

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001062993-15-001591
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20141231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20150330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20150330
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Nutrastar International Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001273385
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FOOD & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2000]
		IRS NUMBER:				800264950
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52899
		FILM NUMBER:		15734607
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4/F YUSHAN PLAZA
 51 YUSHAN ROAD
		STREET 2:		NANGANG DISTRICT
		CITY:			HARBIN
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			150090
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(86) 451-87114869
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4/F YUSHAN PLAZA
 51 YUSHAN ROAD
		STREET 2:		NANGANG DISTRICT
		CITY:			HARBIN
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			150090
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SHUAIYI INTERNATIONAL NEW RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090527
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	YZAPP INTERNATIONAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20031215









   






 D.C. 20549




SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
December 31
 2014


15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

_____________

NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC.


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

    
    

    
    
51 Yushan Road
Nangang District
 Harbin
People&#146;s Republic of
China 
(Registrant&#146;s telephone
number
 including area code) 



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
Name of each exchange on which registered
      

    
    

Act: Common Stock
 par value $0.001 per share 

seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
[&nbsp;&nbsp; ]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; No [X] 

file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
[&nbsp;&nbsp; ]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; No [X] 

reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
[X]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; No [&nbsp; &nbsp;] 

electronically and posted on its corporate Website
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T (&#167; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files)


pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be
contained
 to the best of registrant&#146;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or
information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K
or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [X] 

accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of &#147;large accelerated filer
&#148;
&#147;accelerated filer&#148; and &#147;smaller reporting company&#148; in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

      Filer&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
      [&nbsp;&nbsp; ] 





  

(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act) 
&nbsp;]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;No [X] 

 2014 (the last business day of the registrant&#146;s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter)
 the aggregate market value of
the shares of the registrant&#146;s common stock held by non-affiliates (based upon
the closing price of such shares as reported on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin
Board) was approximately $19.69 million. Shares of the registrant&#146;s common stock
held by each executive officer and director and by each person who owns 10% or more of the outstanding common stock have been excluded
from the calculation in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates of the
registrant. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a
conclusive determination for other purposes. 




996
396 shares of the registrant&#146;s
common stock outstanding as of March 24
 2015. 








style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

For the
      Fiscal Year Ended December 31
 2014


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 




      I

  
    
    
    



      1. 


      


      



      1A. 


      Factors. 


      



      1B. 


      Staff Comments. 


      




      2. 


      


      



      3. 


      Proceedings. 


      




      4. 


      Safety Disclosures. 


      
  
    
    
    



      II

  
    
    
    



      5. 


      for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer
      Purchases of Equity Securities 


      



      6. 


      Financial Data 


      



      7. 


      Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
      


      



      7A. 


      and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 


      



      8. 


      Statements and Supplementary Data. 


      



      9. 


      in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial
      Disclosure. 


      



      9A. 


      and Procedures. 


      



      9B. 


      Information. 


      
  
    
    
    



      III

  
    
    
    



      10. 


      Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 


      



      11. 


      Compensation. 


      



      12. 


      Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related
      Stockholder Matters. 


      



      13. 


      Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence. 


      




      14. 


      Accounting Fees and Services 


      
  
    
    
    



      IV

  
    
    
    



      15. 


      Financial Statement Schedules. 








 this report contains
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933
 as amended
 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
as amended. We use words such as &#147;believe
&#148; &#147;expect
&#148; &#147;anticipate
&#148; &#147;project
&#148;
&#147;target
&#148; &#147;plan
&#148; &#147;optimistic
&#148; &#147;intend
&#148; &#147;aim&#148; or similar expressions which are
intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such statements include
 among
others
 those concerning market and industry segment growth and demand and
acceptance of new and existing products; any projections of sales
 earnings
revenue
 margins or other financial items; any statements of the plans
strategies and objectives of management for future operations; any statements
regarding future economic conditions or performance; uncertainties related to
conducting business in China
 as well as all assumptions
 expectations
predictions
 intentions or beliefs about future events. You are cautioned that
any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and
involve risks and uncertainties
 including those identified in Item 1A
 &#147;Risk
Factors&#148; included herein
 as well as assumptions
 which
 if they were to ever
materialize or prove incorrect
 could cause the results of the Company to differ
materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.


forward-looking statements are reasonable
 we cannot guarantee future results
level of activity
 performance
 or achievements. Moreover
 neither we nor any
other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any of
these forward-looking statements. You should not rely upon forward-looking
statements as predictions of future events. We are under no duty to update any
of these forward-looking statements after the date of this report to conform our
prior statements to actual results or revised expectations. 


 references in
this report to: 

  
  
&#148; &#147;Chinese&#148; and &#147;PRC
&#148; refer to the People&#146;s Republic of China;
  
 as amended.
  
&#148; &#147;we
&#148; &#147;us
&#148; &#147;our company&#148; and &#147;our&#148; refer to Nutrastar
  International Inc.
 a Nevada corporation
 its subsidiaries
 and
 in the
  context of describing our operations and business
 and consolidated financial
  information
 include our VIE Entities;
  
  
  
 as amended;
  
&#148; &#147;dollars&#148; and &#147;$&#148; refer to the legal currency of the
  United States; and
  
  including Heilongjiang Shuaiyi New Energy Development Co.
 Ltd. and its
  subsidiaries as depicted in our organizational chart on page 5 below. 

 2009
 we implemented a 1-for-114.59 reverse
stock split of issued and outstanding shares of our common stock. Except where
specifically indicated
 all common share information (including information
related to warrants to purchase common stock) has been restated to reflect the
1-for-114.59 reverse split. 





ITEM 1.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; BUSINESS.



branded Traditional Chinese Medicine consumer products including commercially
cultivated Cordyceps Militaris
 organic and specialty food products and
functional health beverages. 

products. Cordyceps Militaris is a species of parasitic fungus that is typically
found in north-eastern China. It is a precious ingredient in traditional Chinese
medicine and widely believed in China to offer high medical and health benefits

yang
 

Mushrooms
 
immune system
 and can be used as a supplement for combating certain effects of
fatigue and aging
 the occurrences of certain tumors
 and combating
arteriosclerosis and certain gastrointestinal disorders
 as well as reducing
blood pressure. In addition
 Cordyceps Militaris has significantly high economic

 
Sinensis) can cost as much as $10
000 per kilogram. Due to the extremely
sensitive growing conditions of Cordyceps Militaris
 it is very difficult to
grow the plant in a man-made environment. After several years of laboratory
tests
 we developed a technology to commercially grow and produce Cordyceps
Militaris in 2006. We generated 85.5% and 77.7% of our revenues from Cordyceps
Militaris for fiscal years 2014 and 2013
 respectively. We believe that we own
approximately 18% of the worldwide market share in the cultivated Cordyceps
Militaris industry. We plan to continue to focus on Cordyceps Militaris based
consumer products in the near future
 which is our fastest growing product line
with the greatest market demand and a significantly higher profit margin. 


VIE Entity
 Harbin Shuaiyi Green &amp; Specialty Food Trading LLC
 or Harbin
Shuaiyi
 which was formed in 2001. After years of development
 we believe that
we have become one of the largest wholesale distributors of organic and
specialty food in Heilongjiang Province
 China. We plan to increase our focus in
our organic and specialty food products business
 including efforts to become a
producer and increase our distribution capabilities. 

in the fourth quarter of 2010. The non-carbonized beverage products were
developed internally and contain the Cordyceps Militaris as a key ingredient.
The products are currently being marketed directly to consumers in select cities
in Jiangsu and Anhui through various distribution channels. 



December 22
 2002. Following incorporation
 we engaged in the business of
developing software which allowed us to act as an application service provider
acting as a conduit between retailers and financial institutions. Because this
business was not successful
 we were focused on the identification of suitable businesses with which to enter into a business
opportunity or business combination until December 23
 2008
 when we completed
our reverse acquisition of New Zealand WAYNE&#146;s New Resources Development Co.
Ltd.
 or New Resources. As a result of our reverse acquisition of New Resources
we are no longer a shell company and active business operations were revived. 





 2009
 we filed amended and restated articles of
incorporation with the Nevada Secretary of State to amend our articles of
incorporation to
 among other things
 (1) change our name from &#147;YzApp
International Inc.&#148; to &#147;Shuaiyi International New Resources Development Inc.
&#148;
(2) increase the total number of shares of common stock that we have the
authority to issue from 50
000
000 to 190
000
000 shares and (3) effect a
1-for-114.59 reverse split of our outstanding common stock. 

 2010
 we changed our name to Nutrastar
International Inc. to more accurately reflect our marketing and branding
strategy. Our common stock has been quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board under the
new symbol NUIN since January 20
 2010. 
Background and History of New Resources and Heilongjiang
Shuaiyi 

 which was incorporated in
the BVI under the BVI Business Company Act on March 13
 2008. New Resources was
wholly-owned by New Zealand WAYNE's Investment Holdings Co.
 Ltd.
 or Investment
Holdings
 a BVI company
 before we acquired New Resources on December 23
 2008.


 Ltd.
 or
Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 was established on July 11
 2006 under the laws of the
PRC. Heilongjiang Shuaiyi has two wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Daqing Shuaiyi
Biotech Co.
 Ltd.
 or Daqing Shuaiyi
 and Harbin Shuaiyi. On July 28
 2008
pursuant to a restructuring plan intended to ensure compliance with regulatory
requirements of the PRC
 the nine original shareholders of Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
or the Founders
 including our chairperson and chief executive officer
 Lianyun
Han
 entered into an equity transfer agreement
 or the Equity Transfer
Agreement
 with New Resources
 pursuant to which the Founders transferred all of
their equity interests in Heilongjiang Shuaiyi to New Resources for a purchase
price of RMB 60 million (approximately $8.8 million). As a result
 New Resources
became the 100% owner of Heilongjiang Shuaiyi and
 indirectly
 Daqing Shuaiyi
and Harbin Shuaiyi. 

 2008
 Heilongjiang Shuaiyi entered into a
separate loan agreement and promissory notes
 or the Notes
 with each of the
Founders
 pursuant to which Heilongjiang Shuaiyi borrowed an aggregate of RMB 60
million (approximately $8.8 million) from the Founders
 which amount is exactly
equal to the proceeds that they were entitled to receive for the transfer of
their ownership of Heilongjiang Shuaiyi under the Equity Transfer Agreement. The
Notes bear no interest and are payable in successive equal yearly payments
beginning on the tenth anniversary of the Notes
 December 8
 2018
 and within
the first month of each year thereafter. The final payment is due on January 1
2028. On February 12
 2009
 Heilongjiang Shuaiyi and the Founders amended the
Notes
 pursuant to which the Founders subordinated any right to receive any
payment with respect to this loan to the payment or provision for payment in
full of all claims of all present and future creditors of Heilongjiang Shuaiyi.


 2008
 pursuant to a share exchange agreement
we completed a reverse acquisition transaction of New Resources whereby we
issued to Investment Holdings 689
390 shares of our series A preferred stock
constituting approximately 94% of our issued and outstanding capital stock on a
fully-diluted basis
 in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding capital
stock of New Resources. New Resources thereby became our wholly owned subsidiary
and Investment Holdings became our controlling stockholder. 


 the equity interest
transfer price should be paid by New Resources to the Founders in full within a
certain period of time after Heilongjiang Shuaiyi obtained the new business
license. Because New Resources would not be able to pay off the equity interest
transfer price within such required time period
 New Resources and the Founders
decided to transfer all of the equity interests in Heilongjiang Shuaiyi owned by
New Resources back to the Founders. On October 22
 2010
 New Resources entered
into an equity transfer agreement with the Founders
 pursuant to which New
Resources transferred all of its equity interests in Heilongjiang Shuaiyi back
to the Founders. As a result
 the equity transfer agreement between New
Resources and the Founders
 dated July 28
 2008
 was terminated and New
Resources&#146; obligations to pay off the transfer price for the equity interest in
Heilongjiang Shuaiyi to the Founders were discharged. 





 the Founders
 our
indirectly wholly-owned Chinese subsidiary
 Harbin Baixin Biotech Development
Co.
 Ltd.
 or Harbin Baixin
 and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi entered into the following
commercial arrangements
 or collectively
 VIE Agreements
 pursuant to which we
have contractual rights to control and operate the businesses of Heilongjiang
Shuaiyi and Heilongjiang's two Chinese subsidiaries
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin
Shuaiyi: 

  

 or the Service Agreement
  entered into by and between Harbin Baixin and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Harbin
  Baixin will provide certain exclusive technical services to Heilongjiang
  Shuaiyi in exchange for the payment by Heilongjiang Shuaiyi of a service fee
  that is calculated based on the market price in light of the particulars of
  the service and the time of such service provided by Harbin Baixin; 
  

 or the Option
  Agreement
 entered into by and among Harbin Baixin
 the Founders and
  Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 the Founders granted to Harbin Baixin an option to
  purchase at any time during the term of this agreement
 all or part of the
  equity interests in Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 or the Equity Interests
 at the
  exercise price equal to the lowest possible price permitted by Chinese laws;
  
  

 or the Voting Rights
  Agreement
 entered into by and among Harbin Baixin
 the Founders and
  Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 each of the Founders irrevocably entrusted Harbin Baixin
  and any entities or individuals designated by Harbin Baixin to
 among others
  exercise its voting rights and other rights as a shareholder of Heilongjiang
  Shuaiyi; and 
  

 the Pledge Agreement
 entered into
  by and among Harbin Baixin
 the Founders and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 the
  Founders pledged all of the Equity Interests to Harbin Baixin to secure the
  full and complete performance of the obligations and liabilities on the part
  of the Founders and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi under this and the above contractual
  arrangements 

 or the
Contractual Arrangements
 we transferred all of our indirect equity interests in
Heilongjiang Shuaiyi back to the Founders
 among whom
 Ms. Lianyun Han became a
majority shareholder of Heilongjiang Shuaiyi. At the same time
 we maintain
substantial control over the VIE Entities&#146; daily operations and financial
affairs
 election of their senior executives and all matters requiring
shareholder approval. Furthermore
 as the primary beneficiary of the VIE
Entities
 we are entitled to consolidate the financial results of the VIE
Entities in our own consolidated financial statements under Financial Accounting
Standards Board Accounting Standard Codification (ASC) Topic 810 and related
subtopics related to the consolidation of variable interest entities
 or ASC
Topic 810. 

 2010
 Heilongjiang Shuaiyi also entered into a
termination agreement with each of the Founders
 pursuant to which
 the Notes
were terminated and none of the parties will have any further obligations and
rights thereunder. 


 2009
 we completed a private placement
transaction and sold 1
000
000 shares of our common stock to certain accredited
investors at $2.50 per share for a total of $2.5 million pursuant to a
securities purchase agreement. In addition
 we issued to each of the investors
two warrants to purchase in aggregate 500
000 shares of our common stock
including a Series A warrant having a term of three years with an exercise price
of $3.25 per share and a Series B warrant having a term of three years with an
exercise price of $4.00 per share
 both of which are subject to the usual
adjustments for certain corporate events. 

 pursuant to the securities purchase agreement
 the
Shareholder agreed to place a total of 1
000
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common
stock held by it into escrow to secure the make good obligations described below
on behalf of the investors. Under the securities purchase agreement
 the
Shareholder agreed that: (i) in the event that our consolidated financial
statements reflect less than $9
000
000 of after-tax income for the fiscal year
ending December 31
 2010
 it will transfer to the investors
 on a pro rata
basis
 for no additional consideration
 500
000 shares of our common stock owned
by it; and (ii) in the event that our consolidated financial statements reflect
less than $11
000
000 of after-tax net income for the fiscal year ending
December 31
 2011
 it will transfer to the investors
 on a pro rata basis
 for
no additional consideration
 500
000 shares of common stock owned by it. We
achieved the 2011 and 2010 performance threshold and no escrow shares have been
transferred to the investors. 

 2010
 we entered into a securities purchase
agreement
 or the 2010 Securities Purchase Agreement
 with certain investors
pursuant to which
 we agreed to issue and sell up to an aggregate of 250
000
Units at a purchase price of $28.56 per Unit
 for an aggregate purchase price of
up to $7
140
000
 or the Aggregate Purchase Price. Each Unit consists of (i) one share of a newly designated series A preferred
stock
 par value $0.001 per share
 or the Series A Preferred Stock
 with an
initial one-to-ten conversion ratio into shares of the Company&#146;s common stock
par value $0.001 per share
 and (ii) warrants to purchase five shares of common
stock at an exercise price of $3.40 per share
 or the Series C Warrants. In
addition
 Gilford Securities Incorporated
 as the placement agent of this
transaction
 received from the investors a fee equal to 2% of the Aggregate
Purchase Price and Series C Warrants to purchase 2% of the aggregate number of
shares of common stock that shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be issued
under the 2010 Securities Purchase Agreement are convertible into. 





 we
filed a Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock with the
Secretary of State of the State of Nevada
 or the 2010 Certificate
 on May 27
2010
 which became effective upon filing. Pursuant to the 2010 Certificate
there are 300
000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock authorized. 

 2010 and June 28
 2010
 we consummated the first and
the second closing of the private placement transaction contemplated by the 2010
Securities Purchase Agreement
 respectively
 in which we issued in aggregate
197
706 Units to certain investors at a purchase price of $28.56 per unit for
gross proceeds of approximately $5.65 million. 

the date of this report: 


src=form10kx8x1.jpg







based on the type of products we manufacture and sell
 specifically (i)
Cordyceps Militaris
 (ii) organic and specialty food products and (iii)
functional health beverage. 

and distribute our functional health beverages through Daqing Shuaiyi. Harbin
Shuaiyi is mainly engaged in the business of selling our organic and specialty
food products. 

see Item 7
 &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations&#148; and Note 18 to our consolidated financial statements
appearing elsewhere in this annual report. 


the disposable income of Chinese consumers
 it has also lead to an increase in
consumer awareness of the risks of dietary imbalances
 environment issues and
the importance of maintaining appropriate levels of vitamins and minerals in the
human body. According to the National Bureau of Statistics
 China&#146;s urban
population was approximately 690 million at the end of year 2012 with more than
300 million considered to be in the middle class. The study by the Institute of
Urban and Environmental Studies of Chinese Academy of Social Sciences
anticipates that China&#146;s urban population will rise to 976 million by 2030.
Along with a growing middle class
 all of these facts have rapidly increased
Chinese consumers&#146; demand for nutraceutical products. In the 2012 Blue paper on
the dietary supplement industry published by the China Health Care Association
which is the prominent government-appointed association to oversee the industry
and is an association affiliated with China's Ministry of Health
 it is
estimated that the Chinese dietary supplements industry
 representing products
that were officially registered with China&#146;s State Food and Drug Administration
(SFDA) or commonly referred to in as a &#147;blue hat&#148; is worth approximately $15.8
billion. We believe that the next era of nutrition will focus on naturally
occurring properties provided from plants
 fruits
 and vegetables
 which support
good health.

variety
 attempts have long been made to cultivate Cordyceps Militaris. By the
mid-1980s
 the majority of Cordyceps Militaris available in the worldwide
marketplace were cultivated. Because of the development of modern
biotechnology-based cultivation methods
 the availability of this previously
rare health supplement has greatly increased in the last 20 years. The demand
for Cordyceps Militaris has also compounded exponentially
 in this same time
frame
 partly because of the opening of China to trade with the West in the
1970s
 exposing many more people around the world to the concepts and practices
of traditional Chinese medicine. As Cordyceps Militaris has always been highly
revered in traditional Chinese medicine
 we believe that with increased exposure
to traditional Chinese medicine
 the demand for this plant has also increased.
Such an increase has led to overharvesting of the wild stocks and a subsequent
shortage of wild collected varieties of Cordyceps Militaris. 

Hong Kong
 Japan
 South Korea
 Southeast Asia
 and North America. The European

2014
 
the estimated market demand for Cordyceps Militaris will reach over 1
556 tons a
year by year 2016 with current Cordyceps Militaris manufacturers in China having
an aggregate production capacity of only 550 tons a year
 there is a big gap
between supply and demand and therefore a great potential for our Cordyceps
Militaris market. 


growth can be attributed to a combination of our strengths
 including the
following: 

We sell organic and specialty food
  products
 functional health beverages and Cordyceps Militaris products that
  the followers of traditional Chinese medicine believe have high nutrient
  concentration
 potential health benefits and high value. Our products are
  positioned in the high-end market as premium healthy food and are
  distinguished from the common nutraceutical products in the market. 





  
We
  believe we have established ourselves as a dominant player in China&#146;s

  Militaris 2014

 we believe that we
  currently own approximately 18% of the production in the world market of
  Cordyceps Militaris. By successfully commercializing our Cordyceps Militaris
  planting technology
 we believe that we have achieved economies of scale and
  accordingly significantly high margin that no other material competitor can
  match in the near future. 
  
Our research and development team
  has a strong and extensive technology background and has been an early
  participant in the Cordyceps Militaris market. Currently we have 21
  technicians in our R&amp;D department. The head of our research and
  development team
 Mr. Lichen Wang
 is a lead expert in the field of edible
  fungus in China. Mr. Wang graduated with a Bachelor&#146;s degree in edible fungus
  and has served as the deputy director of several research institutes of edible
  fungus in Northeast China. 
  
Our
  management team has extensive operating experience and industry knowledge. Ms.
  Lianyun Han
 our founder and chief executive officer
 has more than 10 years
  of experience in operational management and business development. We believe
  that our management team&#146;s experience and capabilities have contributed
  greatly to our significant growth in the past three years. 


China
 we believe we are well positioned to capitalize on future industry growth
in China. We are dedicated to providing healthy and nutritional products to our
consumers. We will implement the following strategic plans to take advantage of
industry opportunities and our competitive strengths: 

  
With intense price
  competition among many similar or identical products in the industry
 we
  believe that building brand awareness is the primary means to generate and
  sustain profitable growth in the future. We believe that developing close
  cooperative relationships with research centers of well-known universities in
  China and globally is key to building brand equity. We also market our
  products through an integrated marketing program that includes advertising in
  relevant media outlets
 attending trade shows and offering seminars and
  lectures to local communities regarding the products and their health
  benefits. 
  
We constantly evaluate our
  products and seek to adapt to changing market conditions by updating our
  products to reflect new trends in consumer preferences. We endeavor to expand
  our market presence by introducing additional competitive nutraceutical
  products to our product offerings. Our new products being introduce to the
  market include Cordyceps Militaris based alcoholic products and instant
  soluble powder oral liquids. 
  
Our existing production lines
  of Cordyceps Militaris have been running at close to full capacity while the
  market demand for our existing products continues to increase. In order to
  meet the raw material needs of our products and expand sales of small packages
  and beverages of our Cordyceps Militaris products
 we added 10 plants to our
  production line
 which have been substantially completed as of December 2013
  and operations commenced in 2013. Annual production capacity of Cordyceps
  Militaris was increased to approximately 100 tons in 2013
 up from 87 tons in
  2012. We may convert more buildings into biotechnologically controlled
  cultivation plants to grow and process Cordyceps Militaris in the future. 
  
Further expand our distribution network to increase the prevalence of
Our current sales depend heavily on the sales
  of our large-pack products to pharmaceutical companies. To support our rapid
  growth in sales
 we plan to further expand our distribution network by selling
  our small-pack products through direct sales channel
 specialty stores and
  franchise stores. We have one-year contracts with our major distributors which
  normally extend for one more year by the end of the contracts. We maintain
  constant communications with these distributors to keep us informed regarding
  consumer preferences and market trends in order to develop new products. We
  also organize monthly product promotion meetings with the distributors to
  increase the sales of small package products. We are at the initial rollout
  phase of our functional health beverage through distribution channels in
  Jiangsu Province and Anhui Province. We have contracts with local distributors
  which we expect to be renewed upon expiration. We plan to further expand our
  distribution networks by selling the functional health beverage through
  additional distribution channels
 specialty stores
 supermarkets and franchise
  stores. 
  
 Currently all of our sales are domiciled in China
  and we have created economies of scale by investing and building capacity in
  recent years. Our next strategy within our initiative is to expand growth
  through exploring opportunities beyond our current domestic market by
  targeting expansion into new international markets. We believe there are
  various opportunities in North America
 where there is large demand for nutraceutical products
 and in other Asia countries where there is increasing
  demand for such products. We&#146;re currently in the process of prototyping new
  formats that may expand Nutrastar&#146;s reach into these select international
  markets. Our target plan of an international expansion strategy evaluation
  will include selection of primary focus markets
 determination of target
  customer and channel strategy
 resource allocation
 product offerings
 brand
  positioning
 and creation of an operating model. We believe a thorough and
  successful market penetration strategy ensures the most suitable and efficient
  use of our corporate resources and helps us to increase our success.





We believe that the development of
  new technology is critical to our success. We will continuously improve the
  quality of our existing and future products through new technologies. We
  expect to maintain our long-term partnership with Chinese universities and
  research institutes in order to develop new technologies. 



is a species of parasitic fungus that is typically found in the north-eastern
mountainous regions of China. As a precious ingredient in traditional Chinese
medicine
 Cordyceps Militaris is widely believed in China to offer high medical
and health benefits by nourishing the yin
 boosting the yang
 and invigorating
the meridians of the lungs and kidneys. Due to the extremely sensitive growing
conditions of Cordyceps Militaris
 it is very difficult to grow the plants in
man-made environments. Through several years laboratory tests
 we developed the
technology to commercially grow and produce Cordyceps Militaris in 2006. Our
production process primarily includes planting
 purifying and packaging. 

approximately 100 tons annually. We generated 85.5% and 77.7% of our revenues
from Cordyceps Militaris for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
respectively. We believe that we own approximately 18% of the worldwide market
share in the entire cultivated Cordyceps Militaris industry. We plan to continue
to focus on Cordyceps Militaris
 which is our fastest growing product with the
greatest market demand and a significantly higher profit margin. To achieve this
end
 we completed the additional production facilities to produce Cordyceps
Militaris in 2013 and may expand our production capacity to meet increase demand
in the future. 


by rising incomes in China. Through Harbin Shuaiyi
 we act as either a sales
agent or a distributor to market and sell organic and specialty food products
supplied by third-party producers. These products mainly include Northeast
Peculiar Rice. Northeast Peculiar Rice is grown in accordance with organic
product standards established by the Chinese Ministry of Agriculture. To qualify
as &#147;organic
&#148; food must be produced in an environment which relies upon natural
resources
 without the use of conventional pesticides or artificial fertilizers
in an appropriate ecological environment
 and must undergo a series of
scientific and technological quality control processes. Our Northeast Peculiar
Rice is rich in protein
 fiber fats
 amino acids and calcium
 iron
 zinc
selenium and other elements and vitamins. After years of development
 we believe
we have become the largest wholesale distributor of organic and specialty food
in Heilongjiang Province
 China. We plan to increase our focus in our organic
and specialty food products business
 including efforts to become a producer and
increasing our distribution capabilities in the future. 


 we
introduced the functional beverages featuring the Cordyceps Militaris as a core
ingredient in 2010. The beverage products were developed with the health
benefits of enhancing immunity
 reducing fatigue
 enhancing circulations
 among
other benefits derived from our Cordyceps Militaris. These products became
available in select areas in Jiangsu and Anhui Province and Harbin City in 2013.
We generated 9.2% and 17.2% of our revenues from our functional health beverages
for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. We plan to
continue our marketing efforts to target mass consumer markets by increasing our
distribution channels in the future. 



product mix to cater to different customer tastes and preferences. Currently
 we
have the following product under development. 

. As an extension of our
  different Cordyceps based products
 we endeavor to expand our market presence
  by developing additional competitive nutraceutical products to our product
  offerings. Our new products under development include Cordyceps Militaris
  based tablets and capsules. 






 we have 149 experienced sales and marketing
personnel who are responsible for direct sales activities
 market research
promotion and advertisement. We strengthen our market presence by employing
various types of marketing strategies. We participate in trade shows and offer
seminars and lectures to local communities regarding the health benefits of our
products. These activities help promote our reputation and name recognition in
the industry. 

products to pharmaceutical companies. To support our rapid growth in sales
 we
plan to further expand our distribution network by selling our small-pack
products through direct sales channels
 specialty stores and franchise stores.



 wheat
glucose
 citric acid
 bitter salt
 peptone
 and pupa powder. The price for such
material fluctuates depending upon market conditions. However
 since we have
long-term suppliers and clients
 the influence of any short-term price
fluctuations is not currently expected to have a material effect on the Company.


suppliers. However
 we do not have long term supply contracts and we do not
exclusively rely on our key suppliers. We have adopted a dual supplier system
for raw materials. Therefore
 if our primary suppliers cannot supply us with our
raw material for any reason
 we are able to acquire raw material from another
supplier. All of our suppliers must meet our quality standards and delivery
requirements consistently in order to remain on our approved supplier list. If
deliveries are delayed repeatedly
 we terminate the partnership with such
supplier. 

stable supply of raw materials and promote healthy competition among our
suppliers. We believe our supplier arrangements encourage our suppliers to
provide high quality raw materials timely and efficiently. 

more of our raw materials in 2014: 



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    











    
    


    

    




    

    




  



accounted for 10% or more of our revenue in fiscal year 2014: 



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    












    
    
    




  


products are small-sized local producers and generally have a much lower
production capacity. Compared to these competitors
 we believe we have a much
higher production capacity and more advanced growing and production technology.
Our major competitors in China include Liaoning Limin Cordyceps Co. Ltd.
 Hebei
Cangzhou Cordyceps Co. Ltd.
 Henan Huazhong Biotech Co. Ltd.
 Anshan Huayu
Biotech Co. Ltd.
 Dalian Lanshi Cordyceps Biotech Co. Ltd.
 Beijing Jingdu
Cordyceps Biotech Co. Ltd.
 Ningqiang Likangfuxi Biotech Co. Ltd.
 Shenyang
Juxin Cordyceps Co. Ltd. and Shangdong Rui Zhi Biotech Co.
 Ltd. 






products and new technologies. We currently have 21 employees dedicated to
research and development. Since 2003
 we have also maintained a close
cooperation relationship with China Institute of Science
 one of the most
prestigious academic institutions of scientific and technological research in
China
 to improve commercially grown Cordyceps Militaris. 

 on April 10
 2006
 we spent RMB 30 million
(approximately $4.4 million) in acquiring the technologies of Cordyceps
Militaris cultivation from Mr. Runjiao Wang. In 2014 and 2013
 our research and
development expenses were $159
229 and $173
881
 respectively. 


been notified that additional information is needed in order to determine its
eligibility and are subject to further review procedures. The Company intend to
provide such additional information requested in year 2015: 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    

    












    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    



 2006
 Daqing Shuaiyi entered into an exclusive
licensing agreement with Mr. Runjiao Wang
 pursuant to which Mr. Wang agreed to
grant Daqing Shuaiyi an exclusive right to use the cultivation technology of
Cordyceps Militaries that Mr. Wang developed. According to this licensing
agreement
 Daqing Shuaiyi is allowed to use this technology exclusively in China
for ten years beginning on April 10
 2006. In consideration of the rights
granted to Daqing Shuaiyi under this licensing agreement
 Daqing Shuaiyi agreed
to pay Mr. Wang a licensing fee in an amount of RMB 30 million (approximately
$4.4 million). In addition
 Daqing Shuaiyi has the right of first refusal with
respect to the cultivation technology when the licensing agreement expires and
thus may be continually renewed thereafter. We currently intend to negotiate
with Mr. Wang to renew the licensing agreement when it expires in April 2016.

the State Administration for Industry and Commerce of China. Under Chinese laws
we are allowed to use &#147;&#24069;&#20159;&#19996;&#26041;&#31070;&#148; for the sales and marketing of our products even
if our trademark application is still pending. Once our application is approved
the trademark will have a term of ten years and may be continually renewed
thereafter. 

agreements to protect our proprietary information and knowhow. Our management
and each of our research and development personnel have entered into a standard
confidentiality agreement
 which includes a clause acknowledging that all
inventions
 designs
 trade secrets
 works of authorship
 developments and other
processes generated by them on our behalf are our property
 and assigning to us
any ownership rights that they may claim in those works. Despite our
precautions
 it may be possible for third parties to obtain and use
 without our
consent
 intellectual property that we own or are licensed to use. Unauthorized
use of our intellectual property by third parties
 and the expenses incurred in
protecting our intellectual property rights
 may adversely affect our business.
See Item 1A
 &#147;Risk factors&#151;Risks Related to Our Business&#151;Failure to adequately
protect our intellectual property rights may undermine our competitive position
and litigation to protect our intellectual property rights may be costly.&#148; 


 we are
regulated by the national and local laws of the PRC. Currently only the general
rules of commerce in China are applicable to us. 





The PRC government has controlled RMB reserves primarily through direct
regulation of the conversion of RMB into other foreign currencies. Although
foreign currencies
 which are required for &#147;current account&#148; transactions
 can
be bought freely at authorized PRC banks
 the proper procedural and approval
requirements prescribed by PRC law must be met. At the same time
 PRC companies
are also required to sell their foreign exchange earnings to authorized PRC
banks and the purchase of foreign currencies for capital account transactions
still requires prio


 2014
 we employed a total of 336 full-time
employees. The following table sets forth the number of our employees by
function. 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    



    


    

    
    
    

    


    

    
    
    

    


    

    
    



    





covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We have not experienced any work
stoppages. We believe we maintain good relations with our employees. 


 Cordyceps
Militaris
 historically have not been subject to seasonal variations. However
since a majority of our sales are in China
 the timing of the various Chinese
holidays such as Lunar Chinese New Year
 May and October holidays may have some
impact to our revenue cycle. 


 interruption or
litigation insurance coverage for our operations in China. Insurance companies
in China offer limited business insurance products. While business interruption
insurance is available to a limited extent in China
 we have determined that the
risks of interruption
 cost of such insurance and the difficulties associated
with acquiring such insurance on commercially reasonable terms make it
impractical for us to have such insurance. Therefore
 we are subject to business
and product liability exposure. See Item 1A
 &#147;Risk Factors &#150; We do not carry any
business interruption insurance
 third-party liability insurance for our
production facilities or insurance that covers the risk of loss of our products
in shipment.&#148; 
ITEM 1A.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; RISK FACTORS.

The shares of our common stock are highly speculative in
nature
 involve a high degree of risk and should be purchased only by persons
who can afford to lose the entire amount invested in the common stock. Before
purchasing any of the shares of common stock
 you should carefully consider the
following factors relating to our business and prospects. You should pay
particular attention to the fact that we conduct all of our operations in China
and are governed by a legal and regulatory environment that in some respects
differs significantly from the environment that may prevail in the U.S. and
other countries. If any of the following risks actually occurs
 our business
financial condition or operating results will suffer
 the trading price of our
common stock could decline
 and you may lose all or part of your investment.


Our current business is significantly based on a single
product
 Cordyceps Militaris
 which currently accounts for approximately 86
percent of our revenues
 and we may not be able to generate significant revenue
if this product fails. 

2014 come from a single product
 Cordyceps Militaris
 and our business may
suffer a material adverse impact if this product fails. If we experience
difficulties or obstacles in the manufacture and sale of Cordyceps Militaris
 we may not be able
to generate significant revenues
 our business may fail and you would lose all
or part of your investment in our company. 




We may not be able to grow and harvest sufficient
Cordyceps Militaris to satisfy our production requirements and any decline in
the amount or quality of Cordyceps Militaris could reduce our sales and
negatively affect our results of operations
 financial condition and business
prospects. 

significantly depend on maintaining a consistent and cost-effective supply of
wild strains of Cordyceps Militaris. The availability
 size and quality of
Cordyceps Militaris for the production of our products are subject to risks
inherent to growing
 such as size
 quality
 and yield fluctuation caused by
technical problems of growing
 pest and disease problems
 and other factors
beyond our control. Because all Cordyceps Militaris used to produce our
Cordyceps products are grown by us
 we may not be able to locate in a timely
manner any third party suppliers who could provide us with sufficient materials
to meet our production needs when our self-supply faces significant fluctuations
in the availability of Cordyceps Militaris. Therefore
 any interruptions to or
decline in the amount or quality of our Cordyceps Militaris supply could
materially disrupt our production and adversely affect our business and
financial condition and financial prospects. 
A change in our product mix may cause our results of
operations to differ substantially from the anticipated results in any
particular period. 

products
 customers or geographic mix are substantially different than
anticipated. Our profit margins vary among products
 customers and geographic
markets. Consequently
 if our mix of any of these is substantially different
from what is anticipated in any particular period
 our profitability could be
lower than anticipated. 
Our revenue is generated from a limited number of
clients
 and the loss of one or more significant clients could adversely affect
our revenue. 

December 31
 2014 and 2013
 our five largest clients by revenue represented
approximately 47.0% and 44.4%
 respectively
 of our total revenue
 with one
client
 Lai En Century Co. Ltd.
 representing  approximately 26% and 24%
respectively
 of our total revenue in year 2014 and 2013. We expect that a
relatively small number of clients will continue to account for a significant
portion of our revenue for the foreseeable future. The loss of one or more of
our clients
 including the loss of any of our larger clients
 whether through
acquisitions
 consolidations
 bankruptcies or otherwise
 or the failure to
retain a significant amount of business from our clients
 could harm our
business
 results of operations and financial condition. 
We may not be able to manage our expansion of operations
effectively. 

meet the increasing demand for our products
 as well as capture new market
opportunities. As we continue to grow
 we must continue to improve our
operational and financial systems
 procedures and controls
 increase
manufacturing capacity and output
 and expand
 train and manage our growing
employee base. In order to fund our on-going operations and our future growth
we need to have sufficient internal sources of liquidity or access to additional
financing from external sources. Furthermore
 our management will be required to
maintain and strengthen our relationships with our customers
 suppliers and
other third parties. As a result
 our continued expansion has placed
 and will
continue to place
 significant strains on our management personnel
 systems and
resources. We also will need to further strengthen our internal control and
compliance functions to ensure that we will be able to comply with our legal and
contractual obligations and minimize our operational and compliance risks. Our
current and planned operations
 personnel
 systems
 internal procedures and
controls may not be adequate to support our future growth. If we are unable to
manage our growth effectively
 we may not be able to take advantage of market
opportunities
 execute our business strategies or respond to competitive
pressures. 
We rely on contractual arrangements with our VIE Entities
for our operations
 which may not be as effective in providing control over
these entities as direct ownership.

have no equity ownership interest and must rely on the Contractual Arrangements
to control and operate the businesses of the VIE Entities. The Contractual
Arrangements may not be as effective in providing control over these entities as
direct ownership. For example
 if the VIE Entities are unwilling or unable to
perform their obligations under the VIE Agreements
 including payment of service
fees under the Service Agreement as they become due
 we will not be able to
conduct our operations in the manner currently planned. In addition
 the VIE
Entities may seek to renew their agreements on terms that are disadvantageous to
us. Although we have entered into the VIE Agreements that provide us with
substantial ability to control the VIE Entities
 we may not succeed in enforcing
our rights under them by relying on legal remedies under Chinese law
 which may
not be adequate. In addition
 if we are unable to renew these agreements on
favorable terms when these agreements expire
 or to enter into similar
agreements with other parties
 our business may not be able to operate or
expand
 and our operating expenses may significantly increase. 




The principal shareholder of Heilongjiang Shuaiyi has
potential conflicts of interest with us
 which may adversely affect our
business. 

 our chairman and chief executive officer
 is
also the principal shareholder of Heilongjiang Shuaiyi. Conflicts of interests
between her duties to our company and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi may arise. As Ms. Han
is a director and executive officer of our company
 she has a duty of loyalty
and care to us when there are any potential conflicts of interests between our
company and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi. Additionally
 Ms. Han has entered into the
Voting Rights Agreement with us and executed an irrevocable power of attorney to
appoint the person designated by us to be her attorney-in-fact to vote on her
behalf on all Heilongjiang Shuaiyi matters requiring shareholder approval. We
cannot assure
 however
 that when conflicts of interest arise
 Ms. Han will act
completely in our interests or that conflicts of interests will be resolved in
our favor. In addition
 Ms. Han could violate her employment agreement with us
or her legal duties by diverting business opportunities from us to others. In
addition
 Ms. Han may be able to cause the VIE Agreements to be performed
amended or terminated in a manner adverse to us by
 among other things
 failing
to remit payments to us on a timely basis or operating Heilongjiang Shuaiyi so
as to cause harm to our business. If we cannot resolve any conflicts of interest
between us and Ms. Han
 we would have to rely on legal proceedings
 which could
result in the disruption of our business. 
Our arrangements with the VIE Entities and its
shareholders may be subject to a transfer pricing adjustment by the PRC tax
authorities which could have an adverse effect on our income and
expenses.

tax authorities determine that our agreements with the VIE Entities and its
shareholders were not entered into based on arm&#146;s length negotiations. As a
result
 they may adjust our income and expenses for PRC tax purposes in the form
of a transfer pricing adjustment. Such an adjustment may require that we pay
additional PRC taxes plus applicable penalties and interest
 if any. 
The exercise of our option to purchase part or all of the
equity interests in the VIE Entities under the Option Agreement might be subject
to approval by the PRC government and foreign ownership restrictions on the VIE
Entities&#146; current businesses under PRC laws. Our failure to purchase the equity
of the VIE Entities may impair our ability to substantially control the VIE
Entities and could result in actions by VIE Entities that conflict with our
interests.

subsidiary
 Harbin Baixin
 the option to purchase all or part of the equity
interests in the VIE Entities. However
 the option may not be exercised by
Harbin Baixin if the exercise would violate any applicable laws and regulations
in China or cause any license or permit held by
 and necessary for the operation
of the VIE Entities
 to be cancelled or invalidated. Under the laws of China
 if
a foreign entity
 through a foreign investment company that it invests in
acquires a domestic related company
 China&#146;s regulations regarding mergers and
acquisitions would technically apply to the transaction. Application of these
regulations requires an examination and approval of the transaction by China&#146;s
Ministry of Commerce
 or MOFCOM
 or its local counterparts. Also
 an appraisal
of the equity or assets to be acquired is mandatory. However
 our local PRC
counsel has advised us that local counterparts of MOFCOM hold the view that such
a transaction would not require their approval. 

 we do not believe at this time that an approval and
an appraisal are required for Harbin Baixin to exercise its option to acquire
the VIE Entities. In light of the different views on this issue
 however
 it is
possible that the central MOFCOM office in Beijing will issue a standardized
opinion imposing the approval and appraisal requirement. If we are not able to
purchase the equity of the VIE Entities
 then we will lose a substantial portion
of our ability to control the VIE Entities and our ability to ensure that the
VIE Entities will act in our interests. 
PRC laws and regulations governing our businesses and the
validity of certain of our Contractual Arrangements are uncertain. If we are
found to be in violation of such PRC laws and regulations
 our business may be
negatively affected. 





interpretation and application of PRC laws and regulations
 including
 but not
limited to
 the laws and regulations governing our business
 or the enforcement
and performance of the Contractual Arrangements with the VIE Entities. 

 New Resources
 Oriental Global Holdings Limited and
Harbin Baixin are considered foreign investors or foreign invested enterprises
under PRC law. As a result
 Nutrastar
 New Resources
 Oriental Global Holdings
Limited and Harbin Baixin are subject to limitations under PRC law on foreign
ownership of Chinese companies. These laws and regulations are relatively new
and may be subject to change
 and their official interpretation and enforcement
may involve substantial uncertainty. The effectiveness of newly enacted laws
regulations or amendments may be delayed
 resulting in detrimental reliance by
foreign investors. New laws and regulations that affect existing and proposed
future businesses may also be applied retroactively. 

violations of laws and regulations
 including levying fines
 revoking business
and other licenses and requiring actions necessary for compliance. In
particular
 licenses and permits issued or granted to us by relevant
governmental bodies may be revoked at a later time by higher regulatory bodies.
We cannot predict the effect of the interpretation of existing or new PRC laws
or regulations on our businesses. We cannot assure you that our current
ownership and operating structure would not be found in violation of any current
or future PRC laws or regulations. As a result
 we may be subject to sanctions
including fines
 and could be required to restructure our operations or cease to
provide certain services. In addition
 any litigation in China may be protracted
and result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management
attention. Any of these or similar actions could significantly disrupt our
business operations or restrict us from conducting a substantial portion of our
business operations
 which could materially and adversely affect our business
financial condition and results of operations. 
Our sales and reputation may be affected by product
liability claims
 litigation
 product recalls
 or adverse publicity in relation
to our products. 

risk of injury to consumers. We face risks associated with product liability
claims
 litigation
 or product recalls
 if our products cause injury
 or become
adulterated or misbranded. Our products are subject to product tampering
 and to
contamination risks
 such as mold
 bacteria
 insects
 and other pests
 and
off-flavor contamination during the various stages of the procurement
production
 transportation and storage processes. If any of our products were to
be tampered with
 or become tainted in any of these respects and we were unable
to detect this
 our products could be subject to product liability claims or
product recalls. We cannot predict what impact such product liability claims or
resulting negative publicity would have on our business or on our brand image.
The successful assertion of product liability claims against us could result in
potentially significant monetary damages
 diversion of management resources and
require us to make significant payments and incur substantial legal expenses. We
do not have product liability insurance and have not made provisions for
potential product liability claims. Therefore
 we may not have adequate
resources to satisfy a judgment if a successful claim is brought against us.
Even if a product liability claim is not successfully pursued to judgment by a
claimant
 we may still incur substantial legal expenses defending against such a
claim. Finally
 serious product quality concerns could result in governmental
action against us
 which
 among other things
 could result in the suspension of
production or distribution of our products
 loss of certain licenses
 or other
governmental penalties. A widespread product recall could result in significant
loss due to the cost of conducting a product recall including destruction of
inventory and the loss of sales resulting from the unavailability of the product
for a period of time. In addition product liability claims and product recalls
could have a material adverse effect on the demand for our products and on our
business goodwill and reputation. Adverse publicity could result in a loss of
consumer confidence in our products. 
We compete in an industry that is brand-conscious
 and
unless we are able to establish and maintain brand name recognition our sales
may be negatively impacted. 

market acceptance of our products and brand by our targeted consumers. In
addition
 our business depends on acceptance by our suppliers and consumers of
our brand. Although we believe that we have made progress towards establishing
market recognition for our brand &#147;&#24069;&#20159;&#19996;&#26041;&#31070;&#148; in the Cordycpes Militaris products
industry
 it is too early in the product life cycle of the brand to determine
whether our products and brand will achieve and maintain satisfactory levels of
acceptance by our customers. 




We compete in an industry characterized by rapid changes
in consumer preferences
 so our inability to continue developing new products to
satisfy our consumers' changing preferences would have a material adverse effect
on our sales volumes. 

 gauge and
react in a timely and effective manner to changes in consumer spending patterns
and product preferences. We must continually work to develop
 produce and market
new products
 maintain and enhance the recognition of our brands
 achieve a
favorable mix of products
 and refine our approach as to how and where we market
and sell our products. Through development by our Research and Development team
we introduced the functional beverages featuring the Cordyceps Militaris as a
core ingredient in 2010. The beverage products were available in select areas in
Jiangsu Providence and Anhui Province and Harbin City in 2013. We generated 9.2%
of our revenues from our functional health beverages in 2014. Starting from 2012
till now
 we have been targeting mass consumer markets by introducing additional
varieties of specialty beverage products with the health benefits of enhancing
immunity
 reducing fatigue
 enhancing circulation
 among other benefits derived
from our Cordyceps Militaris. While we have devoted and will continue to devote
considerable effort and resources to shape
 analyze and respond to consumer
preferences by developing new products
 consumer spending patterns and
preferences cannot be predicted with certainty and can change rapidly. Our
failure to adapt our product offering to respond to such changes may result in
reduced demand and lower prices for our products
 resulting in a material
adverse effect on our sales volumes
 sales and profits. 

compared with the potential market and so our initial views as to customer
acceptance of a particular product can be erroneous
 and there can be no
assurance that true market acceptance will ultimately be achieved. In addition
customer preferences are also affected by factors other than taste. If we do not
adjust to and respond to these and other changes in customer preferences
 our
sales may be adversely affected. 
Expansion of our business may put added pressure on our
management and operational infrastructure impeding our ability to meet any
potential increased demand for the products that we sell and possibly hurting
our future operating results. 

meet anticipated growth in demand for the products that we sell
 and by the
introduction of new product offerings. Growth in our business may place a
significant strain on our personnel
 management
 financial systems and other
resources. The evolution of our business also presents numerous risks and
challenges
 including: 

  
  distributors in response to potentially increasing demand;
  
 which are difficult to quantify
  but could be significant; and
  

 we may
need to obtain additional funding to improve information systems
 procedures and
controls and expand
 train
 motivate and manage our employees
 and such funding
may not be available in sufficient quantities
 if at all. If we are not able to
manage these activities and implement these strategies successfully to expand to
meet any increased demand
 our operating results could suffer. 
Due to our continuous growth in recent years
 our past
results may not be indicative of our future performance and evaluating our
business and prospects may be difficult. 

demonstrated by our growth in net income for the fiscal year ended December 31
2014 to $22.7 million
 from $3.7 million for the fiscal year ended December 31
2008. We may not be able to achieve similar growth in future periods
 and our
historical operating results may not provide a meaningful basis for evaluating
our business
 financial performance and prospects. Moreover
 our ability to
achieve satisfactory production results at higher volumes is unproven.
Therefore
 you should not rely on our past results or our historical rate of
growth as an indication of our future performance. 
We depend heavily on key personnel
 and turnover of key
employees and senior management could harm our business. 

significant part upon the continued contributions of our key technical and
senior management personnel
 including Lianyun Han
 our chief executive officer
and chairperson
 and Robert Tick
 our chief financial officer. The expertise of
management and technical innovation of the Company give it a strong competitive
advantage. We do not maintain key person insurance on these individuals. The
loss of any of these key employees&#146; services or any of our other management poses a risk
to our business. We may not be able to attract or retain qualified management on
acceptable terms in the future due to the intense competition for qualified
personnel in our industry and as a result
 our business could be adversely
affected. 




Our inability to protect our trademarks
 patent and trade
secrets may prevent us from successfully marketing our products and competing
effectively. 

brands and our reputation
 and adversely affect our ability to compete
effectively. Further
 enforcing or defending our intellectual property rights
including our trademarks
 patents
 copyrights
 knowhow and trade secrets
 could
result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources. We
produce
 market and sell our products using the brand &#147;&#24069;&#20159;&#19996;&#26041;&#31070;&#148;. We regard our
intellectual property
 particularly our trademark
 knowhow and trade secrets to
be of considerable value and importance to our business and our success. We rely
on a combination of patent
 trademark
 trade secrecy laws
 and contractual
provisions to protect our intellectual property rights. There can be no
assurance that the steps taken by us to protect these proprietary rights will be
adequate or that third parties will not infringe or misappropriate our patent
trademark
 trade secrets or similar proprietary rights. In addition
 there can
be no assurance that other parties will not assert infringement claims against
us
 and we may have to pursue litigation against other parties to assert our
rights. Any such claim or litigation could be costly and we may lack the
resources required to defend against such claims. In addition
 any event that
would jeopardize our proprietary rights or any claims of infringement by third
parties could have a material adverse affect on our ability to market or sell
our brands
 and profitably exploit our products. 
We may be exposed to potential risks relating to our
internal controls over financial reporting. 

the SEC adopted rules requiring public companies to include a report of
management on the company&#146;s internal controls over financial reporting in their
annual reports
 including Form 10-K. Under current law
 we are subject to this
requirement beginning with our annual report for the fiscal year ended December
31
 2007. A report of our management is included under Item 9A of this report
in which our management concluded that our internal controls over our financial
reporting were effective for the year ended December 31
 2014. However
 in the
future
 our management may conclude that our internal controls over our
financial reporting are not effective due to the identification of one or more
material weaknesses. In the event we identify significant deficiencies or
material weaknesses in our internal controls that we cannot remediate in a
timely manner
 investors and others may lose confidence in the reliability of
our financial statements. 
We do not carry any business interruption insurance
third-party liability insurance for our production facilities or insurance that
covers the risk of loss of our products in shipment. 

 including
equipment failures
 natural disasters
 industrial accidents
 power outages
labor disturbances and other business interruptions. Furthermore
 if any of our
products are faulty
 then we may become subject to product liability claims or
we may have to engage in a product recall. We do not carry any business
interruption insurance
 product recall or third-party liability insurance for
our production facilities or with respect to our products to cover claims
pertaining to personal injury or property or environmental damage arising from
defects in our products
 product recalls
 accidents on our property or damage
relating to our operations. As a result
 we may be required to pay for financial
and other losses
 damages and liabilities
 including those caused by natural
disasters and other events beyond our control
 out of our own funds
 which could
have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results
of operations. 
General economic conditions
 including a prolonged
weakness in the economy
 may affect consumer discretionary spending
 which could
adversely affect our business and financial performance. 

number of factors impacting consumer discretionary spending
 including general
economic and business conditions; consumer confidence; wages and employment
levels; the housing market; consumer debt levels; availability of consumer
credit; credit and interest rates; fuel and energy costs; energy shortages;
taxes; general political conditions
 both domestic and abroad. Consumer product
purchases
 including purchases of our products
 may decline during recessionary
periods. A prolonged economic recovery or an uncertain outlook in the economy
could result in additional declines in consumer discretionary spending
 which
could materially affect our financial performance.




We may be exposed to liabilities under the Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act
 and any determination that we violated the Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act could have a material adverse effect on our business.


 or the
FCPA
 and other laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to
foreign governments and their officials and political parties by U.S. persons
and issuers as defined by the statute for the purpose of obtaining or retaining
business. We have operations
 agreements with third parties and make sales in
China
 which may experience corruption. Our activities in China create the risk
of unauthorized payments or offers of payments by one of the employees
consultants
 sales agents or distributors of our company
 because these parties
are not always subject to our control. It is our policy to implement safeguards
to discourage these practices by our employees. However
 our existing safeguards
and any future improvements may prove to be less than effective
 and the
employees
 consultants
 sales agents or distributors of our Company may engage
in conduct for which we might be held responsible. Violations of the FCPA may
result in severe criminal or civil sanctions
 and we may be subject to other
liabilities
 which could negatively affect our business
 operating results and
financial condition. In addition
 the government may seek to hold our Company
liable for successor liability FCPA violations committed by companies in which
we invest or that we acquire. 
If we become directly subject to the recent scrutiny
criticism and negative publicity involving U.S.-listed Chinese companies
 we may
have to expend significant resources to investigate and resolve the matter which
could harm our business operations
 stock price and reputation and could result
in a loss of your investment in our stock
 especially if such matter cannot be
addressed and resolved favorably. 

 U.S. public companies that have substantially all of
their operations in China
 particularly companies like us which have completed
so-called reverse merger transactions
 have been the subject of intense
scrutiny
 criticism and negative publicity by investors
 financial commentators
and regulatory agencies
 such as the SEC. Much of the scrutiny
 criticism and
negative publicity has centered around financial and accounting irregularities
and mistakes
 a lack of effective internal controls over financial accounting
inadequate corporate governance policies or a lack of adherence thereto and
 in
many cases
 allegations of fraud. As a result of the scrutiny
 criticism and
negative publicity
 the publicly traded stock of many U.S. listed Chinese
companies has sharply decreased in value and
 in some cases
 has become
virtually worthless. Many of these companies are now subject to shareholder
lawsuits and SEC enforcement actions
 and are conducting internal and external
investigations into the allegations. It is not clear what effect this
sector-wide scrutiny
 criticism and negative publicity will have on our Company
our business and our stock price. If we become the subject of any unfavorable
allegations
 whether such allegations are proven to be true or untrue
 we will
have to expend significant resources to investigate such allegations and/or
defend our company. This situation will be costly and time consuming and
distract our management from growing our company. If such allegations are not
proven to be groundless
 our company and business operations will be severely
and adversely affected and your investment in our stock could be rendered
worthless. 
The disclosures in our reports and other filings with the
SEC and our other public pronouncements are not subject to the scrutiny of any
regulatory bodies in the PRC. Accordingly
 our public disclosure should be
reviewed in light of the fact that no governmental agency that is located in
China where substantially all of our operations and business are located have
conducted any due diligence on our operations or reviewed or cleared any of our
disclosures. 

with the SEC are subject to SEC review in accordance with the rules and
regulations promulgated by the SEC under the Securities Act and the Exchange
Act. Unlike public reporting companies whose operations are located primarily in
the United States
 however
 substantially all of our operations are located in
China. Since substantially all of our operations and business take place in
China
 it may be more difficult for the Staff of the SEC to overcome the
geographic and cultural obstacles that are present when reviewing our
disclosures. These same obstacles are not present for similar companies whose
operations or business take place entirely or primarily in the United States.
Furthermore
 our SEC reports and other disclosures and public pronouncements are
not subject to the review or scrutiny of any PRC regulatory authority. For
example
 the disclosures in our SEC reports and other filings are not subject to
the review of China Securities Regulatory Commission
 a PRC regulator that is
tasked with oversight of the capital markets in China. Accordingly
 you should
review our SEC reports
 filings and our other public pronouncements with the
understanding that no local regulator has done any due diligence on our company
and with the understanding that none of our SEC reports
 other filings or any of
our other public pronouncements has been reviewed or otherwise been scrutinized
by any local regulator. 
Our auditor
 based in Hong Kong
 China
 like other
independent registered public accounting firms operating in China and to the
extent their audit clients have operations in China
 is not permitted to be
subject to full inspection by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and
as such
 you may be deprived of the benefits of such inspection. 





the audit reports included in our annual reports filed with the SEC
 as auditors
of companies that are traded publicly in the United States and a firm registered
with the US Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 or PCAOB
is required by the laws of the United States to undergo regular inspections by
the PCAOB to assess its compliance with the laws of the United States and
professional standards. 

China
 a jurisdiction where the PCAOB is currently unable to conduct inspections
without the approval of the PRC authorities. Our auditors are located in Hong
Kong
 a special administrator region of China
 a jurisdiction where the PCAOB is
currently unable to conduct full inspections without the approval of the Chinese
authorities. In May 2013
 the PCAOB announced that it had entered into a
Memorandum of Understanding on Enforcement Cooperation with the China Securities
Regulatory Commission (&#148;CSRC&#148;) and the PRC Ministry of Finance
 which
establishes a cooperative framework between the parties for the production and
exchange of audit documents relevant to investigations undertaken by the PCAOB
the CSRC or the PRC Ministry of Finance in the United States and the PRC
respectively. The PCAOB continues to be in discussions with the CSRC and the PRC
Ministry of Finance to permit joint inspections in the PRC of audit firms that
are registered with the PCAOB and audit Chinese companies that trade on U.S.
exchanges. 

China have identified deficiencies in those firms&#146; audit procedures and quality
control procedures
 which may be addressed as part of the inspection process to
improve future audit quality. The inability of the PCAOB to conduct full
inspections of auditors operating in China makes it more difficult to evaluate
our auditor&#146;s audit procedures or quality control procedures. As a result
investors may be deprived of the benefits of PCAOB inspections. 
Administrative proceedings instituted by the SEC against
five PRC-based accounting firms could result in adverse impact on our business
and price of our stock. 

 the SEC commenced administrative proceedings
under Rule 102(e) of its Rules of Practice and also under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 against five PRC-based accounting firms. The Rule 102(e) proceedings
initiated by the SEC relate to these firms&#146; failure to produce documents
including audit work papers
 in response to the request of the SEC pursuant to
Section 106 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 as the auditors located in the
PRC are not in a position to lawfully produce documents directly to the SEC
because of restrictions under PRC law and specific directives issued by the
China Securities Regulatory Commission. The issues raised by the proceedings are
not specific to our auditors or to us
 but affect equally all audit firms based
in China and all China-based businesses with securities listed in the United
States. 

 the administrative judge reached an Initial
Decision that the big four  accounting firms should be barred from practicing
before the SEC for six months. However
 it is currently impossible to determine
the ultimate outcome of this matter as the accounting firms have indicated their
intention to file a petition for review of the Initial Decision and pending that
review the effect of the Initial Decision is suspended. It will
 therefore
 be
for the SEC to make a legally binding order specifying the sanctions if any to
be placed on these audit firms. Once such an order was made
 the accounting
firms would have a further right to appeal to the US federal courts
 and the
effect of the order might be further suspended pending the outcome of that
appeal. 

 four China-based accounting firms &#147;big four&#148;
each agreed to censure and to pay a fine to the SEC to settle the dispute and
avoid suspension of their ability to practice before the SEC and audit U.S.
listed companies. The settlement required the firms to follow detailed
procedures and to seek to provide the SEC with access to Chinese firm&#146;s audit
documents via the CSRC. If future document productions fail to meet specified
criteria
 the SEC retains authority to impose a variety of additional remedial
measures
 e.g. imposing penalties such as suspensions
 restarting the
administrative proceedings etc.
 on the firms depending on the nature of the
failure. 

 public companies in the
United States with major PRC operations may find it difficult or impossible to
retain auditors in respect of their operations in the PRC
 which may result in
SEC&#146;s revocation of the registration of their shares under the Exchange Act
.
Moreover
 although our independent registered public accounting firm was not
named as a defendant in the above SEC administrative proceedings
 any negative
news about the proceedings against these audit firms may erode investor
confidence in China-based
 US public companies
 including us
 and the market
price of our shares may be adversely affected. 
There are limitations on the liability of our directors
and we may have to indemnify our officers and directors in certain instances.






directors and may indemnify our employees and other agents. We may also have
contractual indemnification obligations under our agreements with our executive
officers and directors. The foregoing indemnification obligations could result
in us incurring substantial expenditures to cover the cost of settlement or
damage awards against directors and officers
 which we may be unable to recoup.
These provisions and resultant costs may also discourage us from bringing a
lawsuit against directors and officers for breaches of their fiduciary duties
and may similarly discourage the filing of derivative litigation by our
stockholders against our directors and officers even though such actions
 if
successful
 might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. 

Changes in the economic and political policies of the PRC
government could have a material and adverse effect on our business and
operations. 

Accordingly
 our results of operations
 financial condition and prospects are
significantly dependent on economic and political developments in China. China&#146;s
economy differs from the economies of developed countries in many aspects
including the level of development
 growth rate and degree of government control
over foreign exchange and allocation of resources. While China&#146;s economy has
experienced significant growth in the past 30 years
 the growth has been uneven
across different regions and periods and among various economic sectors in
China. We cannot assure you that China&#146;s economy will continue to grow
 or that
if there is growth
 such growth will be steady and uniform
 or that if there is
a slowdown
 such slowdown will not have a negative effect on its business and
results of operations. 

economic growth through the allocation of resources
 control over payment of
foreign currency-denominated obligations
 implementation of monetary policy
 and
preferential treatment of particular industries or companies. Certain measures
adopted by the PRC government may restrict loans to certain industries
 such as
changes in the statutory deposit reserve ratio and lending guidelines for
commercial banks by the People&#146;s Bank of China
 or PBOC. These current and
future government actions could materially affect our liquidity
 access to
capital
 and ability to operate our business. 

disruptions in 2008 and the United States
 Europe and other economies went into
recession. Since 2012
 growth of the Chinese economy has slowed down. The PRC
government has implemented various measures to encourage economic growth and
guide the allocation of resources. Some of these measures may benefit the
overall PRC economy but may also have a negative effect on us. Our financial
condition and results of operation could be materially and adversely affected by
government control over capital investments or changes in tax regulations that
are applicable to us. In addition
 any stimulus measures designed to boost the
Chinese economy
 may contribute to higher inflation
 which could adversely
affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
Uncertainties with respect to the PRC legal system could
limit the legal protections available to you and us. 

subsidiaries and VIE Entities in the PRC
 which are generally subject to laws
and regulations applicable to foreign investments in China and
 in particular
laws applicable to foreign-invested enterprises. The PRC legal system is based
on written statutes
 and prior court decisions may be cited for reference but
have limited precedential value. Since 1979
 a series of new PRC laws and
regulations have significantly enhanced the protections afforded to various
forms of foreign investments in China. However
 since the PRC legal system
continues to rapidly evolve
 the interpretations of many laws
 regulations and
rules are not always uniform and enforcement of these laws
 regulations and
rules involve uncertainties
 which may limit legal protections available to you
and us. In addition
 any litigation in China may be protracted and result in
substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention. In
addition
 most of our executive officers and directors are residents of China
and not of the United States
 and most of the assets of these persons are
located outside the United States. As a result
 it could be difficult for
investors to affect service of process in the United States or to enforce a
judgment obtained in the United States against our Chinese operations and PRC
entities. 
If we are found to have failed to comply with applicable
laws
 we may incur additional expenditures or be subject to significant fines
and penalties. 

applicable to us. However
 many PRC laws and regulations are uncertain in their
scope
 and the implementation of such laws and regulations in different
localities could have significant differences. In certain instances
 local
implementation rules and/or the actual implementation are not necessarily
consistent with the regulations at the national level. Although we strive
to comply with all the applicable PRC laws and regulations
 we cannot assure you
that the relevant PRC government authorities will not later determine that we
have not been in compliance with certain laws or regulations. Our failure to
comply with applicable PRC laws and regulations could subject us to
administrative penalties and injunctive relief
 as well as civil remedies
including fines
 injunctions and recalls of our products. It is possible that
changes to such laws or more rigorous enforcement of such laws or with respect
to our current or past practices could have a material adverse effect on our
business
 operating results and financial condition. 




The PRC government exerts substantial influence over the
manner in which we must conduct our business activities. 

substantial control over virtually every sector of the Chinese economy through
regulation and state ownership. Our ability to operate in China may be harmed by
changes in its laws and regulations
 including those relating to taxation
import and export tariffs
 environmental regulations
 land use rights
 property
and other matters. We believe that our operations in China are in material
compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements. However
 the
central or local governments of the jurisdictions in which we operate may impose
new
 stricter regulations or interpretations of existing regulations that would
require additional expenditures and efforts on our part to ensure our compliance
with such regulations or interpretations. 

 government actions in the future
 including any
decision not to continue to support recent economic reforms and to return to a
more centrally planned economy or regional or local variations in the
implementation of economic policies
 could have a significant effect on economic
conditions in China or particular regions thereof and could require us to divest
ourselves of any interest we then hold in Chinese properties or joint ventures.

Restrictions on currency exchange may limit our ability
to receive and use our sales revenue effectively. 

Under PRC law
 the RMB is currently convertible under the &#147;current account
&#148;
which may include dividends and trade and service-related foreign exchange
transactions
 but not under the &#147;capital account
&#148; which includes foreign direct
investment and loans. Currently
 our PRC subsidiaries and VIE Entities may
purchase foreign currencies for settlement of current account transactions
including payments of dividends to us
 without the approval of the State
Administration of Foreign Exchange
 or SAFE
 by complying with certain
procedural requirements. However
 the relevant PRC government authorities may
limit or eliminate our ability to purchase foreign currencies in the future.
Since a significant amount of our future revenue will be denominated in RMB
 any
existing and future restrictions on currency exchange may limit our ability to
utilize revenue generated in RMB to fund our business activities outside China
that are denominated in foreign currencies. 

Entities under the capital account continue to be subject to significant foreign
exchange controls and require the approval of or need to register with PRC
government authorities
 including SAFE. In particular
 if our PRC entities
borrow foreign currency through loans from us or other foreign lenders
 these
loans must be registered with SAFE
 and if we finance our PRC entities by means
of additional capital contributions
 these capital contributions must be
approved by certain government authorities
 including the MOFCOM
 or their
respective local counterparts. These limitations could affect their ability to
obtain foreign exchange through debt or equity financing. 
Fluctuations in exchange rates could adversely affect our
business and the value of our securities. 

the foreign exchange rate between U.S. dollars and RMB and between those
currencies and other currencies in which our sales may be denominated.
Appreciation or depreciation in the value of the RMB relative to the U.S. dollar
would affect our financial results reported in U.S. dollar terms without giving
effect to any underlying change in our business or results of operations.
Fluctuations in the exchange rate will also affect the relative value of any
dividend we issue in the future as well as earnings from
 and the value of
 any
U.S. dollar-denominated investments we make in the future. 

 the RMB has no longer been pegged to the U.S.
dollar. Although the People's Bank of China regularly intervenes in the foreign
exchange market to prevent significant short-term fluctuations in the exchange
rate
 the RMB may appreciate or depreciate significantly in value against the
U.S. dollar in the medium to long term. Moreover
 it is possible that in the
future PRC authorities may lift restrictions on fluctuations in the RMB exchange
rate and lessen intervention in the foreign exchange market. 





reduce our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. To date
 we have not entered
into any hedging transactions. While we may enter into hedging transactions in
the future
 the availability and effectiveness of these transactions may be
limited
 and we may not be able to successfully hedge our exposure at all. In
addition
 our foreign currency exchange losses may be magnified by PRC exchange
control regulations that restrict our ability to convert RMB into foreign
currencies. 
We rely principally on dividends paid by our operating
subsidiary to fund cash and financing requirements
 and limitations on the
ability of our operating subsidiary to make payments to us could have a material
adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business and fund our operations.


business through our operating subsidiary and affiliated VIE Entities
 which are
limited liability companies established in China. We rely principally on
dividends paid by our subsidiary for our cash needs
 including the funds
necessary to pay dividends and other cash distributions to our shareholders
 to
service any debt we may incur and to pay our operating expenses. The payment of
dividends by entities organized in China is subject to limitations. In
particular
 regulations in China currently permit payment of dividends only out
of accumulated profits as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards
and regulations. Our PRC subsidiary
 Harbin Baixin
 is also required to set
aside at least 10% of its after-tax profit based on PRC accounting standards
each year to its general reserves until the accumulative amount of such reserves
reaches 50% of its registered capital. These reserves are not distributable as
cash dividends. In addition
 it is required to allocate a portion of its
after-tax profit to its staff welfare and bonus fund at the discretion of its
board of directors. Moreover
 if Harbin Baixin incurs debt on its own behalf in
the future
 the instruments governing the debt may restrict its ability to pay
dividends or make other distributions to us. Any limitation on the ability of
Harbin Baixin to distribute dividends and other distributions to us could
materially and adversely limit our ability to make investments or acquisitions
that could be beneficial to our businesses
 pay dividends or otherwise fund and
conduct our business. 
PRC regulations relating to the establishment of offshore
special purpose companies by PRC residents may subject our PRC resident
beneficial owners or our company to liabilities or penalties
 limit our ability
to contribute capital to our PRC entities
 limit the ability of our PRC entities
to increase their registered capital or distribute profits to us
 or otherwise
materially and adversely affect us.

 2014
 the SAFE issued the Circular Relating to
Foreign Exchange Administration of Offshore Investment
 Financing and Roundtrip
Investment by Domestic Residents Through Special Purpose Vehicles
 or Circular
37. Circular 37 repeals and replaces the Notice Concerning Foreign Exchange
Controls on Domestic Residents&#146; Financing and Roundtrip Investment Through
Offshore Special Purpose Vehicles
 or Circular 75. Under Circular 37
 PRC
residents are required to register with the SAFE or its local branches prior to
establishing
 or acquiring control of
 an offshore company for the purpose of
investment or financing that offshore company with equity interests in
 or
assets of
 a PRC enterprise or with offshore equity interest or assets legally
held by such PRC resident. In addition
 PRC residents are required to amend
their registrations with the SAFE and its local branches to reflect any material
changes with respect to such PRC resident&#146;s investment in such offshore company
including changes to basic information of such PRC resident
 increase or
decrease in capital
 share transfer or share swap
 merger or division. In the
event that a PRC shareholder fails to make the required registration or update
the previously filed registration
 the PRC subsidiaries of that offshore special
purpose vehicle may be prohibited from distributing their profits and the
proceeds from any reduction in capital
 share transfer or liquidation to their
offshore parent company
 and the offshore parent company may also be prohibited
from contributing additional capital into its PRC subsidiaries. Furthermore
failure to comply with the various foreign exchange registration requirements
described above could result in liability under the PRC laws for evasion of
applicable foreign exchange restrictions. 

the SAFE regulations to make the necessary registrations under the SAFE
regulations. However
 we may not be fully informed of the identities of the
beneficial owners of our company. We do not have control over our beneficial
owners and cannot assure you that all of our PRC resident beneficial owners will
comply with SAFE regulations. The failure of our beneficial owners who are PRC
residents to comply with these SAFE registrations may subject such beneficial
owners or our PRC entities to fines and legal sanctions. Furthermore
 since
Circular 37 was recently promulgated and it is unclear how this regulation
 and
any future regulation concerning offshore or cross-border transactions
 will be
interpreted
 amended and implemented by the relevant PRC government authorities
we cannot predict how these regulations will affect our business operations or
future strategy. Failure to register or comply with relevant requirements may
also limit our ability to contribute additional capital to our PRC entities and
limit our PRC entities&#146; ability to distribute dividends to our company. These
risks may have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
and results of operations. 




Under the New EIT Law
 we may be classified as a
&#147;resident enterprise&#148; of China. Such classification will likely result in
unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC stockholders. 

 or the New EIT
Law
 and its implementation regulations
 both of which became effective on
January 1
 2008. Under the New EIT Law
 an enterprise established outside the
PRC with &#147;de facto management bodies&#148; within the PRC should be considered a PRC
&#147;resident enterprise&#148; and is generally subject to a uniform 25% enterprise
income tax rate on its worldwide income. Under the implementing rules to the New
EIT Law
 a &#147;de facto management body&#148; is defined as a body that has material and
overall management and control over the manufacturing and business operations
personnel and human resources
 finances and properties of an enterprise. In
addition
 a circular issued by the SAT on April 22
 2009
 or Circular 82 sets
out the standards and procedures for recognizing the location of the &#147;de facto
management bodies&#148; of an enterprise registered outside of the PRC and controlled
by any PRC enterprise or enterprise group. Circular 82 specifies that certain
PRC-controlled offshore enterprises will be classified as PRC resident
enterprises if the following are located or resident in the PRC: senior
management personnel and departments that are responsible for daily production
operation and management; financial and personnel decision making bodies; key
properties
 accounting books
 the company seal
 and minutes of board meetings
and shareholders&#146; meetings; and half or more of the senior management or
directors having voting rights. On July 27
 2011
 the SAT issued Administrative
Measures of Enterprise Income Tax of Chinese-controlled Offshore Incorporated
Resident Enterprises (Trial)
 or Bulletin 45
 which became effective on
September 1
 2011
 to provide further guidance on the implementation of Circular
82. Bulletin 45 clarifies certain issues related to determining PRC resident
enterprise status of PRC controlled enterprises
 post-determination
administration and which competent tax authorities are responsible for
determining offshore incorporated PRC resident enterprise status. Bulletin 45
specifies that when provided with a copy of a Chinese tax resident determination
certificate issued by the competent tax authorities from an offshore
incorporated PRC resident enterprise
 the payer should not withhold 10% income
tax when paying Chinese-sourced dividends
 interest and royalties to the
offshore incorporated PRC resident enterprise. 

 a substantial majority of the members of our
management team are located in China. However
 Circular 82 applies only to
offshore enterprises controlled by PRC enterprises or PRC corporate groups
 not
those controlled by PRC or foreign individuals or foreign enterprises like us.
In the absence of detailed implementing regulations or other guidance
determining that offshore companies controlled by PRC or foreign individuals or
foreign enterprises like us are PRC resident enterprises
 we do not currently
consider our company or any of our overseas subsidiaries to be a PRC resident
enterprise. 

 the SAT may take the view that the determining
criteria set forth in Circular 82 reflects a general position on how the &#147;de
facto management body&#148; test should be applied in determining the tax resident
status of all offshore enterprises. Additional implementing regulations or
guidance may also be issued determining that our Nevada holding company or other
non-PRC entity is a &#147;resident enterprise&#148; for PRC enterprise income tax
purposes. If the PRC tax authorities determine that our company or any of our
non-PRC subsidiaries is a PRC resident enterprise for PRC enterprise income tax
purposes
 a number of unfavorable PRC tax consequences could follow. First
 our
company or our subsidiaries outside of China will be subject to the uniform
enterprise income tax rate of 25% as to our global income as well as tax
reporting obligations. Second
 although dividends paid by one PRC tax resident
to another PRC tax resident should qualify as &#147;tax-exempt income&#148; under the New
EIT Law
 there is no assurance that we would enjoy such tax exempt treatment on
dividends paid to us from our VIEs. As a result
 such dividend may continue to
be subject to a 10% withholding tax. Finally
 a 10% withholding tax will be
imposed on dividends we pay to our non-PRC enterprise shareholders and gains
derived by our non-PRC shareholders from transferring our shares. In addition to
the uncertainty in how the new &#147;resident enterprise&#148; classification could apply
it is also possible that the rules may change in the future
 possibly with
retroactive effect. 
Heightened scrutiny of acquisition transactions by PRC
tax authorities may have a negative impact on Chinese company&#146;s business
operations and its acquisition strategy. 

Enterprise Income Tax for Share Transfers by Non-PRC Resident Enterprises
 or
SAT Circular 698
 effective on January 1
 2008
 and the Announcement on Several
Issues Related to Enterprise Income Tax for Indirect Asset Transfer by Non-PRC
Resident Enterprises 
 or SAT Announcement 7
 effective on February 3
 2015
issued by the SAT
 if a non-resident enterprise transfers the equity interests
of or similar rights or interests in overseas companies which directly or
indirectly own PRC taxable assets through an arrangement without a reasonable
commercial purpose
 but rather to avoid PRC corporate income tax
 the
transaction will be re-characterized and treated as a direct transfer of PRC
taxable assets subject to PRC corporate income tax. SAT Announcement 7 specifies
certain factors that should be considered in determining whether an indirect
transfer has a reasonable commercial purpose. However
 as SAT Announcement 7 is newly issued
 there is uncertainty as to the
application of SAT Announcement 7 and the interpretation of the term &#147;reasonable
commercial purpose.&#148; 





 the entity which has the obligation
to pay the consideration for the transfer to the transferring shareholders has
the obligation to withhold any PRC corporate income tax that is due. If the
transferring shareholders do not pay corporate income tax that is due for a
transfer and the entity which has the obligation to pay the consideration does
not withhold the tax due
 the PRC tax authorities may impose a penalty on the
entity that so fails to withhold
 which may be relieved or exempted from the
withholding obligation and any resulting penalty under certain circumstances if
it reports such transfer to the PRC tax authorities. 

February 3
 2015
 it also applies to cases where the PRC tax treatment of a
transaction that took place prior to its effectiveness has not yet been finally
settled. As a result
 SAT Announcement 7 could be determined by PRC tax
authorities to be applicable to the historical reorganization
 and it is
possible that these transactions could be determined by PRC tax authorities to
lack a reasonable commercial purpose. As a result
 the transfer of shares by
certain shareholders to other parties could be subject to corporate income tax
of up to 10% on capital gains generated from such transfers
 and PRC tax
authorities could impose tax obligations on the transferring shareholders. If the transferring shareholders do not pay such
obligations
 PRC tax authorities could also impose penalty to the entity that fails to  withhold such tax. 

authorities clarify that an exemption provided by SAT Circular 698 for transfers
of shares in a publicly-traded entity that is listed overseas is available if
the purchase of the shares and the sale of the shares both take place in
open-market transactions. However
 if a shareholder of an entity that is listed
overseas purchases shares in the open market and sells them in a private
transaction
 or vice-versa
 PRC tax authorities might deem such a transfer to be
subject to SAT Circular 698 and SAT Announcement 7
 which could subject such
shareholder to additional reporting obligations or tax burdens. Accordingly
 if
a holder of company&#146;s common stock purchases such common stock in the open market and sells them in a private transaction
 or
vice-versa
 and fails to comply with SAT Circular 698 or SAT Announcement 7
 the
PRC tax authorities may take actions
 including requesting to provide assistance
for their investigation or impose a penalty on it
 which could have a negative
impact on the company&#146;s business operations. 
If the China Securities Regulatory Commission
 or CSRC
or another PRC regulatory agency determines that CSRC approval is required in
connection with the reverse acquisition of New Resources
 the reverse
acquisition may be unwound
 or we may become subject to penalties. 

 2006
 six PRC regulatory agencies
 including the
CSRC
 promulgated the Provisions Regarding Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic
Enterprises by Foreign Investors
 or the M&amp;A Rule
 which became effective on
September 8
 2006. The M&amp;A Rule
 among other things
 requires that an
offshore company controlled by PRC companies or individuals that have acquired a
PRC domestic company for the purpose of listing the PRC domestic company's
equity interest on an overseas stock exchange must obtain the approval of the
CSRC prior to the listing and trading of such offshore company's securities on
an overseas stock exchange. On September 21
 2006
 the CSRC
 pursuant to the
M&amp;A Rule
 published on its official web site procedures specifying documents
and materials required to be submitted to it by offshore companies seeking CSRC
approval of their overseas listings. 

approval for acquisition of a PRC domestic company by an offshore company
controlled by PRC companies or individuals applies to our reverse acquisition of
New Resources because neither Nutrastar International Inc. nor New Resources was
a &#147;Special Purpose Vehicle&#148; or an &#147;offshore company controlled by PRC companies
or individuals&#148; as defined in the M&amp;A Rule. If the CSRC or another PRC
governmental agency subsequently determines that we must obtain CSRC approval
prior to the completion of the reverse acquisition
 the reverse acquisition may
be unwound and we may face regulatory actions or other sanctions from the CSRC
or other PRC regulatory agencies. These regulatory agencies may impose fines and
penalties on our operations in China and limit our operating privileges in
China
 or take other actions that could have a material adverse effect on our
business
 financial condition
 results of operations
 reputation and prospects
as well as the trading price of our shares. 
The M&amp;A Rule establishes more complex procedures for
some acquisitions of Chinese companies by foreign investors
 which could make it
more difficult for us to pursue growth through acquisitions in China.


requirements that could make some acquisitions of Chinese companies by foreign
investors more time-consuming and complex
 including requirements in some
instances that the PRC Ministry of Commerce be notified in advance of any
change-of-control transaction and in some situations
 require approval of the PRC Ministry of Commerce when a foreign investor takes
control of a Chinese domestic enterprise. In the future
 we may grow our
business in part by acquiring complementary businesses
 although we do not have
any plans to do so at this time. The M&amp;A Rule also requires PRC Ministry of
Commerce anti-trust review of any change-of-control transactions involving
certain types of foreign acquirers. Complying with the requirements of the
M&amp;A Rule to complete such transactions could be time-consuming
 and any
required approval processes
 including obtaining approval from the PRC Ministry
of Commerce
 may delay or inhibit our ability to complete such transactions
which could affect our ability to expand our business or maintain our market
share. 




Failure to comply with PRC regulations in respect of the
registration of our PRC citizen employees&#146; shares or share options may subject
such employees or us to fines and legal or administrative sanctions.


Measure for Individual Foreign Exchange issued by SAFE on January 5
 2007 and
Operation Rules on the Foreign Exchange Administration of the Participation of
Domestic Individuals in Overseas Listed Companies&#146; Employee Stock Ownership
Plans and Share Option Schemes issued by SAFE on March 28
 2007
 PRC citizens
who are granted shares or share options by an overseas listed company under its
employee share option or share incentive plan are required
 through the PRC
subsidiary of such overseas listed company or other qualified PRC agents
 to
register with SAFE and complete certain other procedures related to the share
option or other share incentive plan. Foreign exchange income from the sale of
shares or dividends distributed by the overseas listed company may be remitted
into a foreign currency account of such PRC citizen or be exchanged into RMB. In
addition
 the overseas listed company or its PRC subsidiary or other qualified
PRC agent is required to appoint an asset manager or administrator
 appoint a
custodian bank and open dedicated foreign currency accounts to handle
transactions relating to the share option scheme or other share incentive plan.
We and our PRC employees who have been granted stock options are subject to this
rule. We cannot assure you that we and our PRC optionees will complete such
registration procedures in a timely manner
 or at all. If we or our PRC
optionees fail to comply with these regulations
 we or our PRC optionees may be
subject to fines and legal sanctions
 which could have a material adverse effect
on our business and results. 
The implementation of the new PRC employment contract law
and increases in the labor costs in China may hurt our business and
profitability. 

2008 in China. It imposes more stringent requirements on employers in relation
to entry into fixed-term employment contracts
 recruitment of temporary
employees and dismissal of employees. In addition
 under the newly promulgated
Regulations on Paid Annual Leave for Employees
 which also became effective on
January 1
 2008
 employees who have worked continuously for more than one year
are entitled to paid vacation ranging from 5 to 15 days
 depending on the length
of the employee&#146;s service. Employees who waive such vacation entitlements at the
request of the employer will be compensated for three times their normal daily
salaries for each vacation day so waived. As a result of the new law and
regulations
 our labor costs may increase. There is no assurance that disputes
work stoppages or strikes will not arise in the future. Increases in the labor
costs or future disputes with our employees could damage our business
 financial
condition or operating results. 
Our past failure to fully comply with PRC laws relating
to social insurance and housing accumulation fund may expose us to potential
administrative penalties. 

fully contribute their own portion to the social insurance and housing
accumulation funds for their employees within a certain period of time. Failure
to do so may expose the employers to make rectification for the unpaid
contributions by the relevant labor authority. We are currently making
contributions to the social insurance and housing accumulation funds for all of
our currently eligible employees. However
 in the past we did not provide for
contributions for our temporary employees. If the PRC regulatory authorities
take the view that we were required to make contributions to the social
insurance and housing accumulation funds for our temporary employees
 our
failure to make previous payments may be in violation of applicable PRC labor
laws and we cannot assure you that PRC governmental authorities will not impose
penalties on us for failure to comply. In addition
 in the event that any
current or former employee files a complaint with the PRC government
 we may be
subject to making up the contributions to the social insurance and housing
accumulation funds as well as paying administrative fines. The total cost of
these contributions and any related fines or penalties could be very significant
and could have a material adverse effect on our working capital.

You may have difficulty enforcing judgments against us.






located outside of the United States. Most of our current operations are
conducted in the PRC. In addition
 most of our directors and officers are
nationals and residents of countries other than the United States. A substantial
portion of the assets of these persons is located outside the United States. As
a result
 it may be difficult for you to effect service of process within the
United States upon these persons. It may also be difficult for you to enforce in
U.S. courts judgments on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal
securities laws against us and our officers and directors
 most of whom are not
residents in the United States and the substantial majority of whose assets are
located outside of the United States. In addition
 there is uncertainty as to
whether the courts of the PRC would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S.
courts. Courts in China may recognize and enforce foreign judgments in
accordance with the requirements of the PRC Civil Procedures Law based on
treaties between China and the country where the judgment is made or on
reciprocity between jurisdictions. China does not have any treaties or other
arrangements that provide for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of
foreign judgments within the United States. In addition
 according to the PRC
Civil Procedures Law
 courts in the PRC will not enforce a foreign judgment
against us or our directors and officers if they decide that the judgment
violates basic principles of PRC law or national sovereignty
 security or the
public interest. So it is uncertain whether a PRC court would enforce a judgment
rendered by a court in the United States. 

Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board
which may have an unfavorable impact on our stock price and liquidity.


Bulletin Board is a significantly more limited market than the New York Stock
Exchange or Nasdaq system. The quotation of our shares on the OTC Bulletin Board
may result in a less liquid market available for existing and potential
stockholders to trade shares of our common stock
 could depress the trading
price of our common stock and could have a long-term adverse impact on our
ability to raise capital in the future. 
The market price of our common stock is volatile
 leading
to the possibility of its value being depressed at a time when you may want to
sell your holdings.

 and this
volatility may continue. Numerous factors
 many of which are beyond our control
may cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate significantly. In
addition to market and industry factors
 the price and trading volume for our
common stock may be highly volatile for specific business reasons. Factors such
as variations in our revenues
 earnings and cash flow
 announcements of new
investments
 cooperation arrangements or acquisitions
 and fluctuations in
market prices for our products could cause the market price for our shares to
change substantially. 

companies following periods of volatility in their stock price. This type of
litigation could result in substantial costs to us and divert our management&#146;s
attention and resources. 

 the trading market for our common stock will be
influenced by research or reports that industry or securities analysts publish
about us or our business. If one or more analysts who cover us downgrade our
common stock
 the market price for our common stock would likely decline. If one
or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to regularly publish
reports on us
 we could lose visibility in the financial markets
 which
 in
turn
 could cause the market price for our common stock or trading volume to
decline. 

 securities markets may from time to time
experience significant price and volume fluctuations for reasons unrelated to
operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may
adversely affect the price of our common stock and other interests in our
company at a time when you want to sell your interest in us. 
We are subject to penny stock regulations and
restrictions and you may have difficulty selling shares of our common
stock.

so-called &#147;penny stocks&#148; to be an equity security that has a market price less
than $5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share
 subject
to certain exemptions. Our common stock is considered as a &#147;penny stock&#148; and we
are subject to Rule 15g-9 under the Exchange Act
 or the Penny Stock Rule. This
rule imposes additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that sell
such securities to persons other than established customers and &#147;accredited
investors&#148; (generally
 individuals with a net worth in excess of $1
000
000 or annual incomes exceeding $200
000
 or $300
000 together with
their spouses). For transactions covered by Rule 15g-9
 a broker-dealer must
make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and have received the
purchaser's written consent to the transaction prior to sale. As a result
 this
rule may affect the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities and may
affect the ability of purchasers to sell any of our securities in the secondary
market. 





 unless exempt
 the
rules require delivery
 prior to any transaction in penny stock
 of a disclosure
schedule prepared by the SEC relating to the penny stock market. Disclosure is
also required to be made about sales commissions payable to both the
broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the
securities. Finally
 monthly statements are required to be sent disclosing
recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information
on the limited market in penny stock. 

for exemption from the Penny Stock Rule. In any event
 even if our common stock
were exempt from the Penny Stock Rule
 we would remain subject to Section
15(b)(6) of the Exchange Act
 which gives the SEC the authority to restrict any
person from participating in a distribution of penny stock
 if the SEC finds
that such a restriction would be in the public interest. 
Certain provisions of our Articles of Incorporation may
make it more difficult for a third party to effect a change-of-control.


to issue up to 1
000
000 shares of preferred stock. The preferred stock may be
issued in one or more series
 the terms of which may be determined at the time
of issuance by the board of directors without further action by the
stockholders. These terms may include preferences as to dividends and
liquidation
 conversion rights
 redemption rights and sinking fund provisions.
The issuance of any preferred stock could diminish the rights of holders of our
common stock
 and therefore could reduce the value of such common stock. In
addition
 specific rights granted to future holders of preferred stock could be
used to restrict our ability to merge with
 or sell assets to
 a third party.
The ability of our board of directors to issue preferred stock could make it
more difficult
 delay
 discourage
 prevent or make it more costly to acquire or
effect a change-in-control
 which in turn could prevent our stockholders from
recognizing a gain in the event that a favorable offer is extended and could
materially and negatively affect the market price of our common stock. In
connection with our private placement transaction in June 2010
 we filed the
2010 Certificate with the State of Nevada
 pursuant to which we authorized
300
000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock and issued 197
706 shares of Series A
Preferred Stock to the investors. 
The conversion of preferred stock we issued in our
previous private placements may result in dilution to the holders of our common
stock and cause the price of our common stock to decline. 

result from the conversion of our outstanding Series A Preferred Stock issued to
the investors in our previous private placement transactions. As of March 24
2015
 there were 74
276 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock outstanding
which may be converted into our common stock at the option of the holders of the
Series A Preferred Stock in whole or in part at any time at an initial
conversion ratio of 1-for-10. When the conversion price of the Series A
Preferred Stock is less than the trading price of our common stock
 the
conversion of Series A Preferred Stock would have a dilutive effect on our
shareholders. The possibility of the issuance of shares of our common stock upon
the conversion of Series A Preferred Stock could cause the trading price of our
common stock to decline as well. 
ITEM 1B.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; UNRESOLVED STAFF
COMMENTS. 

ITEM 2.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
PROPERTIES. 

Individuals and companies are permitted to acquire land use rights for general
or specific purposes. In the case when land is used for industrial purposes
 the
land use rights are granted for a period of 50 years. The rights may be renewed
at the expiration of the initial and any subsequent terms according to the
relevant Chinese laws. Granted land use rights are transferable and may be used
as security for borrowings and other obligations. 

in Zhaoyuan County
 Daqing City
 Heilongjiang Province
 which started production
in 2006. The facility consists of nine factory buildings and is located on a
410
000 square meter tract where we have leased the land use rights for twenty years
from Heilongjiang Shuaiyi Technology Development Co.
 Ltd or Shuaiyi Technology.
Shuaiyi Technology and our company are under common control and management. 





supplemental production lines of Cordyceps Militaris with an aggregate
processing capacity of approximately 100 tons annually. 

PRC individual
 Liye Qian
 on December 28
 2005
 pursuant to which Harbin
Shuaiyi leased the premise located at 2nd Floor
 2nd Building
 No. 41 Xiangdian
Street
 Xiangfang District
 Harbin with an area of 2
400 square meters. The
lease term is from January 1
 2006 to December 31
 2010. Harbin Shuaiyi used the
facility as an exhibit center for our more than 800 green foods. We paid a
monthly rent of RMB 13
000 approximately $1
625) for using this facility. On
October 1
 2010
 as Harbin Shuaiyi&#146;s legal representative
 Xinjun Li entered
into a lease agreement with Qingling Zhang
 pursuant to which
 Harbin Shuaiyi
leased the premise located at No. 8
 F Suite
 Yueshan International Building
Harbin Development Zone with an area of 262.11 square meters. The lease term was
from October 1
 2010 to October 1
 2013. We use the facility as an exhibit
center for our organic and specialty food products. We paid an annual rent of
RMB 240
000 (approximately $38
100) for the first year and such rent increases
by 10% annually thereafter. As a result of this new lease agreement
 we
terminated our lease agreement with Liye Qian. On December 3
 2013
 Harbin
Shuaiyi entered into a lease agreement with a PRC individual
 Shen Xiao Hui
pursuant to which Harbin Shuaiyi leased the premise located at 2-4 Wen Hua
Street
 Nangang District
 Harbin
 with an area of 89 square meters. The lease
term is from January 1 to December 31
 2014. Total rent for the lease is RMB
50
000. Harbin Shuaiyi had paid the full amount of the rent in advance in
accordance with terms of the lease agreement. On August 8
 2014
 Harbin Shuaiyi
entered into a lease agreement with a PRC individual
 Shenjie Wang
 pursuant to
which Harbin Shuaiyi leased the premise located at No. 272
 Hongqi Street
Nangang District
 Harbin
 with an area of 140 square meters. The lease term is
from August 10
 2014 to August 10
 2015. Total rent for the lease is RMB
100
000. Harbin Shuaiyi had paid the full amount of the rent in advance in
accordance with terms of the lease agreement. 

 2011
 Heilongjiang Shuaiyi entered into an asset
transfer agreement or the Transfer Agreement with Ms. Han. Pursuant to the
Transfer Agreement
 Heilongjiang Shuiayi acquired an office building located at
54-1 Ganshui Road
 Xiangfang District
 Harbin
 with a construction area of
1
854.1 square meters
 from Ms. Han at a cash consideration of RMB 12.75 million
(approximately $1.95 million including other incidental costs)
 which was fully
paid in April 2011. The purchase price was determined based on a real property
valuation report issued by an independent appraisal firm
 Harbin Guoxin Real
Estate Appraisal and Consulting Co.
 Limited on November 11
 2010 and reflected
approximately equal valuation which Ms. Han originally paid when she acquired
such property for the Company. Management believes the terms of the purchase
transaction and the consideration that the Company paid in connection with this
transaction were comparable to the terms available and the amounts that would be
paid in an arm&#146;s-length transaction. The Company intended to move the corporate
headquarters in China to this new office building in 2012
 however
 due to
changes in market conditions
 this plan has been delayed. As a result
 the
Company decided to rent out 2 floors of the currently unoccupied building to an
unrelated tenant at an annual rent of RMB 200
000 (approximately $32
700). The
tenant is responsible for all the leasehold improvements. It is the intent of
the Company to move the corporate headquarters in China to this new office
building when the market condition allows in the future. 

maintained
 are generally in good condition
 and are suitable and adequate for
our business. 
ITEM 3.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS. 

 we may become involved in various lawsuits
and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However
litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties
 and an adverse result in these
or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. We are
currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that we believe will
have a material adverse affect on our business
 financial condition or operating
results. 
ITEM 4.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; MINE
SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 







style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 



      

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#146;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED
      STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
      


OTC Bulletin Board but has not been traded on the OTC Bulletin Board except on a
limited and sporadic basis. The CUSIP number is 67060M 107. 

 for the periods indicated
 the
high and low closing prices of our common stock. These prices reflect
inter-dealer prices
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission
 and may
not represent actual transactions. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    


    
    

    




    




    

Year Ended December 31
 2014
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Year Ended December 31
 2013
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
The above table sets forth the
range of high and low closing bid prices per share of our common stock as
reported by 


 2015
 there were approximately 270 holders of
record of our common stock. This number excludes the shares of our common stock
owned by stockholders holding stock under nominee security position listings.



decisions regarding dividends will be made by our board of directors. We
currently intend to retain and use any future earnings for the development and
expansion of our business and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the
foreseeable future. Our board of directors has complete discretion on whether to
pay dividends
 subject to the approval of our stockholders. Even if our board of
directors decides to pay dividends
 the form
 frequency and amount will depend
upon our future operations and earnings
 capital requirements and surplus
general financial condition
 contractual restrictions and other factors that the
board of directors may deem relevant. 
Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation
Plans 

 &#147;Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
and Management and Related Stockholder Matters &#151; Securities Authorized for
Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans.&#148; 


ended December 31
 2014 that were not previously disclosed in a quarterly report
on Form 10-Q or a current report on Form 8-K that was filed during the 2014
fiscal year. 


fiscal year ended December 31
 2014. 




ITEM 6.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; SELECTED
FINANCIAL DATA. 

ITEM 7.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
MANAGEMENT&#146;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS. 
The following management&#146;s discussion and analysis should be
read in conjunction with our financial statements and the notes thereto and the
other financial information appearing elsewhere in this report. In addition to
historical information
 the following discussion contains certain
forward-looking information. See &#147;Special Note Regarding Forward Looking
Statements&#148; above for certain information concerning those forward looking
statements. 


branded Traditional Chinese Medicine consumer products including commercially
cultivated Cordyceps Militaris
 organic and specialty food products and
functional health beverages. Through our VIE Entities
 we specialize in
developing
 processing
 marketing and distributing a variety of our agricultural
and nutraceutical products. 

Militaris
 which is developed from wild strains of Cordyceps Militaris. We sell
our products through an extensive nationwide sales and distribution network
covering ten provinces and ten cities in China. Our Cordyceps Militaris products
are grown and processed by Daqing Shuiayi
 and are mainly sold to pharmaceutical
companies which are further processed into drugs and nutraceutical products or
sold directly to consumers in the form of raw material or incorporated into our
beverage products. We generated 85.5% and 77.7% of our revenues from Cordyceps
Militaris for fiscal years 2014 and 2013
 respectively. We believe that we own
approximately 18% of the market share in the entire cultivated Cordyceps
Militaris industry in China. 

VIE Entity
 Harbin Shuaiyi
 which was formed in 2001. After years of
development
 we believe that we have become the largest wholesale distributor of
organic and specialty food in Heilongjiang Province
 China. 

fourth quarter of 2010. The non-carbonized beverage products were developed
internally and contain the Cordyceps Militaris as a key ingredient. The products
are currently being marketed directly to consumers in select cities in Jiangsu
and Anhui Province through various distribution channels. We generated 9.2% and
17.2% of our revenues from Cordyceps functional health beverages for fiscal
years 2014 and 2013
 respectively. The functional health beverages are in the
initial commercialization cycle in the Chinese consumer market. 

fiscal year ended December 31
 2014 compared to approximately $43.35 million in
year 2013. Our gross margin for 2014 was 78.5%
 as compared to 77.8% for 2013.

Industry Wide Factors that are Relevant to Our Business


 healthcare
 and lifestyle
trends to drive the growth of our business in the coming future: 

  
Our management
  believes that as China becomes more affluent
 its citizens are becoming more
  health conscious. They are leading more active lifestyles and becoming
  increasingly focused on healthy living
 nutrition
 and supplementation.
  According to 
 a higher percentage of
  today&#146;s global population is involved to some degree in health and wellness
  than a few years ago. We believe that growth in the health supplements
  industry will continue to be driven by consumers who increasingly embrace
  health and wellness as a critical part of their lifestyles. 
  
The average age of the Chinese

Department of
  Economic and Social Affairs
 World Population Prospects: 2012 Revision
  (published in June 2013)
 China&#146;s population is projected to increase from
  approximately 1.360 billion in 2010 to 1.385 billion in 2050
 of which the
  percentage of elderly persons (those 65 years or older) in China is projected
  to increase from
  approximately 8.3% in year 2010 to
  approximately 23.9% in year 2050
 a total of 331 million people. We believe
  that these consumers are significantly more likely to use health supplements
  than younger persons and have higher levels of disposable income to pursue
  healthy lifestyles.
  
  
  





:
  

  Health Development
 spending on out-of-pocket
  health expenditures as a share of total health spending in China increased to
  35.5% in 2010. To reduce medical costs and avoid the complexities of dealing
  with the healthcare system
 and given increasing incidence of medical problems
  and concern over the use and effects of prescription drugs
 many consumers
  take preventive measures
 including alternative medicines and nutritional
  supplements. 



a tax rate of 34%. No provision for income taxes in the United States has been
made as Nutrastar International Inc. had no income taxable in the United States.



law of the BVI
 New Resources is not subject to income or capital gains tax. In
addition
 dividend payments are not subject to withholding tax in the BVI. 


 the PRC government promulgated the New EIT Law
 and
the relevant implementation rules
 which became effective on January 1
 2008.
Under the New EIT Law and its implementation rules
 all domestic and foreign
investment companies will be subject to a uniform enterprise income tax at the
rate of 25%. As a result
 our PRC subsidiaries and VIE Entities are subject to
enterprise income tax at the rates of 25% in 2014 and 2013. 

 dividends from PRC subsidiaries to their
non-PRC shareholders will be subject to a withholding tax at a rate of 20%
which is further reduced to 10% by the implementation rules
 if the non-PRC
shareholder is considered to be a non-PRC tax resident enterprise without any
establishment or place within China or if the dividends payable have no
connection with the non-PRC shareholder&#146;s establishment or place within China
unless any such non-PRC shareholder&#146;s jurisdiction of incorporation has a tax
treaty with China that provides for a different withholding arrangement. 

 pursuant to the New EIT Law
 enterprises
established under the laws of non-PRC jurisdictions
 but whose &#147;de facto
management body&#148; is located in the PRC
 should be treated as resident
enterprises for PRC tax purposes. However
 it is currently uncertain whether we
may be deemed a resident enterprise
 or how to interpret whether any income or
gain is derived from sources within China. See Item 1A
 &#147;Risk Factors - Under
the New EIT Law
 we may be classified as a &#145;resident enterprise&#146; of China. Such
classification will likely result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our
non-PRC stockholders.&#148; If we
 as a Nevada company with substantially all of our
management located in China
 were treated as a resident enterprise for PRC tax
purposes
 we will be subject to PRC tax on our worldwide income at the 25%
uniform tax rate
 which would have an impact on our effective tax rate. 


based on the type of products we manufacture and sell
 specifically (i)
Cordyceps Militaris
 (ii) organic and specialty food products and (iii)
functional health beverages. 

and distribute our functional health beverages through Daqing Shuaiyi. Harbin
Shuaiyi is mainly engaged in the business of selling our organic and specialty
food products. 

 our sales revenue from our Cordyceps Militaris was
approximately $37.05 million
 sales revenue from our organic and specialty food
products was approximately $2.27 million and sales revenue from our functional
health beverages was $4.00 million. 





from our Cordyceps Militaris products
 with an increase in the percentage of
revenue coming from the functional health beverages as we expand our
distribution channels. We also expect that sales and marketing related costs
associated with branding and advertising of the functional health beverages may
increase as a percentage of revenue. 

Note 18 in our audited consolidated financial statements contained elsewhere in
this annual report. 

Year Ended December 31
 2014 Compared to Year Ended December
31
 2013

operations for the periods indicated
 in dollars and as a percentage of revenue.


 other than percentage
 in thousands of US dollars)


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    


Year Ended December 31
 2014
    


Year Ended December 31
 2013
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




    




    




    




    

    
    






    


    






    



    





    




    





    




    

    








    










    



    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    




    


    
    




    


    
  







    




    




    




    

    








    










    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    




    




    




    





    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




























    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    





    




    





    




  

    





    




    





    






. Our revenues are generated from the
sale of our Cordyceps Militaris products
 functional health beverages and
organic and specialty food products. Revenues decreased by $0.02 million
 or
0.05%
 to $43.33 million in 2014
 from $43.35 million in 2013. Due to our current
fully utilized production capacity and to meet the changes in market demand
 we
realigned the beverage product lines by suspending the 160ml beverage product
since January 2014
 increasing production and quantity sold of the 210ml and
310ml beverage products and introduced the powder solution product
 which is a
concentrated instant soluble powder version of the Cordyceps Militaris. As a
result
 the total quantity sold of our beverages products decreased while the
total quantity sold of our Cordyceps Militaris products increased in year 2014
as compared to 2013 since net revenue from the powder solution product is
classified into the Cordyceps Militaris business segment category. Revenue from
sale of the Cordyceps Militaris business segment increased by $3.36 million
offset by $3.47 million decline in beverage products
 resulting in slight
decrease in net revenue for the year 2014 compared with 2013. 

based on the type of products we manufacture and sell
 specifically (i)
Cordyceps Militaris
 (ii) organic and specialty food products and (iii)
functional health beverages. The following table shows the different segments
comprising our total sales revenue for the Cordyceps Militaris
 beverages and
other agricultural products: 




(all amounts
 other
than percentages
 in thousands of U.S. dollars) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    


Year Ended December 31

    
    
    
    

    




    




    




    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Components of Sales
      Revenue
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    

    




    




    


    
    

    





    





    






. Our cost of goods sold is
primarily comprised of the costs of our raw materials
 labor and overhead. Our
cost of goods sold decreased by $0.32 million
 or 3.3%
 to approximately $9.32
million in 2014 from $9.63 million in 2013. As a percentage of revenues
 the
cost of goods sold decreased to 21.5% for the year ended December 31
 2014 from
22.2% for the year 2013. This decrease in the amount of cost of goods sold and
as a percentage of revenue was mainly attributable to the economies of scale due
to our full capacity utilization. 
. Our gross profit increased
approximately $0.30 million
 or 0.9%
 to approximately $34.01 million in 2014
from $33.72 million in 2014. Gross profit as a percentage of revenues was 78.5%
in 2014
 an increase of 0.7% from 77.8% in 2013. Such percentage increase was
mainly due to the economies of scale as a result of the full utilization of
capacity. 
. Our selling expenses include
sales commissions
 cost of advertising and promotional materials
 salaries and
fringe and social benefits of sales personnel
 and other sales related costs.
Selling expenses decreased $0.38 million or 20.6% to $1.47 million in 2014 from
$1.85 million in 2013. As a percentage of revenues
 selling expenses decreased
to 3.4% for 2014 from 4.3% for 2013. The decrease in selling expenses in dollar
terms and as a percentage of revenue was mainly attributable to the decrease in
selling and marketing expenses incurred relating to: i) advertising and
entertainment expenses for our beverages products due to the realignment of our
product offerings
 ii) sales personnel&#146;s fringe expenses and their business
travelling expenses as we have already established and maintained a good
business relationship with our major customers
 and iii) a reduction of our
sales&#146; office expenses like sales office rental expenses and daily utility costs
as a result of our better cost control management strategy executed in current
year. 
. General and
administrative expenses include the personnel costs associated with staff and
support personnel who manage our business activities
 depreciation of fixed
assets
 and professional fees paid to third parties. General and administrative
expenses decreased $0.84 million or 26.1% to $2.38 million in 2014 from $3.22
million in 2013. As a percentage of revenues
 general and administrative
expenses decreased to 5.5% in 2014 from 7.4% in 2013. The decrease in general
and administrative expenses in dollar terms and as a percentage of revenue was
mainly due to $0.59 million decrease in stock based compensation expenses and
decrease in professional fees in 2014. 
Gain on re-measurement of accrued staff fringe and social
 For the past periods
 we followed the prevailing laws and
regulations of the PRC
 to accrue the social benefits to our staff
 but we did
not make contributions to social benefits plans for the amounts accrued since
the plans had not been formally established. Since December 2013
 we began to
contribute to the plans for all currently eligible employees after they are
established. As a result
 we re-measured our liabilities in accordance to the
relevant regulations of the PRC and recorded $0.93 million gain on
re-measurement of accrued staff fringe and social benefits in our income
statement for the year 2013. 
. Income before income
taxes increased approximately $0.61 million
 or 2.0%
 to approximately $30.59
million in 2014 from $29.98 million in 2013. As a percentage of revenues
 income
before income taxes increased by 1.5% to 70.6% in 2014 from 69.1% in 2013. The
increase in income before income taxes in dollar terms and as a percentage of
revenue is mainly attributable to the slight increase in the amount of our gross
profit
 combined with slight decrease in operating expenses resulting in an
increase in income from operations of $0.58 million. 
. Nutrastar International Inc. is
subject to United States federal income tax at a tax rate of 34%. No provision
for income taxes in the United States has been made as Nutrastar International
Inc. had no U.S. source income taxable in the United States for the year ended
December 31
 2014 or 2013. New Resources was incorporated in the BVI and under the current laws of the BVI
 is not subject to income taxes.
Oriental Global was formed in Hong Kong and under the current laws of Hong Kong
is not subject to income taxes. Our PRC subsidiary and the VIEs are subject to
national and local income taxes within China at the applicable tax rate on the
taxable income as reported in their PRC statutory financial statements in
accordance with relevant income tax laws. China passed a new Enterprise Income
Tax Law
 or the New EIT Law
 and its implementing regulations
 both of which
became effective on January 1
 2008.






which were granted under the then effective tax laws and regulations. Therefore
Daqing Shuaiyi had continued to be entitled to a three-year 50% income tax
reduction until December 31
 2010. Both entities were subject to an income tax
rate of 25% in 2014 and 2013. 

million in 2014 from $7.81 million in 2013. We paid more taxes in 2014 because
of the increase in taxable income described above. 
. Net income increased approximately
$0.55 million
 or 2.5%
 to $22.72 million in 2014 from $22.17 million in 2013
as a result of the factors described above. 


 2014
 we had cash and cash equivalents of
approximately $126.54 million. The following table provides detailed information
about our net cash flow for all financial statement periods presented in this
report. 
(All amounts in thousands of U.S.
dollars)

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    


Year Ended December 31

    

    




    




    



    


    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    

    




    




    

    





    









year ended December 31
 2014
 a decrease of $0.11 million from $24.31 million in
year ended December 31
 2013. The decrease in the cash provided by operating
activities was mainly attributable to the $0.55 million increase in net income
generated in 2014 compared to 2013
 offset by an increase in $0.49 cash
settlement to supplier and an increase of $0.56 million in prepayment and other
operating activities contributions. 


for the acquisition of property
 plant and equipment. 

 2014 and December 31
 2013
there was no net cash provided by or used for investing activities. 


approximately $0.03 million for year ended December 31
 2014 from the year 2013.
The decrease in the net cash provided by financing activities was mainly
attributable to the decrease of $0.03 million in advance from a related party
for general corporate purpose in 2014. 

will meet our expected capital expenditure and working capital requirements for
the next 12 months. However
 we may in the future require additional cash
resources due to changed business conditions
 implementation of our strategy to
expand our production capacity or other investments or acquisitions we may
decide to pursue. If our own financial resources are insufficient to satisfy our
capital requirements
 we may seek to sell additional equity or debt securities
or obtain additional credit facilities. The sale of additional equity securities could result in dilution to our stockholders. The
incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations
and could require us to agree to operating and financial covenants that would
restrict our operations. Financing may not be available in amounts or on terms
acceptable to us
 if at all. Any failure by us to raise additional funds on
terms favorable to us
 or at all
 could limit our ability to expand our business
operations and could harm our overall business prospects. 






our business and we do not expect that inflation or changing prices will
materially affect our business in the foreseeable future. However
 our
management will closely monitor the price change and continually maintain
effective cost control in operations. 


are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of
operations
 liquidity or capital expenditures or capital resources that is
material to an investor in our securities. 


have not been subject to seasonal variations. However
 extended holidays in
China such as the Lunar Chinese New Year
 May and October holidays will impact
the Company&#146;s operations due to holiday shut downs. This pattern may change
however
 as a result of new market opportunities or new product introductions.



accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires our
management to make assumptions
 estimates and judgments that affect the amounts
reported in the financial statements
 including the notes thereto
 and related
disclosures of commitments and contingencies
 if any. We consider our critical
accounting policies to be those that require the more significant judgments and
estimates in the preparation of financial statements
 including the
following:
These consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 
The accompanying
consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of Nutrastar
and its wholly owned subsidiaries
 New Resources
 Oriental Global and Harbin
Baixin
 and its VIEs Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi.
All significant inter-company balances or transactions have been eliminated on
consolidation. 

Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi and based on the result of the
evaluation
 believes that these entities are variable interest entities and that
it is the primary beneficiary of these entities. Consequently
 the Company has
included the results of operations of these variable interest entities in the
consolidated financial statements. The Company&#146;s relationships with Heilongjiang
Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi are governed by a series of
contractual arrangements. Under PRC laws
 Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi
and Harbin Shuaiyi are independent legal persons and none of them is exposed to
liabilities incurred by the other parties. 

 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin
Shuaiyi are consolidated in the accompanying financial statements pursuant to
the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standard Codification (ASC)
Topic 810 and related subtopics related to the consolidation of variable
interest entities. The Company does not have any non-controlling interests in
net income and accordingly
 did not subtract any net income in calculating the
net income attributable to the Company. Because of the contractual arrangements
the Company had a pecuniary interest in the VIEs that require consolidation of
the Company&#146;s and the VIEs&#146; financial statements. 






conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires the Company to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at
the date of these consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of
revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The Company bases its
estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are
believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Accordingly
 actual results
may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
Significant estimates for the year ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 include the
useful lives of property and equipment and intangible assets
 assumptions used
in assessing impairment for long-term assets and the fair values of share-based
payments. 
Cash and cash
equivalents consist of all cash balances and highly liquid investments with an
original maturity of three months or less. Because of the short maturity of
these investments
 the carrying amounts approximate their fair value. 
Accounts receivable is
stated at cost
 net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company maintains
allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the failure
of customers to make required payments. The Company reviews the accounts
receivable on a periodic basis and provides allowances where there is doubt as
to the collectability of individual balances. In evaluating the collectability
of individual receivable balances
 the Company considers many factors
 including
the age of the balance
 the customer&#146;s payment history
 its current
credit-worthiness and current economic trends. 
Inventories are stated at the
lower of cost
 determined on a weighted average basis
 or market. Costs of
inventories include purchase and related costs incurred in bringing the products
to their present location and condition. Market value is determined by reference
to selling prices after the balance sheet date or to management&#146;s estimates
based on prevailing market conditions. Management will write down the
inventories to market value if it is below cost. Management also regularly
evaluates the composition of its inventories to identify slow-moving and
obsolete inventories to determine if a valuation allowance is required. 
The
Company evaluates all its financial instruments to determine if such instruments
are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For
derivative instruments that are accounted for as liabilities
 the derivative
instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and is then revalued at each
reporting date
 with changes in the fair value reported in the consolidated
statements of income. For stock-based derivative financial instruments
 the
Company uses Monte-Carlo simulation methods to value the derivative instruments
at inception and on subsequent valuation dates. 
Property
Property
 plant
and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated
impairment losses
 if any. Gains or losses on disposals are reflected as gain or
loss in the year of disposal. The cost of improvements that extend the life of
property
 plant and equipment are capitalized. These capitalized costs may
include structural improvements
 equipment and fixtures. All ordinary repair and
maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. 

the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets as
follows: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

    



    
    

    
    

    


The Company&#146;s intangible
assets include a ten-year exclusive right to use a proprietary process and
computer software. The Company&#146;s amortization policy on intangible assets is as
follows: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

    



    
    

    
    

ASC Subtopic 350-30
 &#147;General Intangibles Other Than Goodwill&#148;. Under ASC
350-30-35
 intangibles with definite lives continue to be amortized on a
straight-line basis over the lesser of their estimated useful lives or
contractual terms. Under FASB ASU No.2012-02 Intangible-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350)
 the Company assesses qualitative factors to
determine whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative impairment test. The
Company would not be required to calculate the fair value of an indefinite-lived
intangible asset unless the Company determines
 based on a qualitative
assessment
 that it is not more likely than not
 the indefinite-lived intangible
asset is impaired. If the qualitative assessment fails
 intangibles with
indefinite lives are further evaluated quantitatively for impairment by
comparing the asset&#146;s estimated fair value with its carrying value
 based on
cash flow methodology. 




The Company
reviews and evaluates its long-lived assets for impairment when events or
changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts may not be
recoverable. An impairment is considered to exist if the total estimated future
cash flows on an undiscounted basis are less than the carrying amount of the
assets
 including goodwill
 if any. An impairment loss is measured and recorded
based on discounted estimated future cash flows. In estimating future cash
flows
 assets are grouped at the lowest level for which there is identifiable
cash flows that are largely independent of future cash flows from other asset
groups. 
Revenue is recognized
when the following four revenue criteria are met: persuasive evidence of an
arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 the selling price is fixed or
determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. 

related taxes
 sales discounts and returns at the time when the merchandise is
delivered to the customer. Based on historical experience
 management estimates
that sales returns are immaterial and has not recorded an allowance for
estimated sales returns. 
The Company accounts for
share-based compensation awards to employees in accordance with FASB ASC Topic
718
 &#147;Compensation &#150; Stock Compensation&#148;
 which requires that share-based
payment transactions with employees be measured based on the grant-date fair
value of the equity instrument issued and recognized as compensation expense
over the requisite service period. 

non-employees in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718 and FASB ASC Subtopic
505-50
 &#147;Equity-Based Payments to Non-employees&#148;. Under FASB ASC Topic 718 and
FASB ASC Subtopic 505-50
 stock compensation granted to non-employees has been
determined as the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of
equity instrument issued
 whichever is more reliably measured and is recognized
as expenses as the goods or services are received. 
The Company is subject to income
taxes in the United States and other foreign jurisdictions where it operates.
The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 740
&#147;Income Taxes&#148;. FASB ASC Topic 740 requires an asset and liability approach for
financial accounting and reporting for income taxes and allows recognition and
measurement of deferred tax assets based upon the likelihood of realization of
tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach
 deferred
taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and
the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for
deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire
before the Company is able to realize their benefits
 or that future
deductibility is uncertain. 

the Internal Revenue Service (&#147;IRS&#148;) and other tax authorities in the locations
where it operates. The Company assesses potentially unfavorable outcomes of such
examinations based on the criteria of FASB ASC 740-10-25-5 through 740-10-25-7
and 740-10-25-13 (formerly FASB Interpretation No. 48 (&#147;FIN 48&#148;) &#147;Accounting for
Uncertainty in Income Taxes&#148;). The interpretation prescribes a
more-likely-than-not threshold for financial statement recognition and
measurement of a tax position taken (or expected to be taken) in a tax return.
This Interpretation also provides guidance on derecognition of income tax assets
and liabilities
 classification of current and deferred income tax assets and
liabilities
 accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax
positions
 accounting for income taxes in interim periods and income tax
disclosures. 
Research and
development costs are expensed as incurred
 and are charged to general and
administrative expenses. Research and development costs were $159
229 and
$173
881 for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.





The Company expenses all
advertising costs as incurred. Advertising costs charged to selling expenses
were nil and $10
437 for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
respectively. 
Substantially all
costs of shipping and handling of products to customers are included in selling
expense. Shipping and handling costs for the years ended December 31
 2014 and
2013 were insignificant. 
FASB ASC Topic 220
&#147;Comprehensive Income&#148;
 establishes standards for reporting and displaying
comprehensive income and its components in the consolidated financial
statements. Accumulated other comprehensive income includes foreign currency
translation adjustments. 
The Company uses the United
States dollar (&#147;US Dollar&#148; or &#147;US$&#148; or &#147;$&#148;) for financial reporting purposes.
The PRC subsidiaries and VIEs within the Company maintain their books and
records in their functional currency
 Chinese Renminbi (&#147;RMB&#148;)
 being the lawful
currency in the PRC. Assets and liabilities of the PRC subsidiaries and VIEs are
translated from RMB into US Dollars using the applicable exchange rates
prevailing at the balance sheet date. Items on the statements of income and cash
flows are translated at average exchange rates during the reporting period.
Equity accounts are translated at historical rates. Adjustments resulting from
the translation of the Company&#146;s financial statements are recorded as
accumulated other comprehensive income. 

Dollars for the purposes of preparing the consolidated financial statements are
based on the rates as published on the website of People&#146;s Bank of China and are
as follows: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    





    





    


 except

    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    

or could be
 converted into US Dollars at the above rates. The value of RMB
against US dollars and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by
 among
other things
 changes in China&#146;s political and economic conditions. Any
significant revaluation of RMB may materially affect the Company&#146;s financial
condition in terms of US Dollar reporting. 
The Company follows FASB
ASC Topic 280
 &#147;Segment Reporting&#148;
 which requires that companies disclose
segment data based on how management makes decisions about allocating resources
to segments and evaluating their performance. 

2014 and 2013
 it operated in three business segments &#150; growing and sales of
Cordyceps Militaris
 which is widely used for Chinese medicine
 manufacturing
and sale of functional health beverages featuring the Cordyceps Militaris as a
core ingredient
 and sales of organic and specialty products. The manufacturing
and sale of Cordyceps Militaris functional health beverages was launched in the
fourth quarter of 2010. 

 2014 and 2013
 all of
the Company&#146;s operations were carried out in one geographical segment - China.

The Company reports
earnings per share in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 260
Earnings per Share. FASB ASC Topic 260 requires presentation of basic and
diluted earnings per share in conjunction with the disclosure of the methodology
used in computing such earnings per share. Basic earnings per share excludes
dilution and is computed by dividing income available to common stockholders by
the weighted average common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted
earnings per share takes into account the potential dilution (using the treasury
stock method) that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common
stock were exercised and converted into common stock. 
The Company
follows FASB ASC Subtopic 450-20
 &#147;Loss Contingencies&#148; in determining its
accruals and disclosures with respect to loss contingencies. Accordingly
estimated losses from loss contingencies are accrued by a charge to income when information available prior to issuance of the financial
statements indicates that it is probable that a liability could be incurred and
the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Legal expenses associated
with the contingency are expensed as incurred. If a loss contingency is not
probable or reasonably estimable
 disclosure of the loss contingency is made in
the financial statements when it is at least reasonably possible that a material
loss could be incurred. 





In April 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-08 &#147;Presentation of
Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (Topic 360)
- Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components
of an Entity&#148;
 which changes the threshold for reporting discontinued operations
and adds new disclosures. The new guidance defines a discontinued operation as a
disposal that &#147;represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major
effect on an entity&#146;s operations and financial results.&#148; The standard is
required to be adopted by public business entities in annual periods beginning
on or after December 15
 2014
 and interim periods within those annual periods.
Entities may &#147;early adopt&#148; the guidance for new disposals. The Company is
currently evaluating the impact on its consolidated financial statements of
adopting this guidance. 

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 Revenue from
Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) which clarifies and improves the
principles for recognizing revenue and develops a common revenue standard for
United States generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP) and
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) that among other things
improves comparability of revenue recognition practices and provides more useful
information to users of financial statements through improved disclosure
requirements. The amendments in ASU 2014-09 are effective for annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that
reporting period. Early application is not permitted. The Company is currently
reviewing the effect of ASU 2014-09 on its revenue recognition. 

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-12
 Compensation -
Stock Compensation (Topic 718) which provides explicit guidance on the
treatment of awards with performance targets that could be achieved after the
requisite service period. The amendments in ASU 2014-12 are effective for annual
periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December
15
 2015. The Company does not expect that the adoption will have a material
impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 Presentation of
Financial Statements &#150; Going Concern. This standard requires management to
evaluate for each annual and interim reporting period whether it is probable
that the reporting entity will not be able to meet its obligations as they
become due within one year after the date that the financial statements are
issued. If the entity is in such a position
 the standard provides for certain
disclosures depending on whether or not the entity will be able to successfully
mitigate its going concern status. This guideline is effective for annual
periods ending after December 15
 2016 and interim periods within annual periods
beginning after December 15
 2016. Early application is permitted. The Company
does not expect that the adoption will have a material impact on its
consolidated financial statements. 

the FASB or other standards-setting bodies that do not require adoption until a
future date are not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#146;s
consolidated financial statements upon adoption. 
ITEM 7A.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; QUANTITATIVE AND
QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

ITEM 8.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

as of December 31
 2014 and 2013 begins on page F-1 of this annual report. 
ITEM 9.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; CHANGES IN
AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.






ITEM 9A.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES. 


Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that
information that would be required to be disclosed in Exchange Act reports is
recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time period specified in
the SEC&#146;s rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and
communicated to our management
 including to our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. 

 our
management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
controls and procedures as of December 31
 2014. Based on that evaluation
 our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of
December 31
 2014
 and as of the date that the evaluation of the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures was completed
 our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective to satisfy the objectives for which they are
intended. 
Management&#146;s Annual Report on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting

adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. The Exchange Act defines internal control
over financial reporting as a process designed by
 or under the supervision of
our principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our
board of directors
 management and other personnel
 to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America and includes those
policies and procedures that: 

  

  and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
  Company; 
  

  permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting
  principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 and that our
  receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with
  authorizations of our management and directors; and 
  

  unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of our assets that could have a
  material effect on our financial statements. 

 no matter how well designed
 have
inherent limitations. Therefore
 even those systems determined to be effective
can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement
preparation and presentation. Also
 projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

over financial reporting as of December 31
 2014. In making this assessment
management used the framework set forth in the report entitled Internal Control
- Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission
 or COSO. The COSO framework summarizes each of the
components of a company&#146;s internal control system
 including (i) the control
environment
 (ii) risk assessment
 (iii) control activities
 (iv) information
and communication
 and (v) monitoring. Based on our assessment we determined
that
 as of December 31
 2014
 our internal control over financial reporting is
effective based on those criteria. 

our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. 



financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2014 that have materially
affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control
over financial reporting. 




ITEM 9B.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;OTHER INFORMATION.


disclosed in a report on Form 8-K during the fourth quarter of 2014
 but was not
reported. 





ITEM 10.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE
OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 


executive officers as of the date of this report: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


    



    


    



      Chief Executive Officer and President 

    
    
    
    

 Chief Financial Officer
      and Treasurer 

    


    



      Officer 



    
    
    
    

    


    


    

    
    
    
    
    

    


    


    

    
    
    
    
    
 Ms. Han has extensive experience in
operational management and business development. Ms. Han is the founder of our
company and has been our Chief Executive Officer
 President and the chairperson
of our board of directors since the completion of the reverse acquisition of New
Resources on December 23
 2008. Ms. Han has been the chairman and chief
executive officer of our subsidiary Heilongjiang Shuaiyi since its formation in
2006. From 1998 to 2006
 Ms. Han was the president of Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
Technology Development Co.
 Ltd.
 a company that is engaged in the business of
developing
 manufacturing
 marketing and selling high-tech agricultural
products. Ms. Han holds a Bachelor&#146;s degree in Chinese Language and Literature
from Harbin Normal University. 
Mr. Tick has extensive experience in
accounting and finance. Mr. Tick was the Chief Financial Officer of ANDA
Networks
 Inc.
 a telecom equipment provider
 from July 2007 to August 2010
Vice President of Finance from October 2005 to July 2007 and Corporate
Controller from April 2003 to November 2004. From November 2004 to October 2005
Mr. Tick served as the Controller for T-RAM Semiconductors Inc.
 a fabless
semiconductor company. Mr. Tick is a Certified Public Accountant and holds a
B.S. in Accounting and Finance from San Francisco State University and an MBA
from Washington State University. 
 Mr. Hua has over 18 years experience in
sales and marketing management. Prior to joining the Company
 from 2003 to 2004
Mr. Hua was the Project General Planning Principle of Wanglaoji Herbal Tea
 JDB
Group
 one of the largest herbal tea manufacturers in China. From 1998 to 2001
he was the VP Sales &amp; Marketing of Beijing Huiyuan Beverage and Food Group
Co.
 Ltd.
 a leading company engaged in the manufacture and sales of juice and
other beverage products in China. Mr. Hua holds a Bachelor&#146;s degree in
international finance from Tianjin University. 
Richard E. Fearon
 Jr. 
Capital Partners in 2000
 a 15-year-old private investment fund targeting
undervalued small and micro-cap stocks of fundamentally strong public companies
which represent attractive take-private candidates. The fund is long-only and
employs the tools of private equity investing to its public market portfolio.
Accretive Capital Partners has been nationally ranked by Morningstar
 Barron&#146;s
Bloomberg
 Lipper
 and Barclay Managed Funds
 received HFM Week Magazine&#146;s 2011
Best Single Manager Long-Term Performance award among all U.S. hedge funds under
$250 million and Acquisition International&#145;s 2015 Hedge Fund Performance Award
for Best for Long-Term Performance as an active value fund
 and has been
selected as finalist for PAM Magazine's 2015 Best Private Wealth Manager
Performance award among all U.S. hedge funds under $5 billion.

Prior to founding Accretive Capital Partners
 Mr. Fearon founded and managed the
Chicago office of Allied Capital Corporation
 a $3 billion private equity
investment fund and the largest and oldest publicly-traded small business
investment company in the United States
 until acquired by Ares Capital
Corporation. He was Managing Partner of Allied Capital Midwest and a Principal
of Allied Capital Corporation from 1993-2000. Prior to Allied Capital
 Mr.
Fearon was an investment banker at Morgan Stanley &amp; Co. and PaineWebber
Incorporated. Mr. Fearon earned an MBA in Finance from the Wharton School of
Business
 where he also attended the Stockholm School of Economics
 and
graduated with a BA in Chemistry and Anthropology from Williams College. He was
a graduate of the Hopkins School
 where he was a 1984 Connecticut State and
All-New England Wrestling Champion and a National Football Foundation and
College Hall of Fame Scholar-Athlete. Mr. Fearon is a member of the Board of
Directors of Nutrastar International Inc. (OTCQB: NUIN) and has served on the
Board of 15 private companies
 including as Chairman of Magna Card
 Inc.
 where
he was awarded United States Patent 7225568. He currently serves on the Hopkins
School Alumni/ae Association Board of Directors and
 since 2011
 has served as
an Advisory Board Member to the Catalyst Network Foundation
 a non-profit
organization offering career development and networking tools to under-served
and high-potential inner-city youths and veterans.




 Mr. Ngan has been the Founder and Managing
Partner of HHN Capital LLC since April 2013. Mr. Ngan served as the Chief
Financial Officer of ZST Digital Networks
 Inc. (OTC: ZSTN) from March 2011 to
March 2013
 a company that is a developer
 manufacturer and supplier of digital
and optical network equipment to cable system operators and provider of GPS
tracking devices and support services for transport-related enterprises in
China. From February 2009 to January 2011
 Mr. Ngan has served as the Chief
Financial Officer of Highpower International
 Inc. (NASDAQ: HPJ)
 a developer
manufacturer and marketer of nickel-metal hydride (Ni-MH) and lithium-ion
(Li-ion) batteries and related products. Prior to joining the company
 Mr. Ngan
had served as Vice President and Senior Equity Analyst at Brean Murray
 Carret &amp;
Co.
 a full service investment bank
 in New York City from July 2008
 an Equity
Research Analyst at Buckingham Research Group in New York
 an equity research
firm
 from June 2004 to January 2008 and at Robotti &amp; Company
 a diversified
financial services boutique
 from October 2002 until June 2004. During his
tenure
 Mr. Ngan accumulated a significant amount of experience in accounting
auditing
 consulting and valuation analysis. Mr. Ngan received a Bachelor&#146;s
degree in Accounting from the University at Albany
 State University of New
York
 and an MBA in finance
 and information and communication systems from
Gabelli School of Business at Fordham University. Mr. Ngan is also a Certified
Public Accountant licensed in the State of New York.
 Ms. P&#146;an is currently the CEO of the
TransCapital Group LLC
 a business consulting service provider
 and Yumi
EcoSolutions
 Inc.
 an importer and distributor of eco-friendly materials. She
is a seasoned global executive
 successful entrepreneur and financier and a
recognized international business expert. As an innovator and authority on China
and the Pacific Rim
 Ms. P&#146;an advises senior executives and board of directors
on strategic investments
 business strategy
 operations and funding. Prior to
founding the current companies
 and their predecessor companies
 she was the
first female Vice President at American Express Bank from 1978 to 1984 and was
the architect of the national debit card banking system for Taiwan from 1980 to
1982. Before her current positions
 Ms. P&#146;an also served as Managing Partner for
KCSA Worldwide and Managing Director of Adam Friedman Associates from 1994 to
2006
 two prominent financial communications and investor relations firms based
in New York City. She is currently an active member of the Board of AIESEC US
 a
non-profit organization promoting cultural understanding and international
co-operation and the Advisory Board of the Babson Graduate School of Business
which is internationally ranked #1 for entrepreneurship. Ms. P&#146;an is the
recipient of the prestigious Leading Women Entrepreneur of the World
Business Innovator and International Women of Influence Awards and is fluent
in Mandarin and other Chinese dialects. 
 Mr. Zhang has decades of working
experience in production management. Mr. Zhang became our director on January
12
 2009. Mr. Zhang joined Heilongjiang Shuaiyi in 2006 as the production
manager. From 1998 to 2006
 Mr. Zhang was the vice president of Heilongjiang
Shuangyasha Boiler Factory. Mr. Zhang holds a Bachelor&#146;s degree in economics
from Northeast Agricultural University. 
Mr. Zhong has been with Leichi
Investment Limited Company
 or Leichi
 a financial consulting company
 since
July 2007 and is principally responsible for managing the company&#146;s legal
affairs including the performance of business due diligence and market research
joint project arrangement
 private equity financing
 corporate strategy planning
and business consulting. Over the years
 he has participated in many joint
projects covering various industries from environmental protection
 new
materials
 new energy and modern agriculture provided to consumer and wholesales
franchises. Prior to working with Leichi
 Mr. Zhong was at the Fujian Yinsen
Group
 a company engaged in the business of collection
 treatment
 disposal and
recycling of industrial wastes
 from 2005 to 2007 and was responsible for
undertaking the company's legal affairs. Mr. Zhong graduated from The
South-Central University for Nationalities with a bachelor's degree in law. 

and qualified. 


directors. 


 none of our directors or executive officers has
 during the past ten years:
  
  
 or of any partnership
 corporation or business association of which he was a general partner or executive officer

  
 judgment
 or decree
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state authority
 permanently or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting
 his involvement in any type of business
 securities
 futures
 commodities
 investment
 banking
 savings and loan
 or insurance activities

  
 and the judgment has not been reversed
 suspended

  
 or a party to
 any federal or state judicial or administrative order
 judgment
 decree
 or finding
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants)
 relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation
 any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including
 but not limited to
 a temporary or permanent injunction
 order of disgorgement or restitution
 civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order
 or removal or prohibition order

  
 or a party to
 any sanction or order
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26)))
 any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29)))
 or any equivalent exchange
 association



 &ldquo;Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence &ndash; Transactions with Related Persons
&rdquo; none of our directors
 director nominees or executive officers has been involved in any transactions with us or any of our directors
 executive officers
 affiliates or associates which are required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC.






Ms. Lianyun Han
 Mr. Richard E. Fearon Jr.
 Mr. Henry Ngan
 Ms. Virginia P&#146;an
Mr. Robert Tick
 Mr. Chunming Zhang
 and Mr. Jianbing Zhong. Since October 2010
the Board of Directors has established three Committees: the Audit Committee
the Compensation Committee
 and the Governance and Nominating Committee. Each of
the Audit Committee
 Compensation Committee and Governance and Nominating
Committee are comprised entirely of our independent directors. From time to
time
 the Board of Directors may establish other committees. The Board of
Directors has adopted a written charter for each of the committees which is
. Printed
copies of each of our committee charters may be obtained
 without charge
 by
contacting the Corporate Secretary
 Nutrastar International Inc.
 4/F Yushan
Plaza
 51 Yushan Road
 Nangang District
 Harbin
 China 150090. 


Virginia P&#146;an and Jianbing Zhong. Each member of the Audit Committee meets the
independence criteria prescribed by applicable regulation and the rules of the
SEC for audit committee membership and is an &#145;&#145;independent director&#146;&#146; within the
meaning of applicable NASDAQ listing standards. Each Audit Committee member
meets NASDAQ&#146;s financial literacy requirements
 and the Board of Directors has
further determined that Mr. Henry Ngan (i) is &#145;&#145;audit committee financial
expert&#146;&#146; as such term is defined in Item 407(d) of Regulation S-K promulgated by
the SEC
 and (ii) also meet NASDAQ&#146;s financial sophistication requirements. 

reporting processes and the audits of the financial statements of our Company.
The Audit Committee is responsible for
 among other things: 

  
  non-auditing services permitted to be performed by our independent auditors;
  
  and management&#146;s response;
  
 as
  defined in Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1933
 as
  amended;
  
  independent auditors;
  
  special audit steps adopted in light of significant internal control
  deficiencies;
  
  charter;
  
  independent auditors;
  
  
  by our Board from time to time. 


Virginia P&#146;an
 Henry Ngan
 and Jianbing Zhong. The members of the Compensation
Committee are all independent directors within the meaning of applicable NASDAQ
listing standards. 

reviewing and approving the compensation structure of our executive officers
including all forms of compensation to be provided to our executive officers.
Our chief executive officer may not be present at any Compensation Committee
meeting during which his compensation is deliberated. The Compensation Committee
is permitted to delegate its authority in accordance with Nevada law unless
prohibited by the Company&#146;s by-laws or the Compensation Committee charter. The
Compensation Committee is responsible for
 among other things: 

  
  officers;
  
  compensation of our chief executive officer
 evaluating the performance of our
  chief executive officer in light of those goals and objectives
 and setting
  the compensation level of our chief executive officer based on this
  evaluation; and 





  
  Directors regarding any long-term incentive compensation or equity plans
  programs or similar arrangements
 annual bonuses
 employee pension and welfare
  benefit plans; and reviewing and making recommendations to the Board of
  Directors regarding succession plans for the chief executive officer and other
  senior officers. 


directors: Jianbing Zhong
 Virginia P&#146;an
 and Henry Ngan. The members of our
Governance and Nominating Committee are all independent directors within the
meaning of applicable NASDAQ listing standards. 

Directors in identifying individuals qualified to become our directors and in
determining the composition of the Board of Directors and its committees. The
Governance and Nominating Committee is responsible for
 among other things: 

  
  election or re-election to the Board of Directors
 or for appointment to fill
  any vacancy;
  
  the Board of Directors in light of the characteristics of independence
 age
  skills
 experience and availability of service to us;
  
  annual retainers and meeting fees
 if any
 and making recommendations to the
  Board of Directors for any adjustments;
  
  serve as members of the Board&#146;s committees; and
  
Section 16(A) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance


 directors
 certain executive
officers and persons holding more than 10% of our common stock must report their
initial ownership of the common stock
 and any changes in that ownership
 to the
SEC. The SEC has designated specific due dates for these reports. Based solely
on our review of copies of such reports filed with the SEC by and written
representations of our directors and executive offers
 we believe that our
directors and executive offers filed the required reports on time in fiscal year
2014. 


applies to our Chief Executive Officer
 President
 Chief Financial Officer
Principal Executive Officer
 Principal Financial Officer
 Principal Accounting
Officer
 Controller and persons performing similar functions. The code of ethics
addresses
 among other things
 ethical conduct
 conflicts of interest
compliance with laws
 regulations and policies
 including disclosure
requirements under the federal securities laws
 confidentiality
 trading on
inside information
 and reporting of violations of the code. A copy of the code
of ethics has been filed as Exhibit 14.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed
on October 8
 2010 and is also available on our website
. Any amendments or waivers to the code of
ethics will be posted on our website within four business days of such amendment
or waiver. 
ITEM 11.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



and non-cash compensation awarded to
 earned by or paid to the named persons for
services rendered in all capacities during the noted periods. 






style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 




    


    


    


    



    


      
    




 



2013




093 



    


    


    



093
      
897 


 
      
    
    
    

000 
000 
    
    
    

896 
771 
    

371 
179 
    

267 
950
  

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    

      aggregate grant date fair values of Restricted Stock
 calculated in
      accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. These are not amounts paid to or
      realized by Mr. Tick.
  
    
    

      grant date fair value of stock option awards granted to Mr. Tick
      calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. These are not amounts
      paid to or realized by Mr. Tick.


our CEO and President
 Ms. Lianyun Han. Ms. Han&#146;s employment agreement has a
five-year term beginning on December 7
 2008 and ended on December 7
 2013
which was renewed for an addition five-year term ending on December 7
 2018. Ms.
Han&#146;s employment agreement provides for a monthly salary of approximately $1
000
and an annual bonus of approximately $3
000. Ms. Han is subject to customary
non-competition and confidentiality covenants under the agreement. The
employment agreement does not entitle Ms. Han to severance payments or payments
following a change in control. 

 2010
 we and Mr. Robert Tick entered into an
employment agreement. The term of the employment agreement is for three years
commencing on July 16
 2010. The employment agreement provides
 among other
things
 that Mr. Tick&#146;s monthly base salary will be $12
650. During the term of
the employment agreement
 if either party terminates the employment for any
reason
 a minimum of sixty (60) days notice must be given in writing to the
other party. The employment agreement also contains covenants prohibiting Mr.
Tick from competing with us during his employment with us or disclosing any
confidential information of us both during his employment and after the
termination of employment. On January 24
 2010
 we and Mr. Tick entered into an
amendment No. 1 to the employment agreement
 pursuant to which
 effective
January 1
 2011
 Mr. Tick&#146;s monthly base salary is increased from $12
650 to
$16
000. On August 8
 2013
 we and Mr. Tick entered into an amendment No. 2 to
the employment agreement
 pursuant to which the expiration date of the agreement
was extended to June 30
 2014. On August 8
 2014
 we and Mr. Tick entered into
amendment No. 3 to the employment agreement
 pursuant to which
 effective July
1
 2014
 Mr. Tick&#146;s monthly base salary is increased from $16
000 to $17
000 and
the term of Mr. Tick&#146;s employment with the Company was changed to on an &#147;at will
basis&#148;
 unless otherwise earlier terminated in writing by both parties. 

 2010
 we and Mr. Tick also entered into a stock
option agreement under the Company&#146;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan. Pursuant to the
terms of the stock option agreement
 Mr. Tick was granted options to purchase an
aggregate 150
000 shares of common stock of the Company
 among which
 an option
to purchase 75
000 shares will be vested on December 31
 2011 with an exercise
price of $5.00 per share
 an option to purchase 75
000 shares will be vested on
December 31
 2012 with an exercise price of $7.00 per share. Each of the options
expires three years after its respective vesting date and in no event will the
options be exercised later than December 31
 2015. On January 24
 2011
 our
Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors approved the repricing of the
options that we granted to Mr. Tick on July 16
 2010. As a result
 each such
option outstanding has an exercise price of $3.50 per share which is higher than
the closing price of the Company&#146;s common stock on the OTC Bulletin Board on
that date (the &#147;Repricing&#148;). In addition
 the vesting schedules of the
outstanding options granted to Mr. Tick were changed from vesting on an annual
basis to vesting on a semi-annual basis. 

 2013
 we and Mr. Tick also entered into a stock
option agreement under the Company&#146;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan. Pursuant to the
terms of the stock option agreement
 Mr. Tick was granted options to purchase an
aggregate 75
000 shares of common stock of the Company
 among which
 an option
to purchase 37
500 shares will be vested on November 15
 2013 with an exercise
price of $0.83 per share
 an option to purchase 37
500 shares will be vested on
April 15
 2014 with an exercise price of $0.83 per share. Each of the options
expires three years after its respective vesting date and in no event will the
options be exercised later than April 15
 2017. 

 in the event Mr.
Tick&#146;s employment with us is terminated for any reason except for death or
disability
 he may exercise the options only to the extent that the options
would have been exercisable on the termination date and no later than three months after the
termination date. If Mr. Tick&#146;s employment is terminated because of his death or
disability
 the options may be exercised only to the extent that such options
would have been exercisable by Mr. Tick on the termination date and must be
exercised by Mr. Tick no later than twelve months after the termination date. If
the employment is terminated for Cause as defined in the stock option agreement
the options will terminate immediately. In no event will the options be
exercised later than December 31
 2015. 





 2010
 November 26
 2012 and August 8
 2013
 we also
entered into restricted shares grant agreements under the Company&#146;s 2009 Equity
Incentive Plan with Mr. Tick. Pursuant to the terms of the restricted shares
grant agreements
 we granted to Mr. Tick 150
000 restricted shares of our common
stock on July 16
 2010; 20
000 restricted shares of our common stock on November
26
 2012 and 75
000 restricted shares of our common stock on August 8
 2013
subject to the vesting schedule therein. If Mr. Tick&#146;s service with us ceases
for any reason other than Mr. Tick&#146;s (a) death
 (b) disability
 (c) retirement
or (d) termination by us without cause
 any nonvested restricted shares will be
automatically forfeited to us. 

are also subject to certain acceleration provisions provided in the stock option
agreement and the restricted shares grant agreement
 respectively. 

pension scheme in which all of our employees in China participate) or severance
or change of control benefits to our named executive officer. 


fiscal 2014 year-end value of unvested options and restricted shares for Mr.
Robert Tick. No other executive officers received unexercised options or stock
that has not vested or equity incentive plan awards that remained outstanding as
of the end of the fiscal year 2014. 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 9pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL
      YEAR-END


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    






    
    





      unearned shares


    value of unearned shares
 units or other rights that have not vested ($)    

    

      &nbsp;37

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


      &nbsp;37

    
    
    
    


      &nbsp;37

    
    
    
    


      &nbsp;37

    
    
    
  


 2011
 the Compensation Committee approved the
repricing of the options that we granted to Mr. Tick on July 16
 2010. In
addition
 the vesting schedules of the outstanding options were changed from
vesting on an annual basis to vesting on a semi-annual basis. 

follows: 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

    

Price per
      Share
Price per
      Share







    
    







    
    





    
    
    





    
    
    






for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2014: 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    


    


    


    


    



    


    


    


    


    







093 

    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

882 

    


    






    


    


    



027 

    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

027 

    


    










    







267 

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

747 

    


    






    


    


    



882


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    

      service as our director. The compensation disclosed herein is her
      compensation for serving as our CEO and President as disclosed in the
      Summary Compensation Table above.
  
    
    

 2012.
  
    
    

 2011. The compensation
      disclosed herein reflects the compensation Mr. Tick received as the Chief
      Financial Officer of our company.
  
    
    

      aggregate grant date fair values of Restricted Stock
 calculated in
      accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. These are not amounts paid to or
      realized by the respective directors.
  
    
    

      reflects the aggregate grant date fair value computed in accordance with
      FASB ASC Topic 718. These are not amounts paid to or realized by each of
      the relevant directors.

 2010
 we entered into separate independent
director contracts with each of Mr. Henry Ngan
 Ms. Virginia P&#146;an and Mr.
Jianbing Zhong. Pursuant to the director contracts
 we granted
 under our 2009
Equity Incentive Plan
 to Mr. Ngan 40
000 restricted shares of our common stock
Ms. P&#146;an 30
000 restricted shares and Mr. Zhong 20
000 restricted shares
 as
compensation for the services to be provided by them as independent directors.
On the same date
 we also entered into separate restricted shares grant
agreements with each of the above directors to evidence the grant of these
restricted shares. The restricted shares will vest in equal installments on a
semi-annual basis over a two-year period. 

 2011
 we entered into an independent director
contract with Mr. Kurtzig. Under the terms of the independent director contract
we agreed to grant
 under the Company&#146;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan
 to Mr.
Kurtzig 20
000 restricted shares of our common stock as compensation for the
services to be provided by him as a director of the Company. On the same date
we also entered into a restricted shares grant agreement with Mr. Kurtzig to
evidence the grant of the restricted shares. The restricted shares will vest in
equal installments on a semi-annual basis over a two-year period. 

 2011
 the Company entered into a restricted
shares grant agreement with Mr. Kurtzig
 whereby the Company agreed to grant
under the Company&#146;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan
 to Mr. Kurtzig 10
000 restricted
shares of the Company&#146;s common stock as compensation for the services to be
provided by him. 

 2012
 the Company entered into separate
restricted shares grant agreements with Mr. Henry Ngan
 Ms. Virginia P&#146;an
 Mr.
Jianbing Zhong
 and Mr. Richard E. Fearon
 Jr.
 whereby the Company agreed to
grant
 under the Company&#146;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan
 to Mr. Ngan 30
000
restricted shares of our common stock
 Ms. P&#146;an 30
000 restricted shares
 Mr.
Zhong 20
000 restricted shares and Mr. Fearon 20
000 restricted shares
 as
compensation for the services to be provided by them as independent directors.
On the same date
 we also entered into separate restricted shares grant
agreements with each of the above directors to evidence the grant of these
restricted shares. The restricted shares will vest in equal installments on a
semi-annual basis over a two-year period. 

 2014
 the Company entered into separate
restricted shares grant agreements with Mr. Henry Ngan
 Ms. Virginia P&#146;an
 Mr.
Jianbing Zhong
 and Mr. Richard E. Fearon
 Jr.
 whereby the Company agreed to
grant
 under the Company&#146;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan
 40
000 restricted shares
to each person
 as compensation for the services to be provided by them as
independent directors. On the same date
 we also entered into separate
restricted shares grant agreements with each of the above directors to evidence
the grant of these restricted shares. The restricted shares will vest in equal
installments on a semi-annual basis over a two-year period. 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 



      

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
Management 

ownership of our common stock as of March 14
 2015 (i) by each person who is
known by us to beneficially own more than 5% of our voting securities; (ii) by
each of our officers and directors; and (iii) by all of our officers and
directors as a group. Unless otherwise specified
 the address of each of the
persons set forth below is in care of Nutrastar International Inc.
 4/F Yushan
Plaza
 51 Yushan Road
 Nangang District
 Harbin 150090
 People&#146;s Republic of
China. 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


Name and Address of
      
Office
 If Any
    
Shares Beneficially
      Owned
    

(2)
      
    
Series A Preferred
      Stock
% Total
      

    
    
    
    

Directors and
      Officers


    



349
424
    
    
    
    

    

 Chief Financial



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    

680
056
    

750
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    

(7 persons named

    

501
380 
    

750 
    
    

5% Security
      Holders



 Ltd. 4/F
      Yushan Plaza No.51 Yushan Road Harbin
 China 150090 
    

349
424
    
    
    
    


 Building A
      Oriental Media Centre 4 Guanghua Road Chaoyang District
 Beijing 100026

    
    
    


    
    







style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 



16 Wall Street
Madison
 CT

    

600

    


    
    

    



349
424
    
    
    
    


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    

      rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with
      respect to securities. For each beneficial owner above
 any options
      exercisable within 60 days have been included in the
denominator.
  
    
    
  
    
    

996
396 shares of common stock issued and
      outstanding as of March 24
 2015.
  
    
    
  
    
    

276 shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued
      and outstanding as of March 24
 2015. Each share of Series A Preferred
      Stock is convertible initially into ten (10) shares of common stock
      (subject to customary adjustments for stock splits
 combinations
 or
      equity dividends on common stock). Holders of Series A Preferred Stock
      vote with the holders of common stock on all matters on an &#147;as converted&#148;
      basis.
  
    
    
  
    
    

      ownership with respect to all shares of our common stock and Series A
      Preferred Stock
 as a single class and on an &#147;as-converted&#148; to common
      stock basis.
  
    
    
  
    
    

349
424 shares of common stock owned by New
      Zealand WAYNE&#146;s Investment Holdings Co.
 Ltd. Pursuant to the Earn-In
      Agreement
 dated September 12
 2008
 as amended
 the Founders
 including
      Ms. Han
 have the options to acquire a majority interest in New Zealand
      WAYNE&#146;s Investment Holdings Co.
 Ltd. upon the satisfaction of certain
      conditions set forth in the Earn-In Agreement. Upon the passage of six
      months after the date of Share Exchange Agreement
 which was entered into
      among the Company
 New Resources
 along with the subsidiaries of New
      Resources
 including Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin
      Shuaiyi
 and New Zealand WAYNE&#146;s Investment Holdings Co.
 Ltd.
 dated
      December 23
 2008
 Ms. Han will own at least a majority ownership of
      Investment Holdings if she exercises her option pursuant to the Earn-In
      Agreement. Ms. Han may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the shares
      held by Investment Holdings.
  
    
    
  
    
    

600
856 shares of common stock and 47
750
      shares of Series A Preferred Stock owned by Accretive Capital Partners
      LLC. Richard E. Fearon
 Jr. is the managing partner of Accretive Capital
      Management
 LLC
 which is the manager of Accretive Capital Partners
 LLC
      and he has sole voting and investment power over the securities held by
      Accretive Capital Partners
 LLC. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock is
      convertible at a conversion ratio of one-to-ten into shares of the
      Company&#146;s common stock.


 including any pledge by
any person of our securities
 the operation of which may at a subsequent date
result in a change in control of the Company. 
Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation
Plans 

fiscal year 2014 for each category of our equity compensation plan: 






style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
Number of securities
of outstanding
      options

    
outstanding options

      
Number of securities
under equity
reflected
      in column (a))


      approved by security holders


000
    

000 



    
    
    

    


000
    

000
  

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    

 2009
 our Board of Directors authorized the
      establishment of the Company&#146;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan
 whereby we are
      authorized to issue shares of our common stock to certain employees
      consultants and directors. The maximum aggregate number of shares of our
      common stock that may be issued under the 2009 Equity Incentive Plan is
      1
000
000 shares. The Plan was approved by our shareholders on June 3
      2009. On July 23
 2012
 our Board of Directors authorized
 and on July 25
      2012
 the majority of the security holders approved the amendment to the
      Company&#146;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan
 under which the maximum aggregate
      number of shares of our common stock that may be issued has been increased
      to 2
500
000 shares.
  
    
    
  
    
    

 2010
 we granted Mr. Robert Tick options to
      purchase an aggregate 150
000 shares of common stock under the Company&#146;s
      2009 Equity Incentive Plan. On January 24
 2011
 the Compensation
      Committee of the Board approved the repricing of the options. As a result
      each such option outstanding has an exercise price of $3.50 per share
      which is higher than the closing price of the Company&#146;s common stock on
      the OTC Bulletin Board on that date. On August 8
 2013
 we granted Mr.
      Robert Tick options to purchase an aggregate 75
000 shares of common stock
      under the Company&#146;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan. Each such option
      outstanding has an exercise price of $0.83 per share which is higher than
      the closing price of the Company&#146;s common stock on the OTC Bulletin Board
      on that date. Each of these options expires three years after their
      respective vesting dates. As of December 31
 2014
 an aggregate of 75
000
      shares options expired.
ITEM 13.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 


beginning of the 2014 fiscal year
 or any currently proposed transaction
 in
which we were or are to be a participant and the amount involved exceeded or
exceeds the lesser of $120
000 or one percent of the average of our total assets
at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years
 and in which any related
person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other than
compensation described under Item 11
 &#147;Executive Compensation&#148;). We believe the
terms obtained or consideration that we paid or received
 as applicable
 in
connection with the transactions described below were comparable to terms
available or the amounts that would be paid or received
 as applicable
 in
arm&#146;s-length transactions. 

  

 2008
 Daqing Shuaiyi entered into a land lease agreement
  with Heilongjiang Shuaiyi Technology Development Co.
 Ltd
 a company
  controlled by the management
 pursuant to which Daqing Shuaiyi leased a land
  use right for 20 years over a 410
000 square meter tract on which it has nine
  factory buildings to grow and cultivate Cordyceps Militaris. 
  

 2007
 Heilongjiang Shuaiyi entered into a loan agreement
  with its wholly-owned subsidiary
 Daqing Shuaiyi
 pursuant to which
  Heilongjiang Shuaiyi agreed to loan RMB 35 million (approximately $5.1
  million) to Daqing Shuiayi. The loan is non-interest bearing and unsecured.
  Daqing Shuaiyi is obligated under the loan agreement to pay off RMB 7 million
  (approximately $1 million) by October 30 each year starting from 2008. The
  loan agreement was modified in May 2011 to extend the maturity date of the
  loan until October 15
 2018. 
  

 2008
 the Shareholder entered into separate Earn-In
  Agreements with the Founders of Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 including our
  chairperson and chief executive officer
 Lianyun Han. Pursuant to the Earn-In
  Agreements
 each Founder has an option to purchase shares of the Shareholder&#146;s
  ordinary shares at a purchase price
  of $0.01 per share (the par value of the
  Shareholder&#146;s ordinary shares)
that the aggregate price with
  respect to the shares eligible to be purchased relating to the satisfaction of
  condition (4) below is the sum of $0.01 per share
 multiplied the number of
  such shares
 plus $1
000
 upon the satisfaction of each of the following
  conditions: (1) six months have expired since the date of the Share Exchange
  Agreement
that on or before that date
 the Founder and
  Heilongjiang Shuaiyi have entered into a binding employment agreement and the
  Founder is employed by Heilongjiang Shuaiyi pursuant to that agreement on such
  date; (2) the SEC has declared a registration statement filed by the Company
  under the Securities Act effective
 or investors who purchased common stock
  from the Company pursuant to a securities purchase agreement being able to
  sell their common stock under Rule 144; (3) Heilongjiang Shuaiyi and its
  subsidiaries have achieved not less than $1
560
000 in after-tax net income
  as determined under US GAAP for the six months ended June 2009; and (4)
  Heilongjiang Shuaiyi has achieved not less than $3
900
000 in pre-tax profits
  as determined under US GAAP for the fiscal year ending 2009. Notwithstanding
  the foregoing
 for purposes of determining whether or not the financial
  thresholds described above have been achieved
 the purchase of the shares by
  the Founder or any other person designated by the Founder shall not be deemed
  to be an expense
 charge
 or other deduction from revenues of the Company even
  though GAAP may require contrary treatment. Each Founder may purchase 25% of
  the total number of shares that he or she is eligible to purchase under his or
  her Earn-In Agreement upon the satisfaction of each condition described above
  and the aggregate number of shares eligible for purchase by all of the
  Founders under the Earn-In Agreements is 100
000. On February 12
 2009
 each
  Founder and the Shareholder entered into the First Amendment to amend the
  definition of the first condition. As a result
 pursuant to the First
  Amendment
 in order to satisfy the first condition for each Founder
 only Ms.
  Lianyun Han needs to enter into a binding employment agreement with
  Heilongjiang Shuaiyi within six months after the date of the Share Exchange
  Agreement. 





  
 2011
 Heilongjiang Shuaiyi entered into an asset transfer
  agreement
 or the Transfer Agreement
 with Ms. Han. Pursuant to the Transfer
  Agreement
 Heilongjiang Shuiayi acquired an office building located at 54-1
  Ganshui Road
 Xiangfang District
 Harbin
 with a construction area of 1854.1
  square meters
 from Ms. Han at a cash consideration of RMB 12.75 million
  (approximately $1.95 million including other incidental costs)
 which was
  fully paid in April 2011. The purchase price was determined based on a real
  property valuation report issued by an independent appraisal firm
 Harbin
  Guoxin Real Estate Appraisal and Consulting Co.
 Limited on November 11
 2010
  and reflected approximately equal valuation which Ms. Han originally paid when
  she acquired such property for the Company. Management believes the terms of
  the purchase transaction and the consideration that the Company paid in
  connection with this transaction were comparable to the terms available and
  the amounts that would be paid in an arm&#146;s-length transaction.
  
  
  
 2011
 Heilongjiang Shuaiyi entered into a loan agreement with
  its wholly-owned subsidiary
 Daqing Shuaiyi
 pursuant to which Heilongjiang
  Shuaiyi agreed to loan RMB 9.5 million (approximately $1.5 million) to Daqing
  Shuiayi. The loan is non-interest bearing and unsecured. Daqing Shuaiyi is
  obligated under the loan agreement to pay off RMB 1.9 million (approximately
  $0.3 million) by May 31 each year starting from 2012. The loan matures on May
  31
 2016. 

 none of our
directors
 director nominees or executive officers has been involved in any
transactions with us or any of our directors
 executive officers
 affiliates or
associates which are required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules and
regulations of the SEC. 


fiscal years. 


 Ltd. currently
owns 35.79% of Nutrastar International Inc. 


 Jr.
 Henry Ngan
 Virginia P&#146;an and Jianbing
Zhong
 each serves on our Board of Directors as an &#147;independent director&#148; as
defined by Rule 5605(a)(2) of Listing Rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market
 Inc.
(the &#147;Nasdaq Listing Rules&#148;). Our Board of Directors currently has three
standing committees which perform various duties on behalf of and report to the
board of directors: (i) audit committee
 (ii) compensation committee and (iii)
governance and nominating committee. Each of the three standing committees is
comprised entirely of Henry Ngan
 Virginia P&#146;an and Jianbing Zhong. 




ITEM 14.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING
FEES AND SERVICES. 


the Company for professional audit services rendered by the Company&#146;s
independent public accountants
 Crowe Horwath (HK) CPA Limited. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    




    




    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    


    
    

    





    








style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    

      accrued for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual
      financial statements and the reviews of the financial statements included
      in our Forms 10-Q and for any other services that were normally provided
      in connection with our statutory and regulatory filings or
    engagements.
  
    
    
  
    
    

      billed for professional services rendered for assurance and related
      services that were reasonably related to the performance of the audit or
      review of our financial statements and were not otherwise included in
      Audit Fees.


 all audit and non-audit
services performed by our auditors must be approved in advance by our Board of
Directors or the Audit Committee to assure that such services do not impair the
auditors&#146; independence from us. In accordance with its policies and procedures
our Board of Directors pre-approved the audit services performed by our
independent public accountants for our consolidated financial statements as of
and for the year ended December 31
 2014. Our Board of Directors delegated its
pre-approval authority regarding the non-audited services to its Chair. The
Chair of our Board of Directors pre-approved the non-audit services performed by
our independent public accountants for our consolidated financial statements as
of and for the year ended December 31
 2014. 

ITEM 15.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL
STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 


annual report on Form 10-K. Financial statement schedules have been omitted
since they are either not required
 not applicable
 or the information is
otherwise included. 


incorporated by reference: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    


  
    
    
    

    
    


      the Nevada Secretary of State on May 19
 2009 [Incorporated by reference
      to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May
      26
 2009]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


      of State on January 11
 2010 [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to
      the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 14
 2010].
    
  
    
    
    


    
    


      as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada
 May 27
 2010
      [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report
      on Form 8-K filed on June 3
 2010]. 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    



    
    
    

    
    


 adopted October 5
 2010
      [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report
      on Form 8-K filed on October 8
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


 dated April 10
 2006
      between Runjiao Wang and Daqing Shuaiyi Biotech Co.
 Ltd. (English
      Translation) [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company&#146;s
      Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 31
 2008]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


      Ltd. Employment Agreement. (English Translation) [Incorporated by
      reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K
      filed on December 31
 2008]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


 dated August
      18
 2009
 between Heilongjiang Shuaiyi New Energy Development Co.
 Ltd.
      and Hongbing Hua [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
      Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 21
 2009]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


 2012)
      [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report
      on Form 8-K filed on July 27
 2012]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


 dated May 27
      2010
 by and among the Company and the investors named therein
      [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report
      on Form 8-K filed on June 3
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


 by and between the Company and
      Robert Tick
 dated July 16
 2010 [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
      10.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 20
 2010].
      
  
    
    
    


    
    


 by and between the Company and
      Robert Tick
 dated July 16
 2010 [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
      10.2 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 20
 2010].
      
  
    
    
    


    
    


 by and between the
      Company and Robert Tick
 dated July 16
 2010 [Incorporated by reference to
      Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 20
      2010]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


 dated October 5
 2010
 by
      and between the Company and Henry Ngan [Incorporated by reference to
      Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October
      8
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


 dated October 5
 2010
 by
      and between the Company and Virginia P&#146;an [Incorporated by reference to
      Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October
      8
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


 dated October 5
 2010
 by
      and between the Company and Jianbing Zhong [Incorporated by reference to
      Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October
      8
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


 dated October 5
 2010
 by and
      between the Company and Henry Ngan [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
      10.4 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 8
      2010]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


 dated October 5
 2010
 by and
      between the Company and Virginia P&#146;an [Incorporated by reference to
      Exhibit 10.5 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October
      8
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


 dated October 5
 2010
 by and
      between the Company and Jianbing Zhong [Incorporated by reference to
      Exhibit 10.6 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October
      8
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


 dated October 5
      2010
 by and between the Company and Henry Ngan [Incorporated by reference
      to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
      October 8
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


 dated October 5
      2010
 by and between the Company and Virginia P&#146;an [Incorporated by
      reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K
      filed on October 8
 2010]. 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


  
    
    
    


      
    


 dated October 5
      2010
 by and between the Company and Jianbing Zhong [Incorporated by
      reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K
      filed on October 8
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    



      
    


 dated October 5
 2010
 by and
      between the Company and Robert Tick [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
      10.10 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 8
      2010]. 
  
    
    
    



      
    


 by and
      between New Resources and the Founders
 dated October 22
 2010
      [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report
      on Form 8-K filed on October 28
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    



      
    


 by
      and between Harbin Baixin and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 dated October 22
 2010
      [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#146;s Current Report
      on Form 8-K filed on October 28
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    



      
    


      Agreement
 by and among Harbin Baixin
 the Founders and Heilongjiang
      Shuaiyi
 dated October 22
 2010 [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3
      to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 28
 2010].      
  
    
    
    



      
    


 by
      and among Harbin Baixin
 the Founders and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 dated
      October 22
 2010 [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the
  Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 28
 2010].
  
    
    
    



      
    


 by and
      among Harbin Baixin
 the Founders and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 dated October
      22
 2010 [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company&#146;s
      Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 28
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    



      
    


 dated
      January 24
 2011
 by and between the Company and Robert Tick [Incorporated
      by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K
      filed on January 28
 2011]. 
  
    
    
    



      
    


 dated May 1
 2010
 between Qingling
      Zhang and Xinjun Li (English Translation) [Incorporated by reference to
      Exhibit 10.47 to the Company&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March
      29
 2011]. 
  
    
    
    



      
    


 by and between Heilongjiang
      Shuaiyi New Energy Development Co.
 Ltd. and Lianyun Han
 dated April 15
      2011 [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Quarterly
      Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 12
 2011]. 
  
    
    
    



      
    


      dated August 24
 2011
 by and between the Company and ARC China Investment
      Funds [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Current
      Report on Form 8-K filed on August 25
 2011]. 
  
    
    
    



      
    


 dated August 24
 2011
 by and between
      the Company and ARC China Investment Funds [Incorporated by reference to
      Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August
      25
 2011]. 
  
    
    
    



      
    


 dated November 26
 2012
      by and between the Company and Mr. Fearon. [Incorporated by reference to
      Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November
      29
 2012]. 
  
    
    
    



      
    


 dated November 26
 2012
 by
      and between the Company and Mr. Fearon. [Incorporated by reference to
      Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November
      29
 2012]. 
  
    
    
    



      
    


 dated November 26
      2012
 by and between the Company and Mr. Fearon. [Incorporated by
      reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K
      filed on November 29
 2012]. 
  
    
    
    

  
    
    
Amendment No. 2 to the Employee Labor Agreement
 dated  August 8
 2013 
 by and between the Company and Robert Tick [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 12
 2013] 

  
    
    
    

  
    
    
Amendment No. 3 to the Employee Labor Agreement
 dated  August 12
 2014  
 by and between the Company and Robert Tick [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 13
 2014]

  
    
    
    



      
    


 adopted October 5
      2010 [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Company&#146;s Current
      Report on Form 8-K filed on October 8
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    



      
    


      Exhibit 21 to the Company&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 29
      2011] 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    



    
    
    

    
    
Consent of Crowe Horwath (HK)
      CPA Limited
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.* 

  
    
    
    

    
    
Certifications of Chief
      Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
      2002. * 

  
    
    
    

    
    
Certifications of Chief
      Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
      2002. * 
  
    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Chief
      Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
      2002. * 
  
    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Chief
      Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
      2002. * 
  
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

      Document 

    
    

      Linkbase Document 

    
    

      Linkbase Document 

    
    

      Linkbase Document 

    
    

      Linkbase Document 







Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereto duly authorized . 

 2015 
NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL
INC.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    



    
    
    

    
    
    
  
    
    
    

    
    



    
    
    

    
    

  

 this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    





    
  
    
    
    
    



    

 Chief Executive Officer and


 2015 

    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    



    

 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer


 2015 

    
    


    
  
    
    
    
    



    
    

 2015 

    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    



    
    

 2015 



    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

 2015 

    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    



    
    

 2015 

    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    



    
    

 2015 

    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    



    
    

 2015 

    
    
    
    




NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
  
    
    



      of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 


      
  
    
    



      Balance Sheets 


      
  
    
    



      Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 


      
  
    
    



      Statements of Stockholders&#146; Equity 


      
  
    
    



      Statements of Cash Flows 


      
  
    
    



      to Consolidated Financial Statements 


      &#150; F-37 






Nutrastar
International Inc. 

Nutrastar International Inc. (&#147;Company&#148;) and subsidiaries as of December 31
2014 and 2013 and the related consolidated statements of income and
comprehensive income
 stockholders&#146; equity and cash flows for each of the two
years in the period ended December 31
 2014. These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company&#146;s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 

Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform an audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company
is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of the
Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included
consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for
designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not
for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#146;s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such
opinion. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the
amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 the consolidated financial statements referred
to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated financial
position of the Company and subsidiaries as of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 and
the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for each of the two
years in the period ended December 31
 2014
 in conformity with U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles. 

 the consolidated financial statements
were prepared in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting
Standard Codification (ASC) Topic 810 and related subtopics related to the
consolidation of variable interest entities. 
Hong Kong
 China

 2015 




NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
(AMOUNTS EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 



    


December 31

    


    




    




    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    








542







599





    
    


    
    


    


    














    




489

    




300

    







760






647





    
    
    
    
    
    
    













107






 plant and equipment





424

    




481

    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    




799
096
    




236
953
    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    


    




    




    
    


    
    

167

    


    



748






879





    
    


    
    


    




















    




940

    




051

    








940







051





    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


    




    





 $0.001 par value
 1
000
000
      shares authorized
 77
776 shares&nbsp;and 110
066
      shares issued and outstanding
 respectively;
      aggregate&nbsp;liquidation
      preference amount: $2
177
728 and $3
081
848
 plus
      accrued&nbsp;but unpaid
      dividend of $690
662 and $738
903
 at December 31
 2014 and 2013

    

773

    
    

510

    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 $0.001 par value
 190
000
000
      shares authorized
 16
953
541 shares issued and 16
909
986 shares
      outstanding at December 31
 2014; 16
421
161 shares
      issued&nbsp;and 16
377
606
      shares outstanding at December 31

    


    
    


    


    
    

122

    
    

934

    


    



989






983






 at cost
 43
555 shares as of
      December 31

    


    
    


    


    



783






242





    




251

    




576

    








858







185



  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


Total
      liabilities and stockholders' equity




799
096






236
953









CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    


Year Ended December 31

    

    




    




    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




328
218






348
989


  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




315

    




633

  
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    



012






715



  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    



467

    



848

  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    



376

    



216

  







    





    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




168

    




585

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    













    
    


    
    


    





    




    



    





    





    

















  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    



589






982



  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




870

    




812

  
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




719
774






170
370


  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    




    



    





    




109

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




395
112
    




279
855
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    













    




    




    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




827







949




    




699

    




089









NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
(AMOUNTS EXPRESSED IN US
DOLLARS) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


of
      Shares 
    




    




    




    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    




    




    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    









    

577






863



    




    

029



    


    
    

960



    

325



    

467



    

297




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

170

    
    
    
    
    

170

    





    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    





109






109




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    




    










    










    




    




    




    









    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    





    




    




    




    




    




    












    


    




    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    





    




    




    




    










    




    




    




    











    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
































    






























  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    









    

510






377



    




    

934



    


    
    

983



    

242



    

576



    

185




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

719

    
    
    
    
    

719

    





    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    






    




  

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    




    










    










    




    




    




    









    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    





    




    




    




    




    




    












    


    




    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    





    




    




    




    










    




    




    




    











    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
































    






























  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    














773







909














122








    




989







783







251







858








NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

(AMOUNTS
EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS) 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    


Year Ended December 31

    

    




    




    





    




    



    
    

719

    
    

170

    





    




    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    






485






473




    
    


    
    


    
















    
    
    
    
    
    
    







    









    


    
    


    







    







    
    
    
    
    
    
    







    


    





    


    
    


    








    





  







203

    




306

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    






















    





    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    





    




719

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
23
943
378
    
    
27
072
653
    


 at





599







526



  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
      at the end of the period




542
564






599
186


  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    




    





    


    
    


    


















    


    
    


    
















    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




970







683








NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 
NOTE
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND ORGANIZATION

incorporated in the State of Nevada on December 22
 2002. On December 23
 2008
the Company completed a reverse acquisition with New Zealand WAYNE&#146;S New
Resources Development Co.
 Ltd. (&#147;New Resources&#148;). As a result of the reverse
acquisition with New Resources
 the Company is no longer a shell company and
active business operations have been revived. Nutrastar together with its
subsidiaries and affiliates as described below are referred to as the &#147;Company&#148;.


 2009
 the Company filed Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation with the State of Nevada to amend the Company&#146;s
Articles of Incorporation to
 among other things
 (1) change the name of the
Company from &#147;YzApp International Inc.&#148; to &#147;Shuaiyi International New Resources
Development Inc.
&#148; (2) increase the total number of shares of common stock that
the Company has the authority to issue from 50
000
000 to 190
000
000 shares and
(3) effect a one for 114.59 reverse split of the Company&#146;s outstanding common
stock. 

 2010
 the Company filed a Certificate of
Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation with the State of Nevada
 pursuant to
which the Company further changed its name from Shuaiyi International New
Resources Development Inc. to Nutrastar International Inc. 

 2010
 New Resources
 a wholly-owned British
Virgin Islands subsidiary of the Company
 entered into an equity transfer
agreement with the original founders of Heilongjiang Shuaiyi (the &#147;Shuaiyi
Founders&#148;)
 pursuant to which New Resources transferred all of its equity
interests in Heilongjiang Shuaiyi New Energy Development Co.
 Ltd.
(&#147;Heilongjiang Shuaiyi&#148;)
 a then wholly-owned Chinese subsidiary of New
Resources
 to the Shuaiyi Founders (the &#147;Equity Transfer&#148;). 

 the Shuaiyi Founders
the Company&#146;s indirectly wholly-owned Chinese subsidiary incorporated on July
13
 2010
 Harbin Baixin Biotech Development Co.
 Ltd. (&#147;Harbin Baixin&#148;) and
Heilongjiang Shuaiyi entered into the following commercial arrangements (the
&#147;Contractual Arrangement&#148; and together with the Equity Transfer
 the
&#147;Restructuring&#148;)
 pursuant to which the Company has contractual rights to
control and operate the businesses of Heilongjiang Shuaiyi and Heilongjiang
Shuaiyi's two wholly-owned Chinese subsidiaries
 Daqing Shuaiyi Biotech Co.
Ltd. (&#147;Daqing Shuaiyi&#148;) and Harbin Shuaiyi Green &amp; Specialty Food Trading
LLC (&#147;Harbin Shuaiyi&#148; and together with Heilongjiang Shuaiyi and Daqing Shuaiyi
the &#147;VIEs&#148;): 
Pursuant to a technical
service agreement
 entered into by and between Harbin Baixin and Heilongjiang
Shuaiyi
 Harbin Baixin will provide certain exclusive technical services to
Heilongjiang Shuaiyi in exchange for the payment by Heilongjiang Shuaiyi of a
service fee that is calculated based on the market price in light of the
particulars of the service and the time of such service provided by Harbin
Baixin (the &#147;Service Agreement&#148;); 
Pursuant to an exclusive
purchase option agreement
 entered into by and among Harbin Baixin
 the Shuaiyi
Founders and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 the Shuaiyi Founders granted to Harbin Baixin
an option to purchase at any time during the term of this agreement
 all or part
of the equity interests in Heilongjiang Shuaiyi (the &#147;Equity Interests&#148;)
 at the
exercise price equal to the lowest possible price permitted by Chinese laws (the
&#147;Option Agreement&#148;); 




NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 
NOTE
1&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

Pursuant to a voting
rights proxy agreement
 entered into by and among Harbin Baixin
 the Shuaiyi
Founders and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 each of the Shuaiyi Founders irrevocably
entrusted Harbin Baixin and any entities or individuals designated by Harbin
Baixin to
 among others
 exercise its voting rights and other rights as a
shareholder of Heilongjiang Shuaiyi (the &#147;Voting Rights Agreement&#148;); and 
Pursuant to an equity pledge
agreement
 entered into by and among Harbin Baixin
 the Shuaiyi Founders and
Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 the Founders pledged all of the Equity Interests to Harbin
Baixin to secure the full and complete performance of the obligations and
liabilities on the part of the Shuaiyi Founders and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi under
this and above contractual arrangements (the &#147;Pledge Agreement&#148; and together
with the Service Agreement
 the Option Agreement
 the Voting Rights Agreement
and the Equity Transfer Agreement
 the &#147;Restructuring Documents&#148;).


 the Company transferred all
of its indirect equity interests in Heilongjiang Shuaiyi back to the Shuaiyi
Founders
 among whom
 Ms. Lianyun Han became a majority shareholder of
Heilongjiang Shuaiyi by owning a 68.3% equity interest in Heilongjiang Shuaiyi.
At the same time
 through the above contractual agreement
 the Company maintains
substantial control over the VIEs&#146; daily operations and financial affairs
election of their senior executives and all matters requiring shareholder
approval. As the primary beneficiary of the VIEs
 the Company is entitled to
consolidate the financial results of the VIEs in its own consolidated financial
statements under Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standard
Codification (ASC) Topic 810 and related subtopics related to the consolidation
of variable interest entities (collectively
 &#147;ASC Topic 810&#148;). 




NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 
NOTE
1&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND ORGANIZATION (CONTINUED) 

 2014
 details of the subsidiaries and
affiliates of the Company are as follows: 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
of
      incorporation
    


    


    


  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    


    


    


    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


      Development Co.
 Ltd 



      
 2008 



000 


    



      subsidiaries 
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


      



 
 2010
    


    


    



      Baixin 
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 Ltd

    

      (&#147;PRC&#148;)
 

    

000

    
    
    

      Chinese Golden Grass) cultivation technology research and development
      services and Cordyceps Militaris products wholesale 
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    


    


    


    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


      Co.

    



    

000

    
    
    

      investment and property holding 
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


      
    

 

    

000

    
    
    

      Militaris
 which is widely used for Chinese medicine
 and functional
      health beverages 
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


      Trading LLC.
    

 

    

500

    
    
    

      food products 




NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 
NOTE
2&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICES 
These consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 
The accompanying
consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of Nutrastar
and its wholly-owned subsidiaries
 New Resources
 Oriental Global and Harbin Baixin
 and its VIEs Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi.
All significant inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated on
consolidation. 

Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi and based on the result of the
evaluation
 believes that these entities are variable interest entities and that
it is the primary beneficiary of these entities. Consequently
 the Company has
included the results of operations of these variable interest entities in the
consolidated financial statements. The Company&#146;s relationships with Heilongjiang
Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi are governed by a series of
contractual arrangements. Under PRC laws
 Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi
and Harbin Shuaiyi are independent legal persons and none of them is exposed to
liabilities incurred by the other parties. 

 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin
Shuaiyi are consolidated in the accompanying financial statements pursuant to
the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standard Codification (ASC)
Topic 810 and related subtopics related to the consolidation of variable
interest entities. The Company does not have any non-controlling interests in
net income and accordingly
 did not subtract any net income in calculating the
net income attributable to the Company. Because of the contractual arrangements
the Company had a pecuniary interest in the VIEs that require consolidation of
the Company&#146;s and the VIEs&#146; financial statements. 
The preparation of these
consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles requires the Company to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the related
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of these
consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and
expenses during the reporting period. The Company bases its estimates on
historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be
reasonable under the circumstances. Accordingly
 actual results may differ from
these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Significant estimates
for the year ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 include the useful lives of
property and equipment and intangible assets
 assumptions used in assessing
impairment for long-term assets and the fair values of share-based payments.

Cash and cash
equivalents consist of all cash balances and highly liquid investments with an
original maturity of three months or less. Because of the short maturity of
these investments
 the carrying amounts approximate their fair value. 
Accounts receivable is
stated at cost
 net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company maintains
allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the failure
of customers to make required payments. The Company reviews the accounts
receivable on a periodic basis and provides allowances where there is doubt as
to the collectability of individual balances. In evaluating the collectability
of individual receivable balances
 the Company considers many factors
 including
the age of the balance
 the customer&#146;s payment history
 its current
credit-worthiness and current economic trends. 




NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 
NOTE
2&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICES (CONTINUED) 
Inventories are stated at the
lower of cost
 determined on a weighted average basis
 or market. Costs of
inventories include purchase and related costs incurred in bringing the products
to their present location and condition. Market value is determined by reference
to selling prices after the balance sheet date or to management&#146;s estimates
based on prevailing market conditions. Management will write down the
inventories to market value if it is below cost. Management also regularly
evaluates the composition of its inventories to identify slow-moving and
obsolete inventories to determine if a valuation allowance is required. 
The
Company evaluates all its financial instruments to determine if such instruments
are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For
derivative instruments that are accounted for as liabilities
 the derivative
instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and is then revalued at each
reporting date
 with changes in the fair value reported in the consolidated
statements of income. For stock-based derivative financial instruments
 the
Company uses Monte-Carlo simulation methods to value the derivative instruments
at inception and on subsequent valuation dates. 
Property
Property
 plant
and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated
impairment losses
 if any. Gains or losses on disposals are reflected as gain or
loss in the year of disposal. The cost of improvements that extend the life of
property
 plant and equipment are capitalized. These capitalized costs may
include structural improvements
 equipment and fixtures. All ordinary repair and
maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. 

the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets as
follows: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

    



    
    

    
    

    


The Company&#146;s intangible
assets include a ten-year exclusive right to use a proprietary process and
computer software. The Company&#146;s amortization policy on intangible assets is as
follows: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

    



    
    

    
    

ASC Subtopic 350-30
 &#147;General Intangibles Other Than Goodwill&#148;. Under ASC
350-30-35
 intangibles with definite lives continue to be amortized on a
straight-line basis over the lesser of their estimated useful lives or
contractual terms. Under FASB ASU No.2012-02 Intangible-Goodwill and Other
(Topic 350)
 the Company assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is
necessary to perform a quantitative impairment test. The Company would not be
required to calculate the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset
unless the Company determines
 based on a qualitative assessment
 that it is not
more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If the
qualitative assessment fails
 intangibles with indefinite lives are further
evaluated quantitatively for impairment by comparing the asset&#146;s estimated fair
value with its carrying value
 based on cash flow valuation methodology. 




NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 
NOTE
2&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICES (CONTINUED) 
The Company
reviews and evaluates its long-lived assets for impairment when events or
changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts may not be
recoverable. An impairment is considered to exist if the total estimated future
cash flows on an undiscounted basis are less than the carrying amount of the
assets
 including goodwill
 if any. An impairment loss is measured and recorded
based on discounted estimated future cash flows. In estimating future cash
flows
 assets are grouped at the lowest level for which there is identifiable
cash flows that are largely independent of future cash flows from other asset
groups. 
Revenue is recognized
when the following four revenue criteria are met: persuasive evidence of an
arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 the selling price is fixed or
determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. 

related taxes
 sales discounts and returns at the time when the merchandise is
delivered to the customer. Based on historical experience
 management estimates
that sales returns are immaterial and has not recorded an allowance for
estimated sales returns. 
The Company accounts for
share-based compensation awards to employees in accordance with FASB ASC Topic
718
 &#147;Compensation &#150; Stock Compensation&#148;
 which requires that share-based
payment transactions with employees be measured based on the grant-date fair
value of the equity instrument issued and recognized as compensation expense
over the requisite service period. 

non-employees in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718 and FASB ASC Subtopic
505-50
 &#147;Equity-Based Payments to Non-employees&#148;. Under FASB ASC Topic 718 and
FASB ASC Subtopic 505-50
 stock compensation granted to non-employees has been
determined as the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of
equity instrument issued
 whichever is more reliably measured and is recognized
as expenses as the goods or services are received. 
The Company is subject to income
taxes in the United States and other foreign jurisdictions where it operates.
The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 740
&#147;Income Taxes&#148;. FASB ASC Topic 740 requires an asset and liability approach for
financial accounting and reporting for income taxes and allows recognition and
measurement of deferred tax assets based upon the likelihood of realization of
tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach
 deferred
taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and
the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for
deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire
before the Company is able to realize their benefits
 or that future
deductibility is uncertain. 

the Internal Revenue Service (&#147;IRS&#148;) and other tax authorities in the locations
where it operates. The Company assesses potentially unfavorable outcomes of such
examinations based on the criteria of FASB ASC 740-10-25-5 through 740-10-25-7
and 740-10-25-13 (formerly FASB Interpretation No. 48 (&#147;FIN 48&#148;) &#147;Accounting for
Uncertainty in Income Taxes&#148;). The interpretation prescribes a
more-likely-than-not threshold for financial statement recognition and
measurement of a tax position taken (or expected to be taken) in a tax return.
This Interpretation also provides guidance on derecognition of income tax assets
and liabilities
 classification of current and deferred income tax assets and
liabilities
 accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax
positions
 accounting for income taxes in interim periods and income tax
disclosures. 




NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 
NOTE
2&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICES (CONTINUED) 
Research and
development costs are expensed as incurred
 and are charged to general and
administrative expenses. Research and development costs were $159
229 and
$173
881 for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.

The Company expenses all
advertising costs as incurred. Advertising costs charged to selling expenses
were nil and $10
437 for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
respectively. 
Substantially all
costs of shipping and handling of products to customers are included in selling
expense. Shipping and handling costs for the years ended December 31
 2014 and
2013 were insignificant. 
FASB ASC Topic 220
&#147;Comprehensive Income&#148;
 establishes standards for reporting and displaying
comprehensive income and its components in the consolidated financial
statements. Accumulated other comprehensive income includes foreign currency
translation adjustments. 
The Company uses the United
States dollar (&#147;US Dollar&#148; or &#147;US$&#148; or &#147;$&#148;) for financial reporting purposes.
The PRC subsidiaries and VIEs within the Company maintain their books and
records in their functional currency
 Chinese Renminbi (&#147;RMB&#148;)
 being the lawful
currency in the PRC. Assets and liabilities of the PRC subsidiaries and VIEs are
translated from RMB into US Dollars using the applicable exchange rates
prevailing at the balance sheet date. Items on the statements of income and cash
flows are translated at average exchange rates during the reporting period.
Equity accounts are translated at historical rates. Adjustments resulting from
the translation of the Company&#146;s financial statements are recorded as
accumulated other comprehensive income. 

Dollars for the purposes of preparing the consolidated financial statements are
based on the rates as published on the website of People&#146;s Bank of China and are
as follows: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    





    





    


 except for equity

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

or could be
 converted into US Dollars at the above rates. The value of RMB
against US dollars and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by
 among
other things
 changes in China&#146;s political and economic conditions. Any
significant revaluation of RMB may materially affect the Company&#146;s financial
condition in terms of US Dollar reporting. 
The Company follows FASB
ASC Topic 280
 &#147;Segment Reporting&#148;
 which requires that companies disclose
segment data based on how management makes decisions about allocating resources
to segments and evaluating their performance. 

2014 and 2013
 it operated in three business segments &#150; growing and sales of
Cordyceps Militaris
 which is widely used for Chinese medicine; manufacturing
and sale of functional health beverages featuring the Cordyceps Militaris as a
core ingredient; and sales of organic and specialty products. The manufacturing
and sale of Cordyceps Militaris functional health beverages was launched in the
fourth quarter of 2010. 

 2014 and 2013
 all of
the Company&#146;s operations were carried out in one geographical segment - China.





NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 
NOTE
2&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICES (CONTINUED) 
The Company reports
earnings per share in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 260
Earnings per Share. FASB ASC Topic 260 requires presentation of basic and
diluted earnings per share in conjunction with the disclosure of the methodology
used in computing such earnings per share. Basic earnings per share excludes
dilution and is computed by dividing income available to common stockholders by
the weighted average common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted
earnings per share takes into account the potential dilution (using the treasury
stock method) that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common
stock were exercised and converted into common stock. 
The Company
follows FASB ASC Subtopic 450-20
 &#147;Loss Contingencies&#148; in determining its
accruals and disclosures with respect to loss contingencies. Accordingly
estimated losses from loss contingencies are accrued by a charge to income when
information available prior to issuance of the financial statements indicates
that it is probable that a liability could be incurred and the amount of the
loss can be reasonably estimated. Legal expenses associated with the contingency
are expensed as incurred. If a loss contingency is not probable or reasonably
estimable
 disclosure of the loss contingency is made in the financial
statements when it is at least reasonably possible that a material loss could be
incurred. 

In April 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-08 &#147;Presentation of
Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (Topic 360)
- Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components
of an Entity&#148;
 which changes the threshold for reporting discontinued operations
and adds new disclosures. The new guidance defines a discontinued operation as a
disposal that &#147;represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major
effect on an entity&#146;s operations and financial results.&#148; The standard is
required to be adopted by public business entities in annual periods beginning
on or after December 15
 2014
 and interim periods within those annual periods.
Entities may &#147;early adopt&#148; the guidance for new disposals. The Company is
currently evaluating the impact on its consolidated financial statements of
adopting this guidance. 

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 Revenue from
Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) which clarifies and improves the
principles for recognizing revenue and develops a common revenue standard for
United States generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP) and
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) that among other things
improves comparability of revenue recognition practices and provides more useful
information to users of financial statements through improved disclosure
requirements. The amendments in ASU 2014-09 are effective for annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that
reporting period. Early application is not permitted. The Company is currently
reviewing the impact on its consolidated financial statements of adopting this
guidance. 

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-12
 Compensation -
Stock Compensation (Topic 718) which provides explicit guidance on the
treatment of awards with performance targets that could be achieved after the
requisite service period. The amendments in ASU 2014-12 are effective for annual
periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December
15
 2015. The Company does not expect that the adoption will have a material
impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 Presentation of
Financial Statements &#150; Going Concern. This standard requires management to
evaluate for each annual and interim reporting period whether it is probable
that the reporting entity will not be able to meet its obligations as they
become due within one year after the date that the financial statements are
issued. If the entity is in such a position
 the standard provides for certain
disclosures depending on whether or not the entity will be able to successfully
mitigate its going concern status. This guideline is effective for annual
periods ending after December 15
 2016 and interim periods within annual periods
beginning after December 15
 2016. Early application is permitted. The Company
does not expect that the adoption will have a material impact on its
consolidated financial statements. 




NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
NOTE
2&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICES (CONTINUED) 


other standards-setting bodies that do not require adoption until a future date
are not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#146;s consolidated
financial statements upon adoption. 
NOTE
3&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; FAIR
VALUE MEASUREMENTS AND FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 

FASB ASC 320-12-65 (formerly SFAS No. 107
 &#147;Disclosures about Fair Value of
Financial Instruments&#148;). The estimated fair value amounts have been determined
by the Company
 using available market information or other appropriate
valuation methodologies. However
 considerable judgment is required in
interpreting market data to develop estimates of fair value. Consequently
 the
estimates are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that could be realized
or would be paid in a current market exchange. 

 Fair Value Measurement and Disclosures
 defines
fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to
transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous
market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants on the measurement date. This topic also establishes a fair value
hierarchy which requires classification based on observable and unobservable
inputs when measuring fair value. The fair value hierarchy distinguishes between
assumptions based on market data (observable inputs) and an entity&#146;s own
assumptions (unobservable inputs). The hierarchy consists of three levels: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


      assets or liabilities; 

    
    


      directly or indirectly observable; and 

    
    


      assumptions
 which are developed by the reporting entity and reflect those
      assumptions that a market participant would use. 

the hierarchy requires significant judgment. The Company evaluates its hierarchy
disclosures each quarter. The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents
trade and other receivables and payables approximate their fair values due to
the short maturities of these instruments. 

 the Company
uses Monte-Carlo simulation methods to value the derivative instruments at
inception and on subsequent valuation dates.


non-recurring basis as of December 31
 2014 and December 31
 2013. 
NOTE
4&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE
 NET 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    


December 31

    

    




    




    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    

    


    
    


    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Accounts receivable
 net





    





    

 2014 and
2013. 




NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
NOTE
5&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
INVENTORIES 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    


December 31

    

    




    




    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    

    
    


    
    


    

    





    





    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




409
    




847


NOTE
6&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES 



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    


December 31

    

    




    




    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    

470

    
    

271

    








    





    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




489
800
    




300
012
    
NOTE
7&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET 

 net consisted of the following: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    


December 31

    

    




    




    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    


    
    


    



    

904

    
    

922

    







293

    




816

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




315
    




107
737



 the Company purchased from a third party a
ten-year exclusive right to use a secret process and method in the cultivation
and growing of Cordyceps Militaris
 which is widely used for traditional Chinese
medicine
 for a cash consideration of RMB30
000
000
 payable over five years.
The exclusive right is amortized over its term of ten years using the
straight-line method. 

521 and $484
640 for the years
ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. The estimated expense of the
intangible assets over each of the next two years will be: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

421

    

    







  
    
    
    
    

    




315






NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 
NOTE
8&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 NET

 plant and equipment
 net consisted of the following:


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    


December 31

    

    




    




    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

712

    
    

783

    

    
    


    
    


    

    
    


    
    


    

    





    





    

    
    

997

    
    

069

    

    




572

    




588

    

    




424
942
    




481
249



518 and $988
856 for the years
ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 respectively. 
NOTE
9&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; OTHER
PAYABLES
 ACCRUALS AND TAXES PAYABLE 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    


December 31

    

    




    




    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    

086

    

    





    





    

    




290
    




167
957



 fringe
and social benefit accruals. According to the prevailing laws and regulations of
the PRC
 all eligible employees of the Company&#146;s subsidiaries and VIEs are
entitled to staff welfare benefits including medical care
 welfare subsidies
unemployment insurance and pension benefits through a PRC government-mandated
multi-employer defined contribution plan (&#147;social insurance&#148;). The Company&#146;s
subsidiaries and VIEs are required to: i) accrue the social insurance based on
certain percentages of the qualified employees&#146; salaries; and ii) make
contributions to the plans for the amounts accrued. For the past periods
 the
Company&#146;s subsidiaries and VIEs recorded the accrual amount but the actual
social insurance plan was not established to receive the contribution. The
recorded accruals for the social insurance reflected an estimate of the probable
liability incurred based on the information available at the date of each
financial statement. 

 the Company&#146;s
subsidiaries and VIEs began to contribute to the plans for all currently
eligible employees. Based on the number of the eligible employees&#146; salaries and
the prevailing laws and regulations of PRC at that time
 the Company&#146;s
subsidiaries and VIEs re-measured the liabilities incurred to be $1
042
880. As
a result
 the Company derecognized $934
855 of previously accrued staff costs
resulting in a gain on re-measurement of accrued staff fringe and social
benefits and recorded that amount in the income statement in the year 2013. No
re-measurement made for the year 2014.


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    


December 31

    

    




    




    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    

    
    

207

    
    

316

    

    





    





    

    




748
583
    




879
172
    




NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 
NOTE
10&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;STOCKHOLDERS&#146;
EQUITY 


 2009
 the Company completed a private placement
transaction and sold 1
000
000 shares of common stock to certain accredited
investors at $2.50 per share for a total of $2.5 million pursuant to a
securities purchase agreement. In addition
 the Company issued to each of the
investors two warrants to purchase in aggregate 500
000 shares of common stock
including a Series A warrant having a term of three years with an exercise price
of $3.25 per share and a Series B warrant having a term of three years with an
exercise price of $4.00 per share
 both of which are subject to the usual
adjustments for certain corporate events. 

 pursuant to the securities purchase agreement
 the
Shareholder agreed to place a total of 1
000
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common
stock held by it into escrow to secure the make good obligations described below
on behalf of the investors. Under the securities purchase agreement
 the
Shareholder agreed that: (i) in the event that the Company&#146;s consolidated
financial statements reflect less than $9
000
000 of after-tax income for the
fiscal year ended December 31
 2010
 it would transfer to the investors
 on a
pro rata basis
 for no additional consideration
 500
000 shares of common stock
owned by it; and (ii) in the event that the Company&#146;s consolidated financial
statements reflect less than $11
000
000 of after-tax net income for the fiscal
year ending December 31
 2011
 it would transfer to the investors
 on a pro rata
basis
 for no additional consideration
 500
000 shares of common stock owned by
it. The Company achieved the 2011 and 2010 performance threshold and no escrow
shares had been transferred to the investors. 

 2010
 the Company entered into a securities purchase
agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement) with certain investors
 pursuant
to which
 the Company agreed to issue and sell up to an aggregate of 250
000
units at a purchase price of $28.56 per unit
 for an aggregate purchase price of
up to $7
140
000 (the Aggregate Purchase Price). Each unit consists of (i) one
share of a newly designated series A preferred stock
 (Series A Preferred
Stock)
 with an initial one-to-ten conversion ratio convertible into shares of
the Company&#146;s common stock
 (Common Stock)
 and (ii) warrants to purchase five
shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $3.40 per share (Warrants
together with the shares of Series A Preferred Stock
 the Securities). In
addition
 the Company and the investors agreed
 that the placement agent of this
transaction
 will receive from the investors a fee equal to 2% of the Aggregate
Purchase Price and Warrants to purchase 2% of the aggregate number of shares of
Common Stock that shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be issued under the
Securities Purchase Agreement are convertible into. 

 the Company also
granted registration rights to holders of registrable securities
 which include
shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon conversion of shares of the
Series A Preferred Stock and shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of
the Warrants (the Registrable Securities). Holders holding a majority of the
Securities then outstanding may request the Company to file a registration
statement to register the Registrable Securities within a pre-defined period
(the Registration Statement). The Company may be subject to liquidated damages
in the amounts prescribed by the Securities Purchase Agreement if it is unable
to file the Registration Statement timely or maintain its effectiveness as
required by the Securities Purchase Agreement. 

 2010
 the Company effected the first closing of a
private placement transaction and issued approximately 123
403 units at a
purchase price of $28.56 per unit for gross proceeds of $3
524
342. 

 2010
 the Company effected the second closing of a
private placement transaction and issued approximately 74
303 units at a
purchase price of $28.56 per unit for gross proceeds of $2
121
938. 




NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 
NOTE
10&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;STOCKHOLDERS&#146;
EQUITY (CONTINUED) 


the amount allocated to the convertible Series A Preferred Stock
 and the
effective conversion price has been used
 to measure the intrinsic value
 if
any
 of the embedded conversion option. The fair value of the embedded
conversion features of the Series A Preferred Stock of $1
143
198 and $644
532
were calculated using the intrinsic value model in accordance with the guidance
provided in ASC Topic 470-20-30-6 (formerly EITF 00-27
 &#147;Application of Issue
No. 98-5 to Certain Convertible Instruments&#148;) and limited to the amount of the
proceeds allocated to the convertible instrument on June 7
 2010 and June 28
2010
 respectively. The intrinsic value of the beneficial conversion feature was
calculated by comparing the effective conversion price
 which was determined
based on the proceeds from the private placement allocated to the convertible
Series A Preferred Stock
 and the market price of the Company&#146;s common stock of
$3.20 and $3.16 on June 7
 2010 and June 28
 2010
 respectively. The fair value
of $1
143
198 and $644
532 of the beneficial conversion feature has been
recognized as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible Series A
Preferred Stock and an addition to paid-in capital. 

from the Private Placement: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 



      7

    

524

    
  
    
    
    
    



    


    
  
    
    
    
    



    

143

    
  
    
    
    
    







143



  
    
    
    
    


      of fees and expenses) at December 31

    

805

    
  
    
    
    
    










  
    
    
    
    


      December 31

    

720

    
  
    
    
    
    










  
    
    
    
    


      December 31

    

030

    
  
    
    
    
    










  
    
    
    
    


      December 31





521
171






NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 
NOTE
10&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; STOCKHOLDERS&#146;
EQUITY (CONTINUED) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


Allocation of Proceeds in the Private
      Placement (continued)
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    


      28

    

121

    
  
    
    
    
    



    


    
  
    
    
    
    



    


    
  
    
    
    
    










  
    
    
    
    


      of fees and expenses) at December 31

    

703

    
  
    
    
    
    







052



  
    
    
    
    


      December 31

    


    
  
    
    
    
    










  
    
    
    
    


      December 31

    


    
  
    
    
    
    










  
    
    
    
    


      December 31

    


    
  
    
    
    
    










  
    
    
    
    


      December 31





601






NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 
NOTE
10&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;STOCKHOLDERS&#146;
EQUITY (CONTINUED) 
Allocation of Proceeds in the Private Placement (continued)


 the discount on the
Series A Preferred Stock resulting from the accounting for a beneficial
conversion feature was amortized and charged to retained earnings
 because the
Series A Preferred Stock is immediately convertible upon issuance and has no
stated redemption date. Amortization of the discount resulting from the
accounting for a beneficial conversion feature is considered analogous to a
return to holders of perpetual preferred stock and has been accounted for as a
reduction to net income available to common stockholders for the purpose of
calculation of earnings per share. 


 without further action
by the shareholders
 to issue
 from time to time
 up to 1
000
000 shares of
preferred stock in one or more classes or series. Similarly
 the Board is
authorized to fix or alter the designations
 powers
 preferences and the number
of shares which constitute each such class or series of preferred stock. Such
designations
 powers or preferences may include
 without limitation
 dividend
rights (and whether dividends are cumulative)
 conversion rights
 if any
 voting
rights (including the number of votes
 if any
 per share)
 redemption rights
(including sinking fund provisions
 if any)
 and liquidation preferences of any
unissued shares or wholly unissued series of preferred stock. 

 2010
 the Company created
 from the authorized but
unissued shares of its preferred stock
 a series of preferred stock consisting
of 300
000 shares and has designated this series of preferred stock as the
Series A Preferred Stock of which the Company issued 197
706 shares upon the
closings of the private placement in 2010. 

Stock: 

Company&#146;s common stock
 but junior to all indebtedness of the Company. 

to a cumulative dividend at an annual rate of 6% of the Series A Preferred
Stock
 payable in additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock
 compounded
quarterly
 and payable upon the occurrence of a Liquidation Event
 Conversion
Mandatory Conversion or from time-to-time at the discretion of the Board. When
dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock are paid
 each such additional share
of Series A Preferred Stock shall be valued at the Original Series A Purchase
Price
 which may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to a split
 subdivision
combination or other similar events. 

optionally convertible into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock
at a conversion rate calculated by dividing (i) $28.00 per share plus any
declared
 accrued but unpaid dividends by (ii) the conversion price (the
&#147;Conversion Price&#148;)
 which is initially $2.80 per share
 subject to adjustment
as provided in the Certificate. Initially
 each share of Series A Preferred
Stock is convertible into 10 shares of Common Stock. 

Preferred Stock will automatically convert to shares of Common Stock
 subject to
the conversion restrictions set forth in the Certificate of Designation (the
Mandatory Conversion)
 at the earlier to occur of (i) the Company&#146;s shares of
Common Stock are listed on the New York Stock Exchange
 the NYSE Amex
 the
NASDAQ Global Market
 the NASDAQ Global Select Market or the NASDAQ Capital
Market (each
 a National Stock Exchange) and the registration statement on
Form S-1 or such other appropriate form promulgated by the SEC registering the
Common Stock underlying the Securities pursuant to the Securities Purchase
Agreement is declared effective by the Commission
 and (ii) 12 months from the
date that the Company's shares of Common Stock are first listed on a National
Stock Exchange. 




NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 
NOTE
10&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;STOCKHOLDERS&#146;
EQUITY (CONTINUED) 


additional stock without consideration or for consideration per share less than
the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to the issuance of such
additional stock
 then such Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such
issuance shall be adjusted to a price determined by multiplying such Conversion
Price by a fraction: 

immediately prior to the issuance of such additional stock plus (y) the number
of shares of Common Stock that the aggregate consideration received by the
Company for the total number of such additional stock so issued would purchase
at Conversion Price (divided by) (x) the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately prior to the issuance of such additional stock plus (y)
the number of shares of such additional stock so issued. 

on an as converted basis
 together with the Common Stock
 as a single class
in connection with any proposal submitted to the Company&#146;s stockholders
 except
as required by Nevada law. 

preference over the Company&#146;s common stock on the Company&#146;s liquidation
dissolution or winding up equal to $28 per share of the Series A Preferred Stock
plus any accrued but unpaid dividends thereon
 as of the date of liquidation.


have the right to request the Company to file a Registration Statement to
register &#147;Registrable Securities&#148; (which include the common stock into which the
Series A Preferred Stock and Warrants are convertible). Upon such request
 no
later than 30 days upon receipt of such request (the &#147;Required Filing Date&#148;) the
Company should use its commercially reasonable efforts to register the Common
Stock underlying the Registrable Securities and have the Registration Statement
declared effective by the SEC which is not later than the earlier of (x) 150
calendar days after the Required Filing Date
 or (y) if the Registration
Statement is not reviewed by the SEC
 5 business days after oral or written
notice to the Company or its counsel from the SEC that there will not be a
review. 

of Registration Statement &#150; the Company shall pay to each holder of Registrable
Securities an amount in cash equal to 1% of the aggregate purchase price of the
Securities owned by such holder as liquidated damages
 but in no event shall
liquidated damages exceed 8% of the Purchase Price. 


Stock and determined that the Series A Preferred Stock
 without embodying an
obligation for the Company to repurchase or to settle by transferring assets
 is
not a liability in accordance with the guidance provided in ASC Topic 480
Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 

 the Series A Preferred Stock has no redemption clause at
all
 it is not a mezzanine equity (out of permanent equity) in accordance with
the requirement of ASC 480-10-S99. 




NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 
NOTE
10&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; STOCKHOLDERS&#146;
EQUITY (CONTINUED) 


(except on liquidation) and the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are
entitled to vote together with common stock holders on an as-converted basis.
The Series A Preferred Stock
 excluding the embedded conversion option
 are
considered to be an equity instrument and accordingly
 the embedded conversion
option has not been separated and accounted for as a derivative instrument
liability. 

 2014 and 2013
 32
290 shares
and 2
944 shares of Series A Preferred Stock were converted into 322
900 shares
and 29
440 shares of common stock
 at a 1 for 10 ratio. In addition
 during the
year ended December 31
 2014
 79
480 shares and 6
840 shares of common stock
were issued to the investors as settlement of stock dividends of $222
486 and
$19
138
 respectively. 



Stock
 the Company issued Series C Warrants to the investors and the placement
agent to purchase up to 592
327 and 24
681 shares
 respectively
 of common stock
on June 7
 2010 and 356
634 and 14
859 shares
 respectively
 on June 28
 2010
respectively
 all at an exercise price of $3.40 per share issued and
outstanding. The Series C Warrants have a term of exercise expiring 3 years from
the issuance date. The Series C Warrants at the option of the holder
 may be
exercised by cash payment of the exercise price or
 the holder may acquire the
underlying shares of common stock through a cashless exercise. 

extent that the Series C Warrants are exercised by cashless exercise. 

issuable upon exercise of the Series C Warrants may be adjusted for: 1) upon
issuance of additional stock lower than the exercise price
 2) upon subdivision
or combination of common stocks; or 3) upon distribution of assets and other
dilutive events. 
Accounting for Series A
 Series B and Series C Warrants


December 17
 2009 to purchase 500
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock had a
term of three years and exercise prices of $3.25 and $4.00 per share
respectively. These warrants contain standard anti-dilution provisions for stock
dividends
 stock splits
 stock combination
 recapitalization and a change of
control transaction. Because these warrants do not contain any contingent
exercise provisions and their settlement amount will equal the difference
between the fair value of a fixed number of the Company&#146;s equity shares and a
fixed strike price
 these warrants
 which are freestanding instruments
 qualify
for the scope exception under the guidance provided in ASC 815-40-15-5 through
815-40-15-8
 and are considered indexed to the Company&#146;s own stock. Accordingly
Series A and Series B Warrants have been classified as equity. Series A and
Series B Warrants expired on December 16
 2012. 

placement agent in June 2010 contain reset exercise price provisions
 the
Company had determined to classify these warrants as derivative liabilities. The
reset exercise provisions of the warrants issued to the investors and the
placement agent in June 2010 were recorded at their relative fair values at
issuance of $1
182
860 and will continue to be recorded at fair value at each
subsequent balance sheet date. Any change in value between reporting periods
will be recorded as other income (expense). These warrants will continue to be
reported as a liability until such time when they are exercised or expire. The
fair value of these warrants is estimated using Monte-Carlo simulation methods.
Since all Series C Warrants expired on June 28
 2013
 the Company recorded nil
and $173 in other income related to the change in the fair value of the Series C
Warrants for the year ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.





NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 
NOTE
11&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;STATUTORY
RESERVES 

 the Company&#146;s PRC
subsidiaries and VIEs are required to transfer 10% of their profits after tax
as determined in accordance with accounting standards and regulations of the
PRC
 to the statutory surplus reserve. However
 the Company&#146;s PRC subsidiaries
and VIEs are not required to transfer any profit after tax to the statutory
surplus reserve after the accumulated statutory surplus reserves reaches 50% of
registered capital of the Company&#146;s PRC subsidiaries and VIEs. The statutory
surplus reserve is non-distributable. 
NOTE
12&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;SHARE-BASED
COMPENSATION 

500
000
shares of its common stock under the 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (&#147;Plan&#148;) as
equity awards of incentive stock options
 non-statutory stock options
restricted stock
 and other equity incentives to employees
 officers
 directors
and consultants. The Plan expires in 2019 and as of December 31
 2014
 there
were 470
000 shares of common stock available for grant pursuant to the Plan.



 2010
 the Company entered into a stock option
agreement with Mr. Robert Tick (&#147;Mr. Tick&#148;)
 the Chief Financial Officer of the
Company
 under the Company&#146;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan. Pursuant to the terms
of the stock option agreement
 Mr. Tick was granted options to purchase an
aggregate of 150
000 shares of common stock of the Company
 consisting of
 an
option to purchase 75
000 shares that  vested in 2011 with an exercise price
of $5.00 per share
 and an option to purchase 75
000 shares that  vested in
2012 with an exercise price of $7.00 per share. Each of these options expires
three years after their respective vesting dates. 

 in the event Mr.
Tick&#146;s employment with the Company is terminated for any reason except for death
or disability
 he may exercise these options only to the extent that these
options would have been exercisable on the termination date and no later than
three months after the termination date. If Mr. Tick&#146;s employment is terminated
because of his death or disability
 these options may be exercised only to the
extent that these options would have been exercisable by Mr. Tick on the
termination date and must be exercised by Mr. Tick no later than twelve months
after the termination date. If the employment is terminated for cause as defined
in the stock option agreement
 these options will terminate immediately. In no
event will these options be exercised later than December 31
 2015. As of
December 31
 2014
 a total of 75
000 options granted on July 16
 2010
 which
vested on or before December 31
 2011
 had expired. 

 2011
 the Compensation Committee of the Board
approved the repricing of the options that the Company granted to Mr. Tick on
July 16
 2010. As a result
 each such option outstanding had an exercise price
of $3.50 per share which was higher than the closing price of the Company&#146;s
common stock on the OTC Bulletin Board on the date of repricing. In addition
the vesting schedules of the outstanding options granted to Mr. Tick were
changed from vesting on an annual basis to vesting on a semi-annual basis. 

 2013
 the Company entered into a stock option
agreement with Mr. Tick
 under the Company&#146;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan.
Pursuant to the terms of the stock option agreement
 Mr. Tick was granted
options to purchase an aggregate of 75
000 shares of common stock of the
Company
 consisting of
 an option to purchase 37
500 shares that  vested in
November 15
 2013 with an exercise price of $0.83 per share
 and an option to
purchase 37
500 shares that  vested in April 15
 2014 with an exercise price
of $0.83 per share. Each of these options expires three years after their
respective vesting dates. 




NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 
NOTE
12&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; SHARE-BASED
COMPENSATION (CONTINUED) 


Stock Compensation
 the compensation costs associated with these options are
recognized
 based on the grant-date fair values of these options
 over the
requisite service period
 or vesting period. Also in accordance with ASC Topic
718
 incremental compensation cost is measured as the excess
 if any
 of the
fair value of the modified award over the fair value of the original award
immediately before its terms are modified. The fair value of the option award
was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option valuation
model. The valuation was based on the assumptions noted in the following table.


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

2014 and the movements during the two years then ended are as follows: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




    




    




    




    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2014




000
    
    
    
    




000
    




    

Exercisable at December 31
 2014




000
    
    
    
    




000
    




    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    

      represents the total pre-tax intrinsic value that would have been realized
      by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options on
      December 31
 2014. The intrinsic value of a stock option is the excess of
      the Company&#146;s closing stock price on December 31
 2014 of $1.59 per share
      over the exercise price $0.83 per share
 multiplied by the number of
      shares subject to the option.

371 and $
10
179 in relation to the options granted to Mr. Tick for the years ended
December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. 




NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 
NOTE
12&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;SHARE-BASED
COMPENSATION (CONTINUED) 


 2010
 the Company also entered into a restricted
shares grant agreement (the Restricted Shares Grant Agreement) under the
Company&#146;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan with Mr. Tick. Pursuant to the terms of the
Restricted Shares Grant Agreement
 the Company granted to Mr. Tick 150
000
restricted shares (the &#147;Restricted Shares&#148;) of the Company&#146;s common stock
subject to the vesting schedule therein. If Mr. Tick&#146;s service with the Company
ceases for any reason other than Mr. Tick&#146;s (a) death
 (b) disability
 (c)
retirement
 or (d) termination by the Company without cause
 any unvested
restricted shares will be automatically forfeited to the Company. 

 2012
 the Company also entered into a
restricted shares grant agreement (the Second Restricted Shares Grant
Agreement) under the Company&#146;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan with Mr. Tick.
Pursuant to the terms of the Second Restricted Shares Grant Agreement
 the
Company granted to Mr. Tick 20
000 restricted shares (the &#147;Restricted Shares&#148;)
of the Company&#146;s common stock subject to the vesting schedule therein. If Mr.
Tick&#146;s service with the Company ceases for any reason other than Mr. Tick&#146;s (a)
death
 (b) disability
 (c) retirement
 or (d) termination by the Company without
cause
 any unvested restricted shares will be automatically forfeited to the
Company. The Second Restricted Shares vested immediately upon grant
 on November
26
 2012. 

 2013
 the Company entered into a restricted shares
grant agreement (the Third Restricted Shares Grant Agreement) under the
Company&#146;s Plan with Mr. Tick. Pursuant to the terms of the Third Restricted
Shares Grant Agreement
 the Company granted to Mr. Tick 75
000 restricted shares
(the &#147;Restricted Shares&#148;) of the Company&#146;s common stock subject to the vesting
schedule therein. If Mr. Tick&#146;s service with the Company ceases for any reason
other than Mr. Tick&#146;s (a) death
 (b) disability
 (c) retirement
 or (d)
termination by the Company without cause
 any unvested restricted shares will be
automatically forfeited to the Company. The Third Restricted Shares vested under
the following schedule: 37
500 shares vested on November 15
 2013 and 37
500
shares vested on April 15
 2014. 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    




 2010 




 2011 




 2011 




 2012 




 2012 




 2012 




 2013 




 2013 




 2014


service conditions that has a graded vesting schedule on a straight-line basis
over the requisite service period for the entire award
 provided that the
compensation cost recognized at any date must at least equal the portion of the
grant-date value of the award that is vested at that date. No compensation cost
is recognized for instruments that are forfeited by the Company because a
service condition or a performance condition is not satisfied. 

 the Company recognized compensation expense of
$25
896 and $111
771
 related to the restricted shares granted to Mr. Tick for
the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 based on the estimated
grant-date fair value of the Company&#146;s common stock of $0.83 on August 8
 2013
$1.15 on November 26
 2012 and $3.00 on July 16
 2010. 




NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 
NOTE
12&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; SHARE-BASED
COMPENSATION (CONTINUED) 


 2013
 the Company entered into a restricted
shares grant agreement (the &#147;Restricted Shares Grant Agreement&#148;) under the
Company&#146;s Plans with eight employees. Pursuant to the terms of the Restricted
Shares Grant Agreement
 the Company granted to these employees a total of
350
000 restricted shares to the Company&#146;s common stock subject to the vesting
schedule therein. If these employees&#146; service with the Company ceases for any
reason other than these employees&#146; (a) death
 (b) disability
 (c) retirement
 or
(d) termination by the Company without cause
 any unvested restricted shares
will be automatically forfeited to the Company. The Restricted Shares vested
immediately upon grant
 on November 15
 2013. The Company did not grant any
restricted shares to employees in 2014. 

service conditions that has a graded vesting schedule on a straight-line basis
over the requisite service period for the entire award
 provided that the
compensation cost recognized at any date must at least equal the portion of the
grant-date value of the award that is vested at that date. No compensation cost
is recognized for instruments that are forfeited by the Company because a
service condition or a performance condition is not satisfied. 

 the Company recognized compensation expense of
$612
500 related to the restricted shares granted to these employees for the
year ended December 31
 2013
 based on the estimated grant-date fair value of
the Company&#146;s common stock of $1.75 on November 15
 2013. 


 2010
 the Company entered into separate
restricted shares grant agreements with the Company&#146;s newly elected independent
directors Mr. Henry Ngan
 Ms. Virginia P&#146;an and Mr. Jianbing Zhong. Pursuant the
agreements
 the Company granted
 under the Company&#146;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan
to Mr. Ngan 40
000 restricted shares of the Company&#146;s common stock
 Ms. P&#146;an
30
000 restricted shares and Mr. Zhong 20
000 restricted shares
 as compensation
for the services to be provided by them as independent directors. 

 2011
 the Company entered into an independent
director contract and an indemnification agreement with Mr. Kurtzig
 whereby the
Company agreed to grant
 under the Company&#146;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan
 to Mr.
Kurtzig 20
000 restricted shares of the Company&#146;s common stock as compensation
for the services to be provided by him and indemnify Mr. Kurtzig against
expenses
 judgments
 fines
 penalties or other amounts actually and reasonably
incurred by Mr. Kurtzig in connection with any proceeding if Mr. Kurtzig acted
in good faith and in the best interests of the Company. 

 2011
 the Company entered into a restricted
shares grant agreement with Mr. Kurtzig
 whereby the Company agreed to grant
under the Company&#146;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan
 to Mr. Kurtzig 10
000 restricted
shares of the Company&#146;s common stock as compensation for the services to be
provided by him. 

 2012
 the Company entered into separate
restricted shares grant agreements with the Company&#146;s independent directors Mr.
Henry Ngan
 Ms. Virginia P&#146;an
 Mr. Jianbing Zhong and Mr. Richard E. Fearon
 Jr.
Pursuant the agreements
 the Company granted
 under the Company&#146;s 2009 Equity
Incentive Plan
 to Mr. Ngan 30
000 restricted shares of the Company&#146;s common
stock
 Ms. P&#146;an 30
000 restricted shares
 Mr. Zhong 20
000 restricted shares and
to Mr. Fearon
 Jr. 20
000 restricted shares
 as compensation for the services to
be provided by them as independent directors. 

 2014
 the Company entered into separate
restricted shares grant agreements with the Company&#146;s independent directors Mr.
Henry Ngan
 Ms. Virginia P&#146;an
 Mr. Jianbing Zhong and Mr. Richard E. Fearon
 Jr.
Pursuant to the agreements
 the Company granted
 under the Company&#146;s 2009 Equity
Incentive Plan
 40
000 restricted shares to each person
 as compensation for the
services to be provided by them as independent directors. 

vest in equal installments on a semi-annual basis over a two-year period. If the
independent director&#146;s service with the Company ceases for any reason other than
the independent director&#146;s (a) death
 (b) disability
 (c) retirement
 or (d)
termination by the Company without cause
 any unvested restricted shares will be






 2012
Mr. Kurtzig resigned as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company. As a
result
 the 5
000 unvested restricted shares have been automatically forfeited
to the Company. 

 the Company recognized a total compensation
expense of $103
818 and $66
946 related to the restricted shares granted to the
directors for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 based on
the estimated grant-date fair values of the Company&#146;s common stock of $1.15 on
November 26
 2012 and $2.05 on August 15
 2014. 


 2013
 the Company entered into an investor
relations agreement (the &#147;Agreement&#148;) under the Company&#146;s Plans with a
consultant. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement
 the Company  granted a
total of 25
000 unregistered shares to the Company&#146;s investor relations
consultant for consulting services provided by the consultant during the period
August 2013 to June 2014. The Company issued 15
000 shares on September 16
 2013
(vesting date) and issued another 10
000 unregistered shares on Jan 1
 2014. The
Company recognized total compensation expense of $23
746 and $17
804 for the
year ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 based on the fair values of the Company&#146;s
common stock of US$1.05 on September 16
 2013 for the 15
000 shares issued and
the fair value of the Company&#146;s common stock of $2.58 on January 1
 2014 for the
10
000 shares issued. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement
 if during any
three-month period
 the Average Closing Price is $2.00 per share or greater
 the
Company shall issue 12
500 (twelve thousand five hundred) Incentive Shares to
the consultant. During the first three-month period of 2014
 the Average Closing
Price is $2.84 per share. The Company then issued 12
500 shares to the
consultant on April 2
 2014. The Company recognized total compensation expense
of $29
625 and nil for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
based on the fair values of the Company&#146;s common stock of US$2.37 on April 2
2014 for the 12
500 shares issued. 

 2014
 the Company and American Capital Ventures
(the &#147;Consultant&#148;) entered into an Investor Relations Agreement (the &#147;2014
Agreement&#148;). The Company retained the Consulting Services provided by the
Consultant from August 15
 2014 to June 30
 2015. Pursuant to the terms of the
2014 Agreement
 the Company has agreed to issue up to 60
000 shares of
unregistered common stock to the consultant and its designee
 among which 20
000
shares were earned and vested as of August 18
 2014. During the service period
the consultant is entitled to receive additional 15
000 unregistered shares of
common stock if the average closing price of the common stock as reported on the
Over-the Counter Bulletin Board or any other market on which the common stock is
listed or quoted for trading on the date in question (the &#147;Average Closing
Price&#148;) is at or above $3.00 but lower than $4.00. The consultant is entitled to
receive further 25
000 unregistered shares of common stock if the Average
Closing Price is $4.00 per share or greater and the company qualifies
 files and
is approved for a NASDAQ uplisting. The Company recognized total compensation
expense of $39
000 and $nil for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
respectively
 based on the fair values of the Company&#146;s common stock of US$1.95
on September 22
 2014 for the 20
000 shares issued. 
NOTE
13&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;INCOME TAXES


subject to PRC enterprise income tax (&#147;EIT&#148;). Before January 1
 2008
 the PRC
EIT rate was generally 33%. In March 2007
 the PRC government enacted a new PRC
Enterprise Income Tax Law
 or the New EIT Law
 and promulgated related
regulations
 Implementation Regulations for the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law.
The New EIT Law and Implementation Regulations became effective on January 1
2008. The New EIT Law
 among other things
 imposes a unified income tax rate of
25% for both domestic and foreign invested enterprises registered in the PRC.





NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 
NOTE
13&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; INCOME TAXES
(CONTINUED)

were granted under the then effective tax laws and regulations. Therefore
 one
of the Company's VIEs
 Daqing Shuaiyi
 being engaged in growing and sales of
organic and specialty food products
 continued to be entitled to a preferential
tax treatment: an EIT holiday for the two years ended December 31
 2006 and 2007
and a 50% reduction on the EIT rate for the three years ended December 31
 2008
2009 and 2010. 

 Harbin Shuayi and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi are
subject to an EIT rate of 25% for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013. No
provision for PRC taxes was made for Heilongjiang Shuaiyi which had no taxable
income in the PRC. 

incorporation. No provision for PRC taxes was made as Harbin Baixin had no
taxable income in the PRC. 

Nutrastar
 New Resources and Oriental Global has any taxable income in the U.S.
British Virgin Islands or Hong Kong
 respectively. 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    




 
    

    




    




    

    
    

870

    
    

812

    

    


    
    


    
    

    




870
214
    




812
222



at the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate to the Company&#146;s effective income
tax rate is as follows: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    


Year ended December 31

    

    




    




    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




589

    




982

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    



    

400

    
    

194

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    



    
    
    
    
    
    



    

823

    
    

830

    








    





    

    




870

    




812

    




NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 
NOTE
13&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; INCOME TAXES
(CONTINUED) 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    




 2014
    




 2013
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    

122

    
    

799

    

    




122

    




799

    

    




    







 2014 and 2013
 Nutrastar had $6
072
219 and
$5
293
016
 respectively
 of net operating loss carry forwards available to
reduce future taxable income which will expire in various years through 2030.
The Company's VIE entity
 Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 had $232
320 net operating loss
carry forwards as of December 31
 2014 available to offset future taxable income
which will expire in various years through 2019.&nbsp; Management believes it is more-likely-than-not that the Company will not realize
these potential tax benefits as the Company&#146;s U.S. operations will not generate
any operating profits in the foreseeable future. Therefore
 the Company recorded
a full valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets. 

 2014 and 2013
 the Company has no material
unrecognized tax benefits which would favorably affect the effective income tax
rate in future periods and does not believe that there will be any significant
increases or decreases of unrecognized tax benefits within the next twelve
months. No interest or penalties relating to income tax matters have been
imposed on the Company during the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 and no
provision for interest and penalties is deemed necessary as of December 31
 2014
and 2013. 

 the
statute of limitations is three years if the underpayment of taxes is due to
computational errors made by the taxpayer or its withholding agent. The statute
of limitations extends to five years under special circumstances
 which are not
clearly defined. In the case of a related party transaction
 the statute of
limitation is ten years. There is no statute of limitation in the case of tax
evasion. 
NOTE
14&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;EARNINGS PER
SHARE 

the weighted average shares used in the computation of basic and diluted
earnings per share for the two years presented: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    


Years ended December 31

    

    




    




    



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

719

    
    

170

    








    





    



    

545

    
    

940

    

    





    





    







719

    




170

    



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

827

    
    

949

    



    


    
    

128

    

    
    


    
    


    

    





    





    

    




699

    




089

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




    




    

    




    










NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 
NOTE
14&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; EARNINGS PER
SHARE (CONTINUED) 

weighted average number of common shares outstanding to assume the issuance of
all dilutive potential common shares upon conversion. 

December 31
 2014 did not include management options and contingent unregistered
shares to purchase up to 75
000 shares and 40
000 shares of common stock
respectively
 because their effect was anti-dilutive. 

December 31
 2013 did not include warrants
 management options and restricted
shares to purchase up to 1
088
501 shares
 150
000 shares and 50
000 shares of
common stock
 respectively
 because their effect was anti-dilutive. 
NOTE
15&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; RELATED PARTY
TRANSACTIONS 

the Company also had the following related party balances and transactions:-


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    




 2014
    




 2013
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

      Chairperson






    








style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    

      unsecured and without a fixed repayment date. The balance was mainly for
      the payment of US$ denominated expenses.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 2014 and 2013
 the
      Company paid rental expense of $59
078 and $58
370
 respectively
 for the
      land leased from Heilongjiang Shuaiyi Technology Development Co.
 Ltd.
      (&#147;Shuaiyi Technology&#148;). Shuaiyi Technology and the Company are under
      common control and management.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
Acquisition of corporate headquarter
  premise
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 2011
 Heilongjiang Shuaiyi entered into an
      asset transfer agreement (the &#147;Transfer Agreement&#148;) with Ms. Han. Pursuant
      to the Transfer Agreement
 Heilongjiang Shuiayi acquired an office
      building located at 54-1 Ganshui Road
 Xiangfang District
 Harbin
 with a
      construction area of 1854.1 square meters
 from Ms. Han at a cash
      consideration of RMB12.75 million (approximately $1.95 million including
      other incidental costs)
which was fully paid in April 2011. The purchase
      price was determined based on a real property valuation report issued by
      an independent appraisal firm
 Harbin Guoxin Real Estate Appraisal and
      Consulting Co.
 Limited on November 11
 2010 and reflected approximately
      equal valuation which Ms. Han originally paid when she acquired such
      property for the Company. Management believes that based on the property
      valuation report issued by the independent appraisal firm
 the terms of
      the purchase transaction and the consideration that the Company paid in
      connection with this transaction were comparable to the terms available
      and the amounts that would be paid in an arm&#146;s-length
  transaction.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      Company headquarters to this office building in the foreseeable
    future.




NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 
NOTE
16&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; CONCENTRATION
RISK 


of credit risk

 2014 and 2013
 approximately 99.9% and
99.8%
 respectively of the Company&#146;s cash including cash on hand and deposits in
accounts are maintained with one financial institution within the PRC where
there is currently no rule or regulation in place for obligatory insurance to
cover such bank deposits in the event of bank failure. However
 the Company has
not experienced any losses in this financial institution and monitors the
soundness and the credit ratings of this financial institution on a periodic
basis
 thus believes it is currently not exposed to any material risks on its
bank deposits in bank accounts with this financial institution. 

 2014 and 2013
 all of the
Company&#146;s sales arose in the PRC. In addition
 all accounts receivable as of  December 31
 2014 and 2013 also arose in the PRC. 

the Group&#146;s revenues for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    


    




    



    
    
    
    
    
    



more of total accounts receivable as of December 31
 2014 and 2013 were as
follows: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    


    
    

    





    





    



    
    
    
    
    
    


 Linyi City Hong Yun

    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2014 and 2013
 all of the
Company&#146;s purchases arose in the PRC. In addition
 all accounts payable as of
December 31
2014 and 2013 also arose in the PRC. 

Company&#146;s procurement for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    


2014
    
    


2013
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    



accounts payable as of December 31
 2014 and 2013.




NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 
NOTE
16&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;CONCENTRATION
RISK (CONTINUED) 


of operating risk 

conducted in and located inside China. The Company&#146;s operations and assets are
subject to various political
 economic
 and other risks and uncertainties
inherent in China. Among other risks
 the Company&#146;s operations and assets are
subject to the risks of restrictions on transfer of funds; export duties
quotas
 and embargoes; domestic and international customs and tariffs; changing
taxation policies; foreign exchange restrictions; and political conditions and
governmental regulations. 
NOTE
17&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;COMMITMENTS
AND CONTINGENCIES


Operating l

of an exhibition hall and land with a third party and a related company
 Shuaiyi
Technology (see 15(b))
 respectively
 for the purposes of the operation of its
VIEs. The Company&#146;s commitments for minimum lease payments under these operating
leases for the next five years and thereafter as of December 31
 2014 are as
follows: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




    




    




    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    

    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    





    


    
    





    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




127
    




300
    




427
    

 2014 and 2013
 rental
expenses under operating leases amounted to $100
602 and $117
664
 respectively.



employee costs 

the Company&#146;s subsidiaries and VIEs in the PRC are required to contribute to
medical
 retirement and unemployment insurance programs for its employees. We
have recorded accruals for the probable estimated liability for approximately
the past two years. However
 in the past we did not provide for contributions
for our temporary employees. If the PRC regulatory authorities take the view
that we were required to make contributions to the social insurance and housing
accumulation funds for our temporary employees
 our failure to make previous
payments may be in violation of applicable PRC labor laws and PRC governmental
authorities may impose penalties on us for failure to comply. In addition
 in
the event that any current or former employee files a complaint with the PRC
government
 we may be subject to making up the contributions to the social
insurance and housing accumulation funds as well as paying administrative fines.
As the Company does not currently believe that it is probable that these
additional contributions and fines would be material and
 furthermore
 cannot be
reasonably estimated
 no additional provision has been made in this regard. 




NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 
NOTE
17&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;COMMITMENTS
AND CONTINGENCIES (CONTINUED)


agreement 

 2010
 the Company entered into an indemnification
agreement with each of its newly elected independent directors
 Mr. Henry Ngan
Ms. Virginia P&#146;an and Mr. Jianbing Zhong
 pursuant to which the Company agreed
to indemnify the independent directors against expenses
 judgments
 fines
penalties or other amounts actually and reasonably incurred by the Independent
directors in connection with any proceeding if the independent directors acted
in good faith and in the best interests of the Company. 

 2010
 the Company entered into an
indemnification agreement with Mr. Tick pursuant to which the Company agreed to
indemnify Mr. Tick against expenses
 judgments
 fines
 penalties or other
amounts actually and reasonably incurred by Mr. Tick in connection with any
proceeding if Mr. Tick acted in good faith and in the best interests of the
Company. 

 2011
 the Company entered into an
indemnification agreement with Mr. Joshua Kurtzig
 its newly elected independent
director
 pursuant to which the Company agreed to indemnify Mr. Kurtzig against
expenses
 judgments
 fines
 penalties or other amounts actually and reasonably
incurred by the independent director in connection with any proceeding if the
independent director acted in good faith and in the best interests of the
Company. Mr. Kurtzig resigned from the Company&#146;s Board effective November 26
2012. 

 2012
 the Company entered into an
indemnification agreement with Mr. Richard E. Fearon
 Jr.
 its newly elected
independent director
 pursuant to which the Company agreed to indemnify Mr.
Fearon
 Jr. against expenses
 judgments
 fines
 penalties or other amounts
actually and reasonably incurred by the independent director in connection with
any proceeding if the independent director acted in good faith and in the best
interests of the Company. 
NOTE
18&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;SEGMENT
INFORMATION 

product
 &#147;Cordyceps Militaris&#148;
 &#147;beverages&#148; and &#147;organic and specialty food
products&#148;. The Cordyceps Militaris segment consists of the growing and sales of
Cordyceps Militaris
 which business is conducted through Daqing Shuaiyi. The
beverages segment consists of the manufacturing of functional health beverages
featuring the Cordyceps Militaris as a core ingredient
 which business is also
conducted through Daqing Shuaiyi and was launched in the fourth quarter of 2010.
The organic and specialty food products segment consists of the sales of rice
flour
 silage corn and other agricultural products which business is mainly
conducted through Harbin Shuaiyi. 

 2014 and 2013
 all of the
Company&#146;s operations were carried out in one geographical segment - China. 




NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 
NOTE
18&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;SEGMENT
INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 

December 31
 2014 and 2013 are as follows: 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    


Year Ended December 31
 2014 
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




    




    




    




    




    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    







050

    




004

    




273

    




    




328

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    







631

    




754

    





    




018

    




589

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


589

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


444

    
    



    
    


538

    
    


753

    
    


799

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




799

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

373

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    

485

    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    


Year Ended December 31
 2013 
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




    




    




    




    




    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    







685

    




474

    




188

    




    




348

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    







860

    




495

    





    




648

    




982

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




982

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




852

    





    




313

    




009

    




236

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




236

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

362

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    

473

    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    







NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 
NOTE
19&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; RESTRICTED NET
ASSETS 

VIEs
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi. Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi may
only pay dividends out of its retained earnings determined in accordance with
the accounting standards and regulations in the PRC and after it has met the PRC
requirements for appropriation to statutory reserves (see Note 11). 

 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi&#146;s businesses and
assets are primarily denominated in RMB
 which is not freely convertible into
foreign currencies. All foreign exchange transactions take place either through
the People&#146;s Bank of China or other banks authorized to buy and sell foreign
currencies at the exchange rates quoted by the People&#146;s Bank of China. Approval
of foreign currency payments by the People&#146;s Bank of China or other regulatory
institutions requires; submitting a payment application form together with
suppliers&#146; invoices
 shipping documents and signed contracts. These currency
exchange control procedures imposed by the PRC government authorities may
restrict the ability of Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi to transfer their net
assets to the Company through loans
 advances or cash dividends
 which consisted
of paid-up capital
 retained earnings and statutory reserves and which aggregate
amount of approximately RMB830 million (or $136 million) exceeded 25% of the
Company&#146;s consolidated net assets. Accordingly
 condensed parent company
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Rule 5-04 and Rule
12-04 of SEC Regulation S-X. 

statements should be read in conjunction with the notes to the Company&#146;s
Consolidated Financial Statements. Certain information and footnote disclosures
normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP
have been condensed or omitted. 

 2014 and 2013
 there were no material
contingencies
 significant provisions for long-term obligations
 or guarantees
of the Company
 except as separately disclosed in the Consolidated Financial
Statements
 if any. 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    


As of December 31

    

    




    




    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




668







078




    




668
663
    




078
904
    

    


    




    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    



    
    


    
    


    

    






















    





    

    


    




    




 $0.001 par value
 1
000
000
      shares authorized
 77
776 shares and 110
066 shares issued and
      outstanding
 respectively; aggregate liquidation preference
      amount:$2
177
728 and $3
081
848
 plus accrued but unpaid dividend of
      $690
662 and $738
903
 at December 31
 2014 and 2013

    

773

    
    

510

    


 $0.001 par
      value
 190
000
000 shares authorized
 16
953
541 shares issued and
      16
909
986 shares outstanding at December 31
 2014; 16
421
161 shares
      issued and 16
377
606 shares outstanding at December 31














    
    

122

    
    

934

    


 at cost
      43
555 shares as of December 31





    




  

    
    

772

    
    

226

    







251







576




    




858

    




185

    
  
Total liabilities and
      stockholders&#146; equity




668
663






078
904






NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 
NOTE
19&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; RESTRICTED NET
ASSETS (CONTINUED) 



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    


Year ended December 31

    

    




    




    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    

468

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




498

    




638

    

    




719
774
    




170
370
    


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    


Year ended December 31

    

    




    




    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    

    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    
    


    
    

Cash
 end of year




    




    
NOTE
20&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;SUBSEQUENT EVENTS


 we have evaluated
any events or transactions occurring after December 31
 2014
 the consolidated
balance sheet date
 through the date of filing of this report and note that
there have been no such events or transactions that would require recognition or
disclosure in the consolidated financial statements as of and for year ended
December 31
 2014
 except as disclosed below: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    

 2015
 a holder of the Company Series A
      Convertible Preferred Stock converted $98
000 Stated Value of such
      Preferred Stock and $31
935 Preferred Stock dividends
 at a conversion
      price of $28 per share and 1 for 10 conversion ratio
 into a total of
      46
410 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock.
  
    
    
    

 2015
 we issued 40
000 shares of the
      Company&#146;s common stock for the vested restricted stocks to our Board
      members.






style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    


  
    
    
    

    
    

      Restated Articles of Incorporation filed with the Nevada Secretary of
      State on May 19
 2009 [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the
      Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 26
 2009]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


      of State on January 11
 2010 [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to
      the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 14
 2010].
    
  
    
    
    


    
    


      as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada
 May 27
 2010
      [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report
      on Form 8-K filed on June 3
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


 adopted October 5
 2010
      [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report
      on Form 8-K filed on October 8
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


 dated April 10
 2006
      between Runjiao Wang and Daqing Shuaiyi Biotech Co.
 Ltd. (English
      Translation) [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company&#146;s
      Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 31
 2008]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


      Ltd. Employment Agreement. (English Translation) [Incorporated by
      reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K
      filed on December 31
 2008]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


 dated August
      18
 2009
 between Heilongjiang Shuaiyi New Energy Development Co.
 Ltd.
      and Hongbing Hua [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
      Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 21
 2009]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


 2012)
      [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report
      on Form 8-K filed on July 27
 2012]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


 dated May 27
      2010
 by and among the Company and the investors named therein
      [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report
      on Form 8-K filed on June 3
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


 by and between the Company and
      Robert Tick
 dated July 16
 2010 [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
      10.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 20
 2010].
      
  
    
    
    


    
    


 by and between the Company and
      Robert Tick
 dated July 16
 2010 [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
      10.2 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 20
 2010].
      
  
    
    
    


    
    


 by and between the
      Company and Robert Tick
 dated July 16
 2010 [Incorporated by reference to
      Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 20
      2010]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


 dated October 5
 2010
 by
      and between the Company and Henry Ngan [Incorporated by reference to
      Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October
      8
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


 dated October 5
 2010
 by
      and between the Company and Virginia P&#146;an [Incorporated by reference to
      Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October
      8
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


 dated October 5
 2010
 by
      and between the Company and Jianbing Zhong [Incorporated by reference to
      Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October
      8
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


 dated October 5
 2010
 by and
      between the Company and Henry Ngan [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
      10.4 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 8
      2010]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


 dated October 5
 2010
 by and
      between the Company and Virginia P&#146;an [Incorporated by reference to
      Exhibit 10.5 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October
      8
 2010]. 




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


Exhibit No.
    
    

      
  
    
    

      

    
    


 dated October 5
 2010
 by and
      between the Company and Jianbing Zhong [Incorporated by reference to
      Exhibit 10.6 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October
      8
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


 dated October 5
      2010
 by and between the Company and Henry Ngan [Incorporated by reference
      to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
      October 8
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


 dated October 5
      2010
 by and between the Company and Virginia P&#146;an [Incorporated by
      reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K
      filed on October 8
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


 dated October 5
      2010
 by and between the Company and Jianbing Zhong [Incorporated by
      reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K
      filed on October 8
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


 dated October 5
 2010
 by and
      between the Company and Robert Tick [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
      10.10 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 8
      2010]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


 by and
      between New Resources and the Founders
 dated October 22
 2010
      [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report
      on Form 8-K filed on October 28
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


 by
      and between Harbin Baixin and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 dated October 22
 2010
      [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#146;s Current Report
      on Form 8-K filed on October 28
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


      Agreement
 by and among Harbin Baixin
 the Founders and Heilongjiang
      Shuaiyi
 dated October 22
 2010 [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3
      to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 28
 2010].
      
  
    
    
    


    
    


 by
      and among Harbin Baixin
 the Founders and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 dated
      October 22
 2010 [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the
      Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 28
 2010].

  
    
    
    


    
    


 by and
      among Harbin Baixin
 the Founders and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 dated October
      22
 2010 [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company&#146;s
      Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 28
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


 dated
      January 24
 2011
 by and between the Company and Robert Tick [Incorporated
      by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K
      filed on January 28
 2011]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


 dated May 1
 2010
 between Qingling
      Zhang and Xinjun Li (English Translation) [Incorporated by reference to
      Exhibit 10.47 to the Company&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March
      29
 2011]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


 by and between Heilongjiang
      Shuaiyi New Energy Development Co.
 Ltd. and Lianyun Han
 dated April 15
      2011 [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Quarterly
      Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 12
 2011]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


      dated August 24
 2011
 by and between the Company and ARC China Investment
      Funds [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Current
      Report on Form 8-K filed on August 25
 2011]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


 dated August 24
 2011
 by and between
      the Company and ARC China Investment Funds [Incorporated by reference to
      Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August
      25
 2011]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


 dated November 26
 2012
      by and between the Company and Mr. Fearon. [Incorporated by reference to
      Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November
      29
 2012]. 
  
    
    
    


    
    


 dated November 26
 2012
 by
      and between the Company and Mr. Fearon. [Incorporated by reference to
      Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November
      29
 2012]. 




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


  
    
    
    

    
    


 dated November 26
      2012
 by and between the Company and Mr. Fearon. [Incorporated by
      reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K
      filed on November 29
 2012]. 
  
    
    
    

  
    
    
Amendment No. 2 to the Employee Labor Agreement
 dated  August 8
 2013 
 by and between the Company and Robert Tick [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 12
 2013] 

  
    
    
    

  
    
    
Amendment No. 3 to the Employee Labor Agreement
 dated  August 12
 2014  
 by and between the Company and Robert Tick [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 13
 2014]

  
    
    
    

    
    


 adopted October 5
      2010 [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Company&#146;s Current
      Report on Form 8-K filed on October 8
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    


      Exhibit 21 to the Company&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 29
      2011] 
  
    
    
    

    
    

Consent of Crowe Horwath (HK) CPA Limited
 Independent
    Registered Public Accounting Firm.* 
  
    
    
    

    
    

Certifications of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to
      Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. * 
  
    
    
    

    
    

Certifications of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to
      Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. * 
  
    
    
    

    
    

Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to
    Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. * 
  
    
    
    

    
    

Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to
      Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. * 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      

    
    

      

    
    

  

    
    

  

    
    

      

    
    

  














   





CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM



Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-159950 and No.333-183658) of our
report dated March 30
 2015
 relating to the consolidated financial statements
of Nutrastar International Inc. and its subsidiaries which appears in the Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2014.
Hong Kong
 China
30
 2015 




















 Lianyun Han
 certify that: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of
      Nutrastar International Inc.;

  
    
    
    
    

  
    
    
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any
      untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
      necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under
      which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period
      covered by this report;

  
    
    
    
    

  
    
    
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and
      other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
      material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash
      flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this
      report;

  
    
    
    
    

  
    
    
The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I are
      responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
      procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
      internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
      Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

  
    
    
    
    

  
    
    
    
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or
      caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
      supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the
      registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us
      by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which
      this report is being prepared;

  
    
    
    
    

  
    
    
    
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
      or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
      under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
      reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
      statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
      accounting principles;

  
    
    
    
    

  
    
    
    
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#146;s
      disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
      conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
      procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
      such evaluation; and

  
    
    
    
    

  
    
    
    
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#146;s
      internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
      registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal
      quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or
      is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal
      control over financial reporting; and

  
    
    
    
    

  
    
    
The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I have
      disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
      financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee
      of the registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the
      equivalent functions):

  
    
    
    
    

  
    
    
    
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
      the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
      are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#146;s ability to
      record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and

  
    
    
    
    

  
    
    
    
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves
      management or other employees who have a significant role in the
      registrant&#146;s internal control over financial
      reporting.




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 




    

  
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    























 Robert Tick
 certify that: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of
      Nutrastar International Inc.;

  
    
    
    
    

  
    
    
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any
      untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
      necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under
      which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period
      covered by this report;

  
    
    
    
    

  
    
    
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and
      other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
      material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash
      flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this
      report;

  
    
    
    
    

  
    
    
The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I are
      responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
      procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
      internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
      Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

  
    
    
    
    

  
    
    
    
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or
      caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
      supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the
      registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us
      by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which
      this report is being prepared;

  
    
    
    
    

  
    
    
    
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
      or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
      under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
      reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
      statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
      accounting principles;

  
    
    
    
    

  
    
    
    
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#146;s
      disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
      conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
      procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
      such evaluation; and

  
    
    
    
    

  
    
    
    
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#146;s
      internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
      registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal
      quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or
      is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal
      control over financial reporting; and

  
    
    
    
    

  
    
    
The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I have
      disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
      financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee
      of the registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the
      equivalent functions):

  
    
    
    
    

  
    
    
    
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
      the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
      are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#146;s ability to
      record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and

  
    
    
    
    

  
    
    
    
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves
      management or other employees who have a significant role in the
      registrant&#146;s internal control over financial
      reporting.




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 




    

  
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    






















    

    ACT OF 2002 



  The undersigned
 Lianyun Han
 the Chief Executive Officer of NUTRASTAR
  INTERNATIONAL INC. (the &#147;Company&#148;)
 DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that: 


  1.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The Company&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
  the fiscal year ended December 31
 2014 (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 fully complies with the
  requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 


  2.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;Information contained in the Report fairly
  presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of
  operation of the Company. 


  IN WITNESS WHEREOF
 day of
  March
 2015. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    




    
    


    
    

  
    
    


    
    



  906 has been provided to Nutrastar International Inc. and will be retained by
  Nutrastar International Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
  Commission or its staff upon request. 

  and Exchange Commission pursuant to &#167; 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being
  filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as
  amended
 and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the
  Company
 whether made before or after the date hereof
 regardless of any general
  incorporation language in such filing. 



















    

    ACT OF 2002 



  The undersigned
 Robert Tick
 the Chief Financial Officer of NUTRASTAR
  INTERNATIONAL INC. (the &#147;Company&#148;)
 DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that: 


  1.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The Company&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
  the fiscal year ended December 31
 2014 (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 fully complies with the
  requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 


  2.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Information contained in the Report fairly
  presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of
  operation of the Company. 


  IN WITNESS WHEREOF
 day of
  March
 2015. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    




    
    


    
    


    
(Principal Financial and Accounting
      Officer)



  906 has been provided to Nutrastar International Inc. and will be retained by
  Nutrastar International Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
  Commission or its staff upon request. 

  and Exchange Commission pursuant to &#167; 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being
  filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as
  amended
 and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the
  Company
 whether made before or after the date hereof
 regardless of any general
  incorporation language in such filing. 



















  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      


      




      


      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      



    


    




        


        




    


    


    


    


    

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;b&gt;NOTE 1&lt;/b&gt;
      &amp;#160;
      &lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND ORGANIZATION&lt;/strong&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Nutrastar International Inc. (&amp;#8220;Nutrastar&amp;#8221; or the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on December 22
 2002. On December 23
 2008
 the Company completed a reverse acquisition with New Zealand WAYNE&amp;#8217;S New Resources Development Co.
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;New Resources&amp;#8221;). As a result of the reverse acquisition with New Resources
 the Company is no longer a shell company and active business operations have been revived. Nutrastar together with its subsidiaries and affiliates as described below are referred to as the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On May 19
 2009
 the Company filed Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation with the State of Nevada to amend the Company&amp;#8217;s Articles of Incorporation to
 among other things
 (1) change the name of the Company from &amp;#8220;YzApp International Inc.&amp;#8221; to &amp;#8220;Shuaiyi International New Resources Development Inc.
&amp;#8221; (2) increase the total number of shares of common stock that the Company has the authority to issue from
      50
000
000
      to
      190
000
000
      shares and (3) effect a one for
      114.59
      reverse split of the Company&amp;#8217;s outstanding common stock.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On January 11
 2010
 the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation with the State of Nevada
 pursuant to which the Company further changed its name from Shuaiyi International New Resources Development Inc. to Nutrastar International Inc.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On October 22
 2010
 New Resources
 a wholly-owned British Virgin Islands subsidiary of the Company
 entered into an equity transfer agreement with the original founders of Heilongjiang Shuaiyi (the &amp;#8220;Shuaiyi Founders&amp;#8221;)
 pursuant to which New Resources transferred all of its equity interests in Heilongjiang Shuaiyi New Energy Development Co.
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Heilongjiang Shuaiyi&amp;#8221;)
 a then wholly-owned Chinese subsidiary of New Resources
 to the Shuaiyi Founders (the &amp;#8220;Equity Transfer&amp;#8221;).&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In connection with the Equity Transfer
 the Shuaiyi Founders
 the Company&amp;#8217;s indirectly wholly-owned Chinese subsidiary incorporated on July 13
 2010
 Harbin Baixin Biotech Development Co.
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Harbin Baixin&amp;#8221;) and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi entered into the following commercial arrangements (the &amp;#8220;Contractual Arrangement&amp;#8221; and together with the Equity Transfer
 the &amp;#8220;Restructuring&amp;#8221;)
 pursuant to which the Company has contractual rights to control and operate the businesses of Heilongjiang Shuaiyi and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi's two wholly-owned Chinese subsidiaries
 Daqing Shuaiyi Biotech Co.
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Daqing Shuaiyi&amp;#8221;) and Harbin Shuaiyi Green &amp;amp; Specialty Food Trading LLC (&amp;#8220;Harbin Shuaiyi&amp;#8221; and together with Heilongjiang Shuaiyi and Daqing Shuaiyi
 the &amp;#8220;VIEs&amp;#8221;):&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;Service Agreement&lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;br/&gt;
      Pursuant to a technical service agreement
 entered into by and between Harbin Baixin and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Harbin Baixin will provide certain exclusive technical services to Heilongjiang Shuaiyi in exchange for the payment by Heilongjiang Shuaiyi of a service fee that is calculated based on the market price in light of the particulars of the service and the time of such service provided by Harbin Baixin (the &amp;#8220;Service Agreement&amp;#8221;);
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;Option Agreement&lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;br/&gt;
      Pursuant to an exclusive purchase option agreement
 entered into by and among Harbin Baixin
 the Shuaiyi Founders and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 the Shuaiyi Founders granted to Harbin Baixin an option to purchase at any time during the term of this agreement
 all or part of the equity interests in Heilongjiang Shuaiyi (the &amp;#8220;Equity Interests&amp;#8221;)
 at the exercise price equal to the lowest possible price permitted by Chinese laws (the &amp;#8220;Option Agreement&amp;#8221;);
    &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;Voting Rights Agreement&lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;br/&gt;
      Pursuant to a voting rights proxy agreement
 entered into by and among Harbin Baixin
 the Shuaiyi Founders and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 each of the Shuaiyi Founders irrevocably entrusted Harbin Baixin and any entities or individuals designated by Harbin Baixin to
 among others
 exercise its voting rights and other rights as a shareholder of Heilongjiang Shuaiyi (the &amp;#8220;Voting Rights Agreement&amp;#8221;); and
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;Pledge agreement&lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;br/&gt;
      Pursuant to an equity pledge agreement
 entered into by and among Harbin Baixin
 the Shuaiyi Founders and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 the Founders pledged all of the Equity Interests to Harbin Baixin to secure the full and complete performance of the obligations and liabilities on the part of the Shuaiyi Founders and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi under this and above contractual arrangements (the &amp;#8220;Pledge Agreement&amp;#8221; and together with the Service Agreement
 the Option Agreement
 the Voting Rights Agreement and the Equity Transfer Agreement
 the &amp;#8220;Restructuring Documents&amp;#8221;).
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      As a result of the Restructuring
 the Company transferred all of its indirect equity interests in Heilongjiang Shuaiyi back to the Shuaiyi Founders
 among whom
 Ms. Lianyun Han became a majority shareholder of Heilongjiang Shuaiyi by owning a
      68.3% equity interest in Heilongjiang Shuaiyi. At the same time
 through the above contractual agreement
 the Company maintains substantial control over the VIEs&amp;#8217; daily operations and financial affairs
 election of their senior executives and all matters requiring shareholder approval. As the primary beneficiary of the VIEs
 the Company is entitled to consolidate the financial results of the VIEs in its own consolidated financial statements under Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standard Codification (ASC) Topic 810 and related subtopics related to the consolidation of variable interest entities (collectively
 &amp;#8220;ASC Topic 810&amp;#8221;).
    &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;As of December 31
 2014
 details of the subsidiaries and affiliates of the Company are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;div&gt;
                  &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=18%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;Percentage&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=18%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;Domicile and date&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=18%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;of effective&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;Names&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=18%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;of incorporation&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=18%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;Paid-up capital&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=18%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;ownership&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=18%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;Principal activities&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr&gt;
                &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;Subsidiaries&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                  New Zealand WAYNE&amp;#8217;S New Resources Development Co.
 Ltd
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  (&amp;#8220;New Resources&amp;#8221;)
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;
                  British Virgin Islands
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  March 13
 2008
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;
                  $50
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;
                  100%
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;Holding company of the other subsidiaries&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                  Oriental Global Holdings Limited
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  (&amp;#8220;Oriental Global&amp;#8221;)
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;
                  Hong Kong
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  May 28
 2010
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;
                  $1
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;
                  100%
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;Holding company of Harbin Baixin&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Harbin Baixin Biotech Development Co.
 Ltd (&amp;#8220;Harbin Baixin&amp;#8221;)&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;
                  People&amp;#8217;s Republic of China (&amp;#8220;PRC&amp;#8221;)
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  July 13
 2010
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;
                  $3
000
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;
                  100%
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;Cordyceps Militaris (aka Chinese Golden Grass) cultivation technology research and development
 services and Cordyceps Militaris products wholesale&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;VIEs&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Heilongjiang Shuaiyi New Energy Development Co.
 Ltd (&amp;#8220;Heilongjiang Shuaiyi&amp;#8221;)&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;
                  PRC
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  July 11
 2006
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;
                  RMB60
000
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;
                  100%
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;Principally engaged in investment and property holding&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                  Daqing Shuaiyi Biotech Co. Ltd.
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  (&amp;#8220;Daqing Shuaiyi&amp;#8221;)
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;
                  PRC
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  August 8
 2005
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;
                  RMB50
000
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;
                  100%
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;Growing and sales of Cordyceps Militaris
 which is widely used for Chinese medicine
 and functional health beverages&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                  Harbin Shuaiyi Green and Specialty Food Trading LLC.
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  (&amp;#8220;Harbin Shuaiyi&amp;#8221;)
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;
                  PRC
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  May 18
 2001
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;
                  RMB1
500
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;
                  100%
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;Sales of organic and specialty food products&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;/table&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=18%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Percentage&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=18%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Domicile and date&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=18%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;of effective&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Names&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=18%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;of incorporation&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=18%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Paid-up capital&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=18%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;ownership&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=18%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Principal activities&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;Subsidiaries&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
            New Zealand WAYNE&amp;#8217;S New Resources Development Co.
 Ltd
            &lt;br/&gt;
            (&amp;#8220;New Resources&amp;#8221;)
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;
            British Virgin Islands
            &lt;br/&gt;
            March 13
 2008
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;
            $50
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;
            100%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;Holding company of the other subsidiaries&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
            Oriental Global Holdings Limited
            &lt;br/&gt;
            (&amp;#8220;Oriental Global&amp;#8221;)
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;
            Hong Kong
            &lt;br/&gt;
            May 28
 2010
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;
            $1
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;
            100%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;Holding company of Harbin Baixin&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Harbin Baixin Biotech Development Co.
 Ltd (&amp;#8220;Harbin Baixin&amp;#8221;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;
            People&amp;#8217;s Republic of China (&amp;#8220;PRC&amp;#8221;)
            &lt;br/&gt;
            July 13
 2010
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;
            $3
000
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;
            100%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;Cordyceps Militaris (aka Chinese Golden Grass) cultivation technology research and development
 services and Cordyceps Militaris products wholesale&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;VIEs&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Heilongjiang Shuaiyi New Energy Development Co.
 Ltd (&amp;#8220;Heilongjiang Shuaiyi&amp;#8221;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;
            PRC
            &lt;br/&gt;
            July 11
 2006
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;
            RMB60
000
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;
            100%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;Principally engaged in investment and property holding&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
            Daqing Shuaiyi Biotech Co. Ltd.
            &lt;br/&gt;
            (&amp;#8220;Daqing Shuaiyi&amp;#8221;)
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;
            PRC
            &lt;br/&gt;
            August 8
 2005
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;
            RMB50
000
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;
            100%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;Growing and sales of Cordyceps Militaris
 which is widely used for Chinese medicine
 and functional health beverages&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=18%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
            Harbin Shuaiyi Green and Specialty Food Trading LLC.
            &lt;br/&gt;
            (&amp;#8220;Harbin Shuaiyi&amp;#8221;)
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;
            PRC
            &lt;br/&gt;
            May 18
 2001
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;
            RMB1
500
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;
            100%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=18%&gt;Sales of organic and specialty food products&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;b&gt;NOTE 2&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICES&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Basis of preparation&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;br/&gt;
          These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
        &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Principle of consolidation&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;br/&gt;
          The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of Nutrastar and its wholly-owned subsidiaries
 New Resources
 Oriental Global and Harbin Baixin
 and its VIEs Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi. All significant inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated on consolidation.
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company has evaluated the relationship with Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi and based on the result of the evaluation
 believes that these entities are variable interest entities and that it is the primary beneficiary of these entities. Consequently
 the Company has included the results of operations of these variable interest entities in the consolidated financial statements. The Company&amp;#8217;s relationships with Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi are governed by a series of contractual arrangements. Under PRC laws
 Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi are independent legal persons and none of them is exposed to liabilities incurred by the other parties.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The accounts of Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi are consolidated in the accompanying financial statements pursuant to the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standard Codification (ASC) Topic 810 and related subtopics related to the consolidation of variable interest entities. The Company does not have any non-controlling interests in net income and accordingly
 did not subtract any net income in calculating the net income attributable to the Company. Because of the contractual arrangements
 the Company had a pecuniary interest in the VIEs that require consolidation of the Company&amp;#8217;s and the VIEs&amp;#8217; financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Use of estimates&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;br/&gt;
          The preparation of these consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires the Company to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of these consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Accordingly
 actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Significant estimates for the year ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 include the useful lives of property and equipment and intangible assets
 assumptions used in assessing impairment for long-term assets and the fair values of share-based payments.
        &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;br/&gt;
          Cash and cash equivalents consist of all cash balances and highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less. Because of the short maturity of these investments
 the carrying amounts approximate their fair value.
        &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;br/&gt;
          Accounts receivable is stated at cost
 net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the failure of customers to make required payments. The Company reviews the accounts receivable on a periodic basis and provides allowances where there is doubt as to the collectability of individual balances. In evaluating the collectability of individual receivable balances
 the Company considers many factors
 including the age of the balance
 the customer&amp;#8217;s payment history
 its current credit-worthiness and current economic trends.
        &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Inventories&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;br/&gt;
          Inventories are stated at the lower of cost
 determined on a weighted average basis
 or market. Costs of inventories include purchase and related costs incurred in bringing the products to their present location and condition. Market value is determined by reference to selling prices after the balance sheet date or to management&amp;#8217;s estimates based on prevailing market conditions. Management will write down the inventories to market value if it is below cost. Management also regularly evaluates the composition of its inventories to identify slow-moving and obsolete inventories to determine if a valuation allowance is required.
        &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Derivative financial instruments&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;br/&gt;
          The Company evaluates all its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative instruments that are accounted for as liabilities
 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and is then revalued at each reporting date
 with changes in the fair value reported in the consolidated statements of income. For stock-based derivative financial instruments
 the Company uses Monte-Carlo simulation methods to value the derivative instruments at inception and on subsequent valuation dates.
        &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;br/&gt;
          Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses
 if any. Gains or losses on disposals are reflected as gain or loss in the year of disposal. The cost of improvements that extend the life of property
 plant and equipment are capitalized. These capitalized costs may include structural improvements
 equipment and fixtures. All ordinary repair and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred.
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Depreciation for financial reporting purposes is provided using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
                      &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center width=20%&gt;Useful Life&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=20%&gt;(In years)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff width=20%&gt;
                  20
                  -
                  40
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;Machinery and motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center width=20%&gt;
                  5
                  -
                  10
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff width=20%&gt;
                  5
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Intangible assets&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          The Company&amp;#8217;s intangible assets include a ten-year exclusive right to use a proprietary process and computer software. The Company&amp;#8217;s amortization policy on intangible assets is as follows:
        &lt;/p&gt;
                      &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center width=20%&gt;Useful Life&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=20%&gt;(In years)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Exclusive right&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff width=20%&gt;
                  10
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;Computer software&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center width=20%&gt;
                  4
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company accounts for its intangible assets pursuant to FASB ASC Subtopic 350-30
 &amp;#8220;General Intangibles Other Than Goodwill&amp;#8221;. Under ASC 350-30-35
 intangibles with definite lives continue to be amortized on a straight-line basis over the lesser of their estimated useful lives or contractual terms. Under FASB ASU No.2012-02 Intangible-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350)
 the Company assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative impairment test. The Company would not be required to calculate the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset unless the Company determines
 based on a qualitative assessment
 that it is not more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If the qualitative assessment fails
 intangibles with indefinite lives are further evaluated quantitatively for impairment by comparing the asset&amp;#8217;s estimated fair value with its carrying value
 based on cash flow valuation methodology.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Impairment of long-lived assets&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;br/&gt;
          The Company reviews and evaluates its long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts may not be recoverable. An impairment is considered to exist if the total estimated future cash flows on an undiscounted basis are less than the carrying amount of the assets
 including goodwill
 if any. An impairment loss is measured and recorded based on discounted estimated future cash flows. In estimating future cash flows
 assets are grouped at the lowest level for which there is identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of future cash flows from other asset groups.
        &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Revenue recognition&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;br/&gt;
          Revenue is recognized when the following four revenue criteria are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 the selling price is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured.
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Sales revenue is recognized net of value added and sales related taxes
 sales discounts and returns at the time when the merchandise is delivered to the customer. Based on historical experience
 management estimates that sales returns are immaterial and has not recorded an allowance for estimated sales returns.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Share-based payments&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;br/&gt;
          The Company accounts for share-based compensation awards to employees in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718
 &amp;#8220;Compensation &amp;#8211; Stock Compensation&amp;#8221;
 which requires that share-based payment transactions with employees be measured based on the grant-date fair value of the equity instrument issued and recognized as compensation expense over the requisite service period.
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company accounts for share-based compensation awards to non-employees in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718 and FASB ASC Subtopic 505-50
 &amp;#8220;Equity-Based Payments to Non-employees&amp;#8221;. Under FASB ASC Topic 718 and FASB ASC Subtopic 505-50
 stock compensation granted to non-employees has been determined as the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of equity instrument issued
 whichever is more reliably measured and is recognized as expenses as the goods or services are received.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Income taxes&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          The Company is subject to income taxes in the United States and other foreign jurisdictions where it operates. The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 740
 &amp;#8220;Income Taxes&amp;#8221;. FASB ASC Topic 740 requires an asset and liability approach for financial accounting and reporting for income taxes and allows recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets based upon the likelihood of realization of tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits
 or that future deductibility is uncertain.
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s income tax returns are subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service (&amp;#8220;IRS&amp;#8221;) and other tax authorities in the locations where it operates. The Company assesses potentially unfavorable outcomes of such examinations based on the criteria of FASB ASC 740-10-25-5 through 740-10-25-7 and 740-10-25-13 (formerly FASB Interpretation No. 48 (&amp;#8220;FIN 48&amp;#8221;) &amp;#8220;Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes&amp;#8221;). The interpretation prescribes a more-likely-than-not threshold for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken (or expected to be taken) in a tax return. This Interpretation also provides guidance on derecognition of income tax assets and liabilities
 classification of current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities
 accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax positions
 accounting for income taxes in interim periods and income tax disclosures.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Research and development costs&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          Research and development costs are expensed as incurred
 and are charged to general and administrative expenses. Research and development costs were $159
229
          and $173
881
          for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.
        &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Advertising costs&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          The Company expenses all advertising costs as incurred. Advertising costs charged to selling expenses were
          nil
          and $10
437
          for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.
        &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Shipping and handling costs&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          Substantially all costs of shipping and handling of products to customers are included in selling expense. Shipping and handling costs for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 were insignificant.
        &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Comprehensive income&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          FASB ASC Topic 220
 &amp;#8220;Comprehensive Income&amp;#8221;
 establishes standards for reporting and displaying comprehensive income and its components in the consolidated financial statements. Accumulated other comprehensive income includes foreign currency translation adjustments.
        &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Foreign currency&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          The Company uses the United States dollar (&amp;#8220;US Dollar&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;US$&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;$&amp;#8221;) for financial reporting purposes. The PRC subsidiaries and VIEs within the Company maintain their books and records in their functional currency
 Chinese Renminbi (&amp;#8220;RMB&amp;#8221;)
 being the lawful currency in the PRC. Assets and liabilities of the PRC subsidiaries and VIEs are translated from RMB into US Dollars using the applicable exchange rates prevailing at the balance sheet date. Items on the statements of income and cash flows are translated at average exchange rates during the reporting period. Equity accounts are translated at historical rates. Adjustments resulting from the translation of the Company&amp;#8217;s financial statements are recorded as accumulated other comprehensive income.
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The exchange rates used to translate amounts in RMB into US Dollars for the purposes of preparing the consolidated financial statements are based on the rates as published on the website of People&amp;#8217;s Bank of China and are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
                      &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;December 31
 2014&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;December 31
 2013&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Balance sheet items
 except for equity accounts&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                  US$1
                  =RMB6.1190
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                  US$1
                  =RMB6.0969
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;Items in the statements of income and cash flows&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                  US$1
                  =RMB6.1428
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                  US$1
                  =RMB6.1932
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;No representation is made that the RMB amounts could have been
 or could be
 converted into US Dollars at the above rates. The value of RMB against US dollars and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by
 among other things
 changes in China&amp;#8217;s political and economic conditions. Any significant revaluation of RMB may materially affect the Company&amp;#8217;s financial condition in terms of US Dollar reporting.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Segment reporting&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          The Company follows FASB ASC Topic 280
 &amp;#8220;Segment Reporting&amp;#8221;
 which requires that companies disclose segment data based on how management makes decisions about allocating resources to segments and evaluating their performance.
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company believes that during the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 it operated in three business segments &amp;#8211; growing and sales of Cordyceps Militaris
 which is widely used for Chinese medicine; manufacturing and sale of functional health beverages featuring the Cordyceps Militaris as a core ingredient; and sales of organic and specialty products. The manufacturing and sale of Cordyceps Militaris functional health beverages was launched in the fourth quarter of 2010.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Throughout the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 all of the Company&amp;#8217;s operations were carried out in one geographical segment - China.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Earnings per share&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          The Company reports earnings per share in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 260
 Earnings per Share. FASB ASC Topic 260 requires presentation of basic and diluted earnings per share in conjunction with the disclosure of the methodology used in computing such earnings per share. Basic earnings per share excludes dilution and is computed by dividing income available to common stockholders by the weighted average common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share takes into account the potential dilution (using the treasury stock method) that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised and converted into common stock.
        &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Commitments and contingencies&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          The Company follows FASB ASC Subtopic 450-20
 &amp;#8220;Loss Contingencies&amp;#8221; in determining its accruals and disclosures with respect to loss contingencies. Accordingly
 estimated losses from loss contingencies are accrued by a charge to income when information available prior to issuance of the financial statements indicates that it is probable that a liability could be incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Legal expenses associated with the contingency are expensed as incurred. If a loss contingency is not probable or reasonably estimable
 disclosure of the loss contingency is made in the financial statements when it is at least reasonably possible that a material loss could be incurred.
        &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Recent accounting pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          In April 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-08 &amp;#8220;Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (Topic 360) - Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity&amp;#8221;
 which changes the threshold for reporting discontinued operations and adds new disclosures. The new guidance defines a discontinued operation as a disposal that &amp;#8220;represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity&amp;#8217;s operations and financial results.&amp;#8221; The standard is required to be adopted by public business entities in annual periods beginning on or after December 15
 2014
 and interim periods within those annual periods. Entities may &amp;#8220;early adopt&amp;#8221; the guidance for new disposals. The Company is currently evaluating the impact on its consolidated financial statements of adopting this guidance.
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) which clarifies and improves the principles for recognizing revenue and develops a common revenue standard for United States generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP) and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) that among other things
 improves comparability of revenue recognition practices and provides more useful information to users of financial statements through improved disclosure requirements. The amendments in ASU 2014-09 are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that reporting period. Early application is not permitted. The Company is currently reviewing the impact on its consolidated financial statements of adopting this guidance.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In June 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-12
 Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718) which provides explicit guidance on the treatment of awards with performance targets that could be achieved after the requisite service period. The amendments in ASU 2014-12 are effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15
 2015. The Company does not expect that the adoption will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In August 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 Presentation of Financial Statements &amp;#8211; Going Concern. This standard requires management to evaluate for each annual and interim reporting period whether it is probable that the reporting entity will not be able to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. If the entity is in such a position
 the standard provides for certain disclosures depending on whether or not the entity will be able to successfully mitigate its going concern status. This guideline is effective for annual periods ending after December 15
 2016 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016. Early application is permitted. The Company does not expect that the adoption will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;Basis of preparation&lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;br/&gt;
      These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;Principle of consolidation&lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;br/&gt;
      The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of Nutrastar and its wholly-owned subsidiaries
 New Resources
 Oriental Global and Harbin Baixin
 and its VIEs Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi. All significant inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated on consolidation.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company has evaluated the relationship with Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi and based on the result of the evaluation
 believes that these entities are variable interest entities and that it is the primary beneficiary of these entities. Consequently
 the Company has included the results of operations of these variable interest entities in the consolidated financial statements. The Company&amp;#8217;s relationships with Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi are governed by a series of contractual arrangements. Under PRC laws
 Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi are independent legal persons and none of them is exposed to liabilities incurred by the other parties.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The accounts of Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi are consolidated in the accompanying financial statements pursuant to the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standard Codification (ASC) Topic 810 and related subtopics related to the consolidation of variable interest entities. The Company does not have any non-controlling interests in net income and accordingly
 did not subtract any net income in calculating the net income attributable to the Company. Because of the contractual arrangements


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;Use of estimates&lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;br/&gt;
      The preparation of these consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires the Company to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of these consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Accordingly
 actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Significant estimates for the year ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 include the useful lives of property and equipment and intangible assets
 assumptions used in assessing impairment for long-term assets and the fair values of share-based payments.


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;br/&gt;
      Cash and cash equivalents consist of all cash balances and highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less. Because of the short maturity of these investments
 the carrying amounts approximate their fair value.


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;br/&gt;
      Accounts receivable is stated at cost
 net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the failure of customers to make required payments. The Company reviews the accounts receivable on a periodic basis and provides allowances where there is doubt as to the collectability of individual balances. In evaluating the collectability of individual receivable balances
 the Company considers many factors
 including the age of the balance
 the customer&amp;#8217;s payment history
 its current credit-worthiness and current economic trends.


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;Inventories&lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;br/&gt;
      Inventories are stated at the lower of cost
 determined on a weighted average basis
 or market. Costs of inventories include purchase and related costs incurred in bringing the products to their present location and condition. Market value is determined by reference to selling prices after the balance sheet date or to management&amp;#8217;s estimates based on prevailing market conditions. Management will write down the inventories to market value if it is below cost. Management also regularly evaluates the composition of its inventories to identify slow-moving and obsolete inventories to determine if a valuation allowance is required.


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;Derivative financial instruments&lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;br/&gt;
      The Company evaluates all its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative instruments that are accounted for as liabilities
 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and is then revalued at each reporting date
 with changes in the fair value reported in the consolidated statements of income. For stock-based derivative financial instruments
 the Company uses Monte-Carlo simulation methods to value the derivative instruments at inception and on subsequent valuation dates.


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;br/&gt;
      Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses
 if any. Gains or losses on disposals are reflected as gain or loss in the year of disposal. The cost of improvements that extend the life of property
 plant and equipment are capitalized. These capitalized costs may include structural improvements
 equipment and fixtures. All ordinary repair and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Depreciation for financial reporting purposes is provided using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=20%&gt;Useful Life&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=20%&gt;(In years)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff width=20%&gt;
              20
              -
              40
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;Machinery and motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=20%&gt;
              5
              -
              10
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff width=20%&gt;
              5
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;Intangible assets&lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      The Company&amp;#8217;s intangible assets include a ten-year exclusive right to use a proprietary process and computer software. The Company&amp;#8217;s amortization policy on intangible assets is as follows:
    &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=20%&gt;Useful Life&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=20%&gt;(In years)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Exclusive right&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff width=20%&gt;
              10
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;Computer software&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=20%&gt;
              4
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company accounts for its intangible assets pursuant to FASB ASC Subtopic 350-30
 &amp;#8220;General Intangibles Other Than Goodwill&amp;#8221;. Under ASC 350-30-35
 intangibles with definite lives continue to be amortized on a straight-line basis over the lesser of their estimated useful lives or contractual terms. Under FASB ASU No.2012-02 Intangible-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350)
 the Company assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative impairment test. The Company would not be required to calculate the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset unless the Company determines
 based on a qualitative assessment
 that it is not more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If the qualitative assessment fails
 intangibles with indefinite lives are further evaluated quantitatively for impairment by comparing the asset&amp;#8217;s estimated fair value with its carrying value


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;Impairment of long-lived assets&lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;br/&gt;
      The Company reviews and evaluates its long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts may not be recoverable. An impairment is considered to exist if the total estimated future cash flows on an undiscounted basis are less than the carrying amount of the assets
 including goodwill
 if any. An impairment loss is measured and recorded based on discounted estimated future cash flows. In estimating future cash flows
 assets are grouped at the lowest level for which there is identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of future cash flows from other asset groups.


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;Revenue recognition&lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;br/&gt;
      Revenue is recognized when the following four revenue criteria are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 the selling price is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Sales revenue is recognized net of value added and sales related taxes
 sales discounts and returns at the time when the merchandise is delivered to the customer. Based on historical experience


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;Share-based payments&lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;br/&gt;
      The Company accounts for share-based compensation awards to employees in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718
 &amp;#8220;Compensation &amp;#8211; Stock Compensation&amp;#8221;
 which requires that share-based payment transactions with employees be measured based on the grant-date fair value of the equity instrument issued and recognized as compensation expense over the requisite service period.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company accounts for share-based compensation awards to non-employees in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718 and FASB ASC Subtopic 505-50
 &amp;#8220;Equity-Based Payments to Non-employees&amp;#8221;. Under FASB ASC Topic 718 and FASB ASC Subtopic 505-50
 stock compensation granted to non-employees has been determined as the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of equity instrument issued


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;Income taxes&lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      The Company is subject to income taxes in the United States and other foreign jurisdictions where it operates. The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 740
 &amp;#8220;Income Taxes&amp;#8221;. FASB ASC Topic 740 requires an asset and liability approach for financial accounting and reporting for income taxes and allows recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets based upon the likelihood of realization of tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits
 or that future deductibility is uncertain.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s income tax returns are subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service (&amp;#8220;IRS&amp;#8221;) and other tax authorities in the locations where it operates. The Company assesses potentially unfavorable outcomes of such examinations based on the criteria of FASB ASC 740-10-25-5 through 740-10-25-7 and 740-10-25-13 (formerly FASB Interpretation No. 48 (&amp;#8220;FIN 48&amp;#8221;) &amp;#8220;Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes&amp;#8221;). The interpretation prescribes a more-likely-than-not threshold for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken (or expected to be taken) in a tax return. This Interpretation also provides guidance on derecognition of income tax assets and liabilities
 classification of current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities
 accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax positions


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;Research and development costs&lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      Research and development costs are expensed as incurred
 and are charged to general and administrative expenses. Research and development costs were $159
229
      and $173
881
      for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;Advertising costs&lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      The Company expenses all advertising costs as incurred. Advertising costs charged to selling expenses were
      nil
      and $10
437
      for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;Shipping and handling costs&lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      Substantially all costs of shipping and handling of products to customers are included in selling expense. Shipping and handling costs for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 were insignificant.


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;Comprehensive income&lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      FASB ASC Topic 220
 &amp;#8220;Comprehensive Income&amp;#8221;
 establishes standards for reporting and displaying comprehensive income and its components in the consolidated financial statements. Accumulated other comprehensive income includes foreign currency translation adjustments.


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;Foreign currency&lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      The Company uses the United States dollar (&amp;#8220;US Dollar&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;US$&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;$&amp;#8221;) for financial reporting purposes. The PRC subsidiaries and VIEs within the Company maintain their books and records in their functional currency
 Chinese Renminbi (&amp;#8220;RMB&amp;#8221;)
 being the lawful currency in the PRC. Assets and liabilities of the PRC subsidiaries and VIEs are translated from RMB into US Dollars using the applicable exchange rates prevailing at the balance sheet date. Items on the statements of income and cash flows are translated at average exchange rates during the reporting period. Equity accounts are translated at historical rates. Adjustments resulting from the translation of the Company&amp;#8217;s financial statements are recorded as accumulated other comprehensive income.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The exchange rates used to translate amounts in RMB into US Dollars for the purposes of preparing the consolidated financial statements are based on the rates as published on the website of People&amp;#8217;s Bank of China and are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;December 31
 2014&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;December 31
 2013&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Balance sheet items
 except for equity accounts&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
              US$1
              =RMB6.1190
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
              US$1
              =RMB6.0969
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;Items in the statements of income and cash flows&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
              US$1
              =RMB6.1428
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
              US$1
              =RMB6.1932
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;No representation is made that the RMB amounts could have been
 or could be
 converted into US Dollars at the above rates. The value of RMB against US dollars and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by
 among other things


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;Segment reporting&lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      The Company follows FASB ASC Topic 280
 &amp;#8220;Segment Reporting&amp;#8221;
 which requires that companies disclose segment data based on how management makes decisions about allocating resources to segments and evaluating their performance.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company believes that during the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 it operated in three business segments &amp;#8211; growing and sales of Cordyceps Militaris
 which is widely used for Chinese medicine; manufacturing and sale of functional health beverages featuring the Cordyceps Militaris as a core ingredient; and sales of organic and specialty products. The manufacturing and sale of Cordyceps Militaris functional health beverages was launched in the fourth quarter of 2010.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Throughout the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;Earnings per share&lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      The Company reports earnings per share in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 260
 Earnings per Share. FASB ASC Topic 260 requires presentation of basic and diluted earnings per share in conjunction with the disclosure of the methodology used in computing such earnings per share. Basic earnings per share excludes dilution and is computed by dividing income available to common stockholders by the weighted average common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share takes into account the potential dilution (using the treasury stock method) that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised and converted into common stock.


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;Commitments and contingencies&lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      The Company follows FASB ASC Subtopic 450-20
 &amp;#8220;Loss Contingencies&amp;#8221; in determining its accruals and disclosures with respect to loss contingencies. Accordingly
 estimated losses from loss contingencies are accrued by a charge to income when information available prior to issuance of the financial statements indicates that it is probable that a liability could be incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Legal expenses associated with the contingency are expensed as incurred. If a loss contingency is not probable or reasonably estimable
 disclosure of the loss contingency is made in the financial statements when it is at least reasonably possible that a material loss could be incurred.


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;Recent accounting pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      In April 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-08 &amp;#8220;Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (Topic 360) - Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity&amp;#8221;
 which changes the threshold for reporting discontinued operations and adds new disclosures. The new guidance defines a discontinued operation as a disposal that &amp;#8220;represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity&amp;#8217;s operations and financial results.&amp;#8221; The standard is required to be adopted by public business entities in annual periods beginning on or after December 15
 2014
 and interim periods within those annual periods. Entities may &amp;#8220;early adopt&amp;#8221; the guidance for new disposals. The Company is currently evaluating the impact on its consolidated financial statements of adopting this guidance.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) which clarifies and improves the principles for recognizing revenue and develops a common revenue standard for United States generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP) and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) that among other things
 improves comparability of revenue recognition practices and provides more useful information to users of financial statements through improved disclosure requirements. The amendments in ASU 2014-09 are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that reporting period. Early application is not permitted. The Company is currently reviewing the impact on its consolidated financial statements of adopting this guidance.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In June 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-12
 Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718) which provides explicit guidance on the treatment of awards with performance targets that could be achieved after the requisite service period. The amendments in ASU 2014-12 are effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15
 2015. The Company does not expect that the adoption will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In August 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 Presentation of Financial Statements &amp;#8211; Going Concern. This standard requires management to evaluate for each annual and interim reporting period whether it is probable that the reporting entity will not be able to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. If the entity is in such a position
 the standard provides for certain disclosures depending on whether or not the entity will be able to successfully mitigate its going concern status. This guideline is effective for annual periods ending after December 15
 2016 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=20%&gt;Useful Life&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=20%&gt;(In years)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff width=20%&gt;
          20
          -
          40
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Machinery and motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=20%&gt;
          5
          -
          10
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff width=20%&gt;
          5
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=20%&gt;Useful Life&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=20%&gt;(In years)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Exclusive right&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff width=20%&gt;
          10
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Computer software&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=20%&gt;
          4
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;December 31
 2014&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;December 31
 2013&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Balance sheet items
 except for equity accounts&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
          US$1
          =RMB6.1190
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
          US$1
          =RMB6.0969
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Items in the statements of income and cash flows&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
          US$1
          =RMB6.1428
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
          US$1
          =RMB6.1932
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;b&gt;NOTE 3&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS AND FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company values its financial instruments as required by FASB ASC 320-12-65 (formerly SFAS No. 107
 &amp;#8220;Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments&amp;#8221;). The estimated fair value amounts have been determined by the Company
 using available market information or other appropriate valuation methodologies. However
 considerable judgment is required in interpreting market data to develop estimates of fair value. Consequently
 the estimates are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that could be realized or would be paid in a current market exchange.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;ASC Topic 820
 Fair Value Measurement and Disclosures
 defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. This topic also establishes a fair value hierarchy which requires classification based on observable and unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The fair value hierarchy distinguishes between assumptions based on market data (observable inputs) and an entity&amp;#8217;s own assumptions (unobservable inputs). The hierarchy consists of three levels:&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Level one &amp;#8212;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=80%&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Level two &amp;#8212;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=80%&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Inputs other than level one inputs that are either directly or indirectly observable; and&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Level three &amp;#8212;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=80%&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Unobservable inputs developed using estimates and assumptions
 which are developed by the reporting entity and reflect those assumptions that a market participant would use.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Determining which category an asset or liability falls within the hierarchy requires significant judgment. The Company evaluates its hierarchy disclosures each quarter. The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents
 trade and other receivables and payables approximate their fair values due to the short maturities of these instruments.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;For stock-based derivative financial instruments
 the Company uses Monte-Carlo simulation methods to value the derivative instruments at inception and on subsequent valuation dates.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;There was no asset or liability measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis as of December 31
 2014 and December 31


      &lt;b&gt;NOTE 4&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE
 NET&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Accounts receivable consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                93
066
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                56
922
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Less: Allowance for doubtful debts&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Accounts receivable
 net&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                93
066
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                56
922
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;No allowance was deemed necessary as of December 31


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            93
066
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            56
922
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Less: Allowance for doubtful debts&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Accounts receivable
 net&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            93
066
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            56
922
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;b&gt;NOTE 5&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; INVENTORIES&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Inventories by major categories are summarized as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Raw materials&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                169
025
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                240
498
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Work in progress&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                432
322
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                404
190
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                34
062
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                47
159
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  635
409
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  691
847
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Raw materials&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            169
025
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            240
498
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Work in progress&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
            432
322
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
            404
190
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            34
062
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            47
159
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              635
409
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              691
847
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;b&gt;NOTE 6&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Prepayments and other receivables consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Prepayments for raw material purchasing&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                1
470
434
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                1
271
672
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;
                Other receivables
 net of $nil
                allowance
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                19
366
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                28
340
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  1
489
800
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  1
300
012
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Prepayments for raw material purchasing&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            1
470
434
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            1
271
672
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;
            Other receivables
 net of $nil
            allowance
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            19
366
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            28
340
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              1
489
800
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              1
300
012
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;b&gt;NOTE 7&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Intangible assets
 net consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Computer software
 cost&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                1
623
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                1
629
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Exclusive right to use a secret process
 at cost&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                4
904
731
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                4
922
509
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Less: Accumulated amortization&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                (4
293
039
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                (3
816
401
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  613
315
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  1
107
737
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      In April 2006
 the Company purchased from a third party a ten-year exclusive right to use a secret process and method in the cultivation and growing of Cordyceps Militaris
 which is widely used for traditional Chinese medicine
 for a cash consideration of RMB30
000
000
 payable over five years. The exclusive right is amortized over its term of ten years using the straight-line method.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Amortization expense was $488
521
      and $484
640
      for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. The estimated expense of the intangible assets over each of the next two years will be:
    &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Fiscal 2015&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                490
421
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Fiscal 2016&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                122
894
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  613
315
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Computer software
 cost&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            1
623
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            1
629
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Exclusive right to use a secret process
 at cost&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
            4
904
731
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
            4
922
509
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Less: Accumulated amortization&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            (4
293
039
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            (3
816
401
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              613
315
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              1
107
737
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Fiscal 2015&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            490
421
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Fiscal 2016&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            122
894
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              613
315
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;b&gt;NOTE 8&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 NET&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment
 net consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Cost:&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                19
712
166
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                19
783
618
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                29
108
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                29
213
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;Machinery&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                137
317
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                137
815
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                118
815
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                119
246
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Total cost&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                19
997
406
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                20
069
892
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Less: Accumulated depreciation&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                (5
572
464
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                (4
588
643
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Net book value&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  14
424
942
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  15
481
249
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Depreciation expense was $996
518
      and $988
856
      for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 respectively.


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Cost:&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            19
712
166
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            19
783
618
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
            29
108
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
            29
213
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;Machinery&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            137
317
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            137
815
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            118
815
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            119
246
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Total cost&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            19
997
406
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            20
069
892
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Less: Accumulated depreciation&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            (5
572
464
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            (4
588
643
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Net book value&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              14
424
942
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              15
481
249
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;b&gt;NOTE 9&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; OTHER PAYABLES
 ACCRUALS AND TAXES PAYABLE&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Other payables and accruals consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Accrued staff costs&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                943
700
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                1
086
644
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Other payables&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                46
590
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                81
313
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  990
290
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  1
167
957
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Accrued staff costs mainly represent salary payables
 fringe and social benefit accruals. According to the prevailing laws and regulations of the PRC
 all eligible employees of the Company&amp;#8217;s subsidiaries and VIEs are entitled to staff welfare benefits including medical care
 welfare subsidies
 unemployment insurance and pension benefits through a PRC government-mandated multi-employer defined contribution plan (&amp;#8220;social insurance&amp;#8221;). The Company&amp;#8217;s subsidiaries and VIEs are required to: i) accrue the social insurance based on certain percentages of the qualified employees&amp;#8217; salaries; and ii) make contributions to the plans for the amounts accrued. For the past periods
 the Company&amp;#8217;s subsidiaries and VIEs recorded the accrual amount but the actual social insurance plan was not established to receive the contribution. The recorded accruals for the social insurance reflected an estimate of the probable liability incurred based on the information available at the date of each financial statement.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Upon establishment of the plans in December 2013
 the Company&amp;#8217;s subsidiaries and VIEs began to contribute to the plans for all currently eligible employees. Based on the number of the eligible employees&amp;#8217; salaries and the prevailing laws and regulations of PRC at that time
 the Company&amp;#8217;s subsidiaries and VIEs re-measured the liabilities incurred to be $1
042
880. As a result
 the Company derecognized $934
855
      of previously accrued staff costs
 resulting in a gain on re-measurement of accrued staff fringe and social benefits and recorded that amount in the income statement in the year 2013. No re-measurement made for the year 2014.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Taxes payable consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Value added tax&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                423
818
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                451
340
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Income tax&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                2
207
274
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                2
316
261
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Others&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                117
491
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                111
571
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  2
748
583
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  2
879
172
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Accrued staff costs&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            943
700
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            1
086
644
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Other payables&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            46
590
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            81
313
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              990
290
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              1
167
957
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Value added tax&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            423
818
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            451
340
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Income tax&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
            2
207
274
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
            2
316
261
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Others&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            117
491
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            111
571
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              2
748
583
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              2
879
172
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;b&gt;NOTE 10 STOCKHOLDERS&amp;#8217; EQUITY&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;Private Placement in 2010&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On December 17
 2009
 the Company completed a private placement transaction and sold
      1
000
000
      shares of common stock to certain accredited investors at $2.50
      per share for a total of $2.5
      million pursuant to a securities purchase agreement. In addition
 the Company issued to each of the investors two warrants to purchase in aggregate
      500
000
      shares of common stock
 including a Series A warrant having a term of three years with an exercise price of $3.25
      per share and a Series B warrant having a term of three years with an exercise price of $4.00
      per share
 both of which are subject to the usual adjustments for certain corporate events.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      In addition
 pursuant to the securities purchase agreement
 the Shareholder agreed to place a total of
      1
000
000
      shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock held by it into escrow to secure the make good obligations described below on behalf of the investors. Under the securities purchase agreement
 the Shareholder agreed that: (i) in the event that the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial statements reflect less than $9
000
000
      of after-tax income for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2010
 it would transfer to the investors
 on a pro rata basis
 for no additional consideration
      500
000
      shares of common stock owned by it; and (ii) in the event that the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial statements reflect less than $11
000
000
      of after-tax net income for the fiscal year ending December 31
 2011
 it would transfer to the investors
 on a pro rata basis
 for no additional consideration
      500
000
      shares of common stock owned by it. The Company achieved the 2011 and 2010 performance threshold and no escrow shares had been transferred to the investors.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On May 27
 2010
 the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement) with certain investors
 pursuant to which
 the Company agreed to issue and sell up to an aggregate of
      250
000
      units at a purchase price of $28.56
      per unit
 for an aggregate purchase price of up to $7
140
000
      (the Aggregate Purchase Price). Each unit consists of (i) one share of a newly designated series A preferred stock
 (Series A Preferred Stock)
 with an initial one-to-ten conversion ratio convertible into shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock
 (Common Stock)
 and (ii) warrants to purchase five shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $3.40
      per share (Warrants
 together with the shares of Series A Preferred Stock
 the Securities). In addition
 the Company and the investors agreed
 that the placement agent of this transaction
 will receive from the investors a fee equal to
      2% of the Aggregate Purchase Price and Warrants to purchase
      2% of the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be issued under the Securities Purchase Agreement are convertible into.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement
 the Company also granted registration rights to holders of registrable securities
 which include shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon conversion of shares of the Series A Preferred Stock and shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants (the Registrable Securities). Holders holding a majority of the Securities then outstanding may request the Company to file a registration statement to register the Registrable Securities within a pre-defined period (the Registration Statement). The Company may be subject to liquidated damages in the amounts prescribed by the Securities Purchase Agreement if it is unable to file the Registration Statement timely or maintain its effectiveness as required by the Securities Purchase Agreement.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On June 7
 2010
 the Company effected the first closing of a private placement transaction and issued approximately
      123
403
      units at a purchase price of $28.56
      per unit for gross proceeds of $3
524
342.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On June 28
 2010
 the Company effected the second closing of a private placement transaction and issued approximately
      74
303
      units at a purchase price of $28.56
      per unit for gross proceeds of $2
121
938.
    &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;Allocation of Proceeds in the Private Placement&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The guidance provided in ASC 470-20-30-5 has been applied to the amount allocated to the convertible Series A Preferred Stock
 and the effective conversion price has been used
 to measure the intrinsic value
 if any
 of the embedded conversion option. The fair value of the embedded conversion features of the Series A Preferred Stock of $1
143
198
      and $644
532
      were calculated using the intrinsic value model in accordance with the guidance provided in ASC Topic 470-20-30-6 (formerly EITF 00-27
 &amp;#8220;Application of Issue No. 98-5 to Certain Convertible Instruments&amp;#8221;) and limited to the amount of the proceeds allocated to the convertible instrument on June 7
 2010 and June 28
 2010
 respectively. The intrinsic value of the beneficial conversion feature was calculated by comparing the effective conversion price
 which was determined based on the proceeds from the private placement allocated to the convertible Series A Preferred Stock
 and the market price of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock of $3.20
      and $3.16
      on June 7
 2010 and June 28
 2010
 respectively. The fair value of $1
143
198
      and $644
532
      of the beneficial conversion feature has been recognized as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible Series A Preferred Stock and an addition to paid-in capital.
    &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The following table sets out the allocation of the proceeds from the Private Placement:&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Proceeds of the private placement on June 7
 2010&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                3
524
342
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Allocation of proceeds to Series C Warrants to investors&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                (718
698
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Allocation of proceeds to beneficial conversion feature&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                (1
143
198
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Amortization of discount resulting from the accounting for a beneficial conversion feature&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
                1
143
198
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Convertible Series A Preferred Stock (net of fees and expenses) at December 31
 2010&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                2
805
644
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Preferred stock converted into common stock&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
                (85
546
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Convertible Series A Preferred Stock at December 31
 2011&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                2
720
098
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Preferred stock converted into common stock&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
                (689
392
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Convertible Series A Preferred Stock at December 31
 2012 and 2013&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                2
030
706
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Preferred stock converted into common stock&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
                (509
535
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Convertible Series A Preferred Stock at December 31
 2014&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=12%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  1
521
171
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Proceeds of the private placement on June 28
 2010&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                2
121
938
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Allocation of proceeds to Series C Warrants to investors&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                (418
668
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Allocation of proceeds to beneficial conversion feature&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                (644
532
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Amortization of discount resulting from the accounting for a beneficial conversion feature&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                644
532
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Convertible Series A Preferred Stock (net of fees and expenses) at December 31
 2010&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                1
703
270
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Preferred stock converted into common stock&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                (1
052
162
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Convertible Series A Preferred Stock at December 31
 2011&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                651
108
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Preferred stock converted into common stock&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                (104
490
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Convertible Series A Preferred Stock at December 31
 2012&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                546
618
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Preferred stock converted into common stock&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                (67
141
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Convertible Series A Preferred Stock at December 31
 2013&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                479
477
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Preferred stock converted into common stock&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                (226
876
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Convertible Series A Preferred Stock at December 31
 2014&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  252
601
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In accordance with ASC Topic 470-20-30-6
 the discount on the Series A Preferred Stock resulting from the accounting for a beneficial conversion feature was amortized and charged to retained earnings
 because the Series A Preferred Stock is immediately convertible upon issuance and has no stated redemption date. Amortization of the discount resulting from the accounting for a beneficial conversion feature is considered analogous to a return to holders of perpetual preferred stock and has been accounted for as a reduction to net income available to common stockholders for the purpose of calculation of earnings per share.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;Preferred Stock&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The Board of the Company is authorized
 without further action by the shareholders
 to issue
 from time to time
 up to
      1
000
000
      shares of preferred stock in one or more classes or series. Similarly
 the Board is authorized to fix or alter the designations
 powers
 preferences and the number of shares which constitute each such class or series of preferred stock. Such designations
 powers or preferences may include
 without limitation
 dividend rights (and whether dividends are cumulative)
 conversion rights
 if any
 voting rights (including the number of votes
 if any
 per share)
 redemption rights (including sinking fund provisions
 if any)
 and liquidation preferences of any unissued shares or wholly unissued series of preferred stock.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On May 27
 2010
 the Company created
 from the authorized but unissued shares of its preferred stock
 a series of preferred stock consisting of
      300
000
      shares and has designated this series of preferred stock as the Series A Preferred Stock of which the Company issued
      197
706
      shares upon the closings of the private placement in 2010.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The following are the principal terms of the Series A Preferred Stock:&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Rank: The Series A Preferred Stock ranks senior to the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock
 but junior to all indebtedness of the Company.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Dividend: Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to a cumulative dividend at an annual rate of
      6% of the Series A Preferred Stock
 payable in additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock
 compounded quarterly
 and payable upon the occurrence of a Liquidation Event
 Conversion
 Mandatory Conversion or from time-to-time at the discretion of the Board. When dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock are paid
 each such additional share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be valued at the Original Series A Purchase Price
 which may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to a split
 subdivision
 combination or other similar events.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Optional Conversion: Shares of the Series A Preferred Stock are optionally convertible into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock at a conversion rate calculated by dividing (i) $28.00
      per share plus any declared
 accrued but unpaid dividends by (ii) the conversion price (the &amp;#8220;Conversion Price&amp;#8221;)
 which is initially $2.80
      per share
 subject to adjustment as provided in the Certificate. Initially
 each share of Series A Preferred Stock is convertible into
      10
      shares of Common Stock.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Mandatory Conversion: All outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock will automatically convert to shares of Common Stock
 subject to the conversion restrictions set forth in the Certificate of Designation (the Mandatory Conversion)
 at the earlier to occur of (i) the Company&amp;#8217;s shares of Common Stock are listed on the New York Stock Exchange
 the NYSE Amex
 the NASDAQ Global Market
 the NASDAQ Global Select Market or the NASDAQ Capital Market (each
 a National Stock Exchange) and the registration statement on Form S-1 or such other appropriate form promulgated by the SEC registering the Common Stock underlying the Securities pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement is declared effective by the Commission
 and (ii)
      12
      months from the date that the Company's shares of Common Stock are first listed on a National Stock Exchange.
    &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Adjustment to Conversion Price: If the Company shall issue any additional stock without consideration or for consideration per share less than the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to the issuance of such additional stock
 then such Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such issuance shall be adjusted to a price determined by multiplying such Conversion Price by a fraction:&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Sum of (x) the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the issuance of such additional stock plus (y) the number of shares of Common Stock that the aggregate consideration received by the Company for the total number of such additional stock so issued would purchase at Conversion Price (divided by) (x) the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the issuance of such additional stock plus (y) the number of shares of such additional stock so issued.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Voting: The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will vote on an as converted basis
 together with the Common Stock
 as a single class
 in connection with any proposal submitted to the Company&amp;#8217;s stockholders
 except as required by Nevada law.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Liquidation Preference: The Series A Preferred Stock has a preference over the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock on the Company&amp;#8217;s liquidation
 dissolution or winding up equal to $28
      per share of the Series A Preferred Stock plus any accrued but unpaid dividends thereon
 as of the date of liquidation.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Registration Rights: The holders of Series A Preferred Stock have the right to request the Company to file a Registration Statement to register &amp;#8220;Registrable Securities&amp;#8221; (which include the common stock into which the Series A Preferred Stock and Warrants are convertible). Upon such request
 no later than
      30
      days upon receipt of such request (the &amp;#8220;Required Filing Date&amp;#8221;) the Company should use its commercially reasonable efforts to register the Common Stock underlying the Registrable Securities and have the Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC which is not later than the earlier of (x)
      150
      calendar days after the Required Filing Date
 or (y) if the Registration Statement is not reviewed by the SEC
      5
      business days after oral or written notice to the Company or its counsel from the SEC that there will not be a review.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Effect of failure to file and obtain and maintain effectiveness of Registration Statement &amp;#8211; the Company shall pay to each holder of Registrable Securities an amount in cash equal to
      1% of the aggregate purchase price of the Securities owned by such holder as liquidated damages
 but in no event shall liquidated damages exceed
      8% of the Purchase Price.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;Accounting for Series A Preferred Stock&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company has evaluated the terms of the Series A Preferred Stock and determined that the Series A Preferred Stock
 without embodying an obligation for the Company to repurchase or to settle by transferring assets
 is not a liability in accordance with the guidance provided in ASC Topic 480
 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Also
 the Series A Preferred Stock has no redemption clause at all
 it is not a mezzanine equity (out of permanent equity) in accordance with the requirement of ASC 480-10-S99.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Series A Preferred Stock is not subject to redemption (except on liquidation) and the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to vote together with common stock holders on an as-converted basis. The Series A Preferred Stock
 excluding the embedded conversion option
 are considered to be an equity instrument and accordingly
 the embedded conversion option has not been separated and accounted for as a derivative instrument liability.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      During the year ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
      32
290
      shares and
      2
944
      shares of Series A Preferred Stock were converted into
      322
900
      shares and
      29
440
      shares of common stock
 at a
      1
      for
      10
      ratio. In addition
 during the year ended December 31
 2014
      79
480
      shares and
      6
840
      shares of common stock were issued to the investors as settlement of stock dividends of $222
486
      and $19
138
 respectively.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;Common Stock Purchase Warrants&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;u&gt;Series C Warrants&lt;/u&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      In connection with the issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock
 the Company issued Series C Warrants to the investors and the placement agent to purchase up to
      592
327
      and
      24
681
      shares
 respectively
 of common stock on June 7
 2010 and
      356
634
      and
      14
859
      shares
 respectively
 on June 28
 2010
 respectively
 all at an exercise price of $3.40
      per share issued and outstanding. The Series C Warrants have a term of exercise expiring
      3
      years from the issuance date. The Series C Warrants at the option of the holder
 may be exercised by cash payment of the exercise price or
 the holder may acquire the underlying shares of common stock through a cashless exercise.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company will not receive any additional proceeds to the extent that the Series C Warrants are exercised by cashless exercise.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The exercise price and number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Series C Warrants may be adjusted for: 1) upon issuance of additional stock lower than the exercise price
 2) upon subdivision or combination of common stocks; or 3) upon distribution of assets and other dilutive events.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;Accounting for Series A
 Series B and Series C Warrants&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Series A and Series B Warrants issued to certain investors on December 17
 2009 to purchase
      500
000
      shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock had a term of three years and exercise prices of $3.25
      and $4.00
      per share
 respectively. These warrants contain standard anti-dilution provisions for stock dividends
 stock splits
 stock combination
 recapitalization and a change of control transaction. Because these warrants do not contain any contingent exercise provisions and their settlement amount will equal the difference between the fair value of a fixed number of the Company&amp;#8217;s equity shares and a fixed strike price
 these warrants
 which are freestanding instruments
 qualify for the scope exception under the guidance provided in ASC 815-40-15-5 through 815-40-15-8
 and are considered indexed to the Company&amp;#226;&amp;#8364;&amp;#8482;s own stock. Accordingly
 Series A and Series B Warrants have been classified as equity. Series A and Series B Warrants expired on December 16
 2012.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Since the Series C Warrants issued to the investors and the placement agent in June 2010 contain reset exercise price provisions
 the Company had determined to classify these warrants as derivative liabilities. The reset exercise provisions of the warrants issued to the investors and the placement agent in June 2010 were recorded at their relative fair values at issuance of $1
182
860
      and will continue to be recorded at fair value at each subsequent balance sheet date. Any change in value between reporting periods will be recorded as other income (expense). These warrants will continue to be reported as a liability until such time when they are exercised or expire. The fair value of these warrants is estimated using Monte-Carlo simulation methods. Since all Series C Warrants expired on June 28
 2013
 the Company recorded
      nil
      and $173
      in other income related to the change in the fair value of the Series C Warrants for the year ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Proceeds of the private placement on June 7
 2010&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            3
524
342
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Allocation of proceeds to Series C Warrants to investors&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            (718
698
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Allocation of proceeds to beneficial conversion feature&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            (1
143
198
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Amortization of discount resulting from the accounting for a beneficial conversion feature&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
            1
143
198
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Convertible Series A Preferred Stock (net of fees and expenses) at December 31
 2010&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            2
805
644
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Preferred stock converted into common stock&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
            (85
546
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Convertible Series A Preferred Stock at December 31
 2011&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            2
720
098
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Preferred stock converted into common stock&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
            (689
392
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Convertible Series A Preferred Stock at December 31
 2012 and 2013&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            2
030
706
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Preferred stock converted into common stock&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
            (509
535
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Convertible Series A Preferred Stock at December 31
 2014&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=12%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            &lt;b&gt;
              1
521
171
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Proceeds of the private placement on June 28
 2010&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            2
121
938
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Allocation of proceeds to Series C Warrants to investors&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            (418
668
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Allocation of proceeds to beneficial conversion feature&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            (644
532
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Amortization of discount resulting from the accounting for a beneficial conversion feature&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            644
532
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Convertible Series A Preferred Stock (net of fees and expenses) at December 31
 2010&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            1
703
270
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Preferred stock converted into common stock&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            (1
052
162
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Convertible Series A Preferred Stock at December 31
 2011&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            651
108
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Preferred stock converted into common stock&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            (104
490
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Convertible Series A Preferred Stock at December 31
 2012&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            546
618
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Preferred stock converted into common stock&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            (67
141
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Convertible Series A Preferred Stock at December 31
 2013&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            479
477
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Preferred stock converted into common stock&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            (226
876
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Convertible Series A Preferred Stock at December 31
 2014&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            &lt;b&gt;
              252
601
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;b&gt;NOTE 11 STATUTORY RESERVES&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      In accordance with the PRC Companies Law
 the Company&amp;#8217;s PRC subsidiaries and VIEs are required to transfer
      10% of their profits after tax
 as determined in accordance with accounting standards and regulations of the PRC
 to the statutory surplus reserve. However
 the Company&amp;#8217;s PRC subsidiaries and VIEs are not required to transfer any profit after tax to the statutory surplus reserve after the accumulated statutory surplus reserves reaches
      50% of registered capital of the Company&amp;#8217;s PRC subsidiaries and VIEs. The statutory surplus reserve is non-distributable.

  
  

      &lt;b&gt;NOTE 12 SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The Company was authorized to issue an aggregate of
      2
500
000
      shares of its common stock under the 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (&amp;#8220;Plan&amp;#8221;) as equity awards of incentive stock options
 non-statutory stock options
 restricted stock
 and other equity incentives to employees
 officers
 directors and consultants. The Plan expires in 2019 and as of December 31
 2014
 there were
      470
000
      shares of common stock available for grant pursuant to the Plan.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;u&gt;Stock options granted to Management&lt;/u&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On July 16
 2010
 the Company entered into a stock option agreement with Mr. Robert Tick (&amp;#8220;Mr. Tick&amp;#8221;)
 the Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 under the Company&amp;#8217;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan. Pursuant to the terms of the stock option agreement
 Mr. Tick was granted options to purchase an aggregate of
      150
000
      shares of common stock of the Company
 consisting of
 an option to purchase
      75
000
      shares that vested in 2011 with an exercise price of $5.00
      per share
 and an option to purchase
      75
000
      shares that vested in 2012 with an exercise price of $7.00
      per share. Each of these options expires three years after their respective vesting dates.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      According to the stock option agreement
 in the event Mr. Tick&amp;#8217;s employment with the Company is terminated for any reason except for death or disability
 he may exercise these options only to the extent that these options would have been exercisable on the termination date and no later than three months after the termination date. If Mr. Tick&amp;#8217;s employment is terminated because of his death or disability
 these options may be exercised only to the extent that these options would have been exercisable by Mr. Tick on the termination date and must be exercised by Mr. Tick no later than twelve months after the termination date. If the employment is terminated for cause as defined in the stock option agreement
 these options will terminate immediately. In no event will these options be exercised later than December 31
 2015. As of December 31
 2014
 a total of
      75
000
      options granted on July 16
 2010
 which vested on or before December 31
 2011
 had expired.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On January 24
 2011
 the Compensation Committee of the Board approved the repricing of the options that the Company granted to Mr. Tick on July 16
 2010. As a result
 each such option outstanding had an exercise price of $3.50
      per share which was higher than the closing price of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock on the OTC Bulletin Board on the date of repricing. In addition
 the vesting schedules of the outstanding options granted to Mr. Tick were changed from vesting on an annual basis to vesting on a semi-annual basis.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On August 8
 2013
 the Company entered into a stock option agreement with Mr. Tick
 under the Company&amp;#8217;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan. Pursuant to the terms of the stock option agreement
 Mr. Tick was granted options to purchase an aggregate of
      75
000
      shares of common stock of the Company
 consisting of
 an option to purchase
      37
500
      shares that vested in November 15
 2013 with an exercise price of $0.83
      per share
 and an option to purchase
      37
500
      shares that vested in April 15
 2014 with an exercise price of $0.83
      per share. Each of these options expires three years after their respective vesting dates.
    &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In accordance with the guidance provided in ASC Topic 718
 Stock Compensation
 the compensation costs associated with these options are recognized
 based on the grant-date fair values of these options
 over the requisite service period
 or vesting period. Also in accordance with ASC Topic 718
 incremental compensation cost is measured as the excess
 if any
 of the fair value of the modified award over the fair value of the original award immediately before its terms are modified. The fair value of the option award was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option valuation model. The valuation was based on the assumptions noted in the following table.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Expected volatility&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=40%&gt;
                73%
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Expected dividend&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=40%&gt;
                0%
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Expected terms (in year)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=40%&gt;
                1
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Risk-free rate&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=40%&gt;
                0.12%
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;A summary of options issued and outstanding at December 31
 2014 and the movements during the two years then ended are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Weighted- Average&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Underlying&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Intrinsic&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Contractual Life&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Per Share&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Value&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  &lt;sup&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Remaining in Years&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Outstanding at January 1
 2013&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                150
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                3.50
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                2.25
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Granted&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                75
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                0.83
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                96
750
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                3.08
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Expired&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Forfeited&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2013&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                225
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                2.61
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                96
750
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  1.86
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Granted&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Expired&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                (75
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                3.50
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Forfeited&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  150
000
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  2.17
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  57
000
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  1.41
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Exercisable at December 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  150
000
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  2.17
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  57
000
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  1.41
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;(1)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pre-tax intrinsic value that would have been realized by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options on December 31
 2014. The intrinsic value of a stock option is the excess of the Company&amp;#8217;s closing stock price on December 31
 2014 of $1.59
              per share over the exercise price $0.83
              per share
 multiplied by the number of shares subject to the option.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The Company recognized compensation expense of $7
371
      and $10
179
      in relation to the options granted to Mr. Tick for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.
    &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;Restricted shares granted to Management&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On July 16
 2010
 the Company also entered into a restricted shares grant agreement (the Restricted Shares Grant Agreement) under the Company&amp;#8217;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan with Mr. Tick. Pursuant to the terms of the Restricted Shares Grant Agreement
 the Company granted to Mr. Tick
      150
000
      restricted shares (the &amp;#8220;Restricted Shares&amp;#8221;) of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock subject to the vesting schedule therein. If Mr. Tick&amp;#8217;s service with the Company ceases for any reason other than Mr. Tick&amp;#8217;s (a) death
 (b) disability
 (c) retirement
 or (d) termination by the Company without cause
 any unvested restricted shares will be automatically forfeited to the Company.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On November 26
 2012
 the Company also entered into a restricted shares grant agreement (the Second Restricted Shares Grant Agreement) under the Company&amp;#8217;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan with Mr. Tick. Pursuant to the terms of the Second Restricted Shares Grant Agreement
 the Company granted to Mr. Tick
      20
000
      restricted shares (the &amp;#8220;Restricted Shares&amp;#8221;) of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock subject to the vesting schedule therein. If Mr. Tick&amp;#8217;s service with the Company ceases for any reason other than Mr. Tick&amp;#8217;s (a) death
 (b) disability
 (c) retirement
 or (d) termination by the Company without cause
 any unvested restricted shares will be automatically forfeited to the Company. The Second Restricted Shares vested immediately upon grant
 on November 26
 2012.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On August 8
 2013
 the Company entered into a restricted shares grant agreement (the Third Restricted Shares Grant Agreement) under the Company&amp;#8217;s Plan with Mr. Tick. Pursuant to the terms of the Third Restricted Shares Grant Agreement
 the Company granted to Mr. Tick
      75
000
      restricted shares (the &amp;#8220;Restricted Shares&amp;#8221;) of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock subject to the vesting schedule therein. If Mr. Tick&amp;#8217;s service with the Company ceases for any reason other than Mr. Tick&amp;#8217;s (a) death
 (b) disability
 (c) retirement
 or (d) termination by the Company without cause
 any unvested restricted shares will be automatically forfeited to the Company. The Third Restricted Shares vested under the following schedule:
      37
500
      shares vested on November 15
 2013 and
      37
500
      shares vested on April 15
 2014.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Restricted Shares vest under the following schedule:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=center&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;Number of Shares&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=50%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;Vesting Date&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                25
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=50%&gt;December 31
 2010&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=center&gt;
                25
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=50%&gt;June 30
 2011&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                25
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=50%&gt;December 31
 2011&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=center&gt;
                25
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=50%&gt;June 30
 2012&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                20
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=50%&gt;November 26
 2012&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=center&gt;
                25
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=50%&gt;December 31
 2012&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                25
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=50%&gt;June 30
 2013&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=center&gt;
                37
500
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=50%&gt;November 15
 2013&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                37
500
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=50%&gt;April 15
 2014&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company recognizes compensation cost for an award with only service conditions that has a graded vesting schedule on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award
 provided that the compensation cost recognized at any date must at least equal the portion of the grant-date value of the award that is vested at that date. No compensation cost is recognized for instruments that are forfeited by the Company because a service condition or a performance condition is not satisfied.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Accordingly
 the Company recognized compensation expense of $25
896
      and $111
771
 related to the restricted shares granted to Mr. Tick for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 based on the estimated grant-date fair value of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock of $0.83
      on August 8
 2013
 $1.15
      on November 26
 2012 and $3.00
      on July 16
 2010.
    &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;Restricted shares granted to Employees&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On November 15
 2013
 the Company entered into a restricted shares grant agreement (the &amp;#8220;Restricted Shares Grant Agreement&amp;#8221;) under the Company&amp;#8217;s Plans with eight employees. Pursuant to the terms of the Restricted Shares Grant Agreement
 the Company granted to these employees a total of
      350
000
      restricted shares to the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock subject to the vesting schedule therein. If these employees&amp;#8217; service with the Company ceases for any reason other than these employees&amp;#8217; (a) death
 (b) disability
 (c) retirement
 or (d) termination by the Company without cause
 any unvested restricted shares will be automatically forfeited to the Company. The Restricted Shares vested immediately upon grant
 on November 15
 2013. The Company did not grant any restricted shares to employees in 2014.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company recognizes compensation cost for an award with only service conditions that has a graded vesting schedule on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award
 provided that the compensation cost recognized at any date must at least equal the portion of the grant-date value of the award that is vested at that date. No compensation cost is recognized for instruments that are forfeited by the Company because a service condition or a performance condition is not satisfied.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Accordingly
 the Company recognized compensation expense of $612
500
      related to the restricted shares granted to these employees for the year ended December 31
 2013
 based on the estimated grant-date fair value of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock of $1.75
      on November 15
 2013.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;Restricted shares granted to independent directors&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On October 5
 2010
 the Company entered into separate restricted shares grant agreements with the Company&amp;#8217;s newly elected independent directors Mr. Henry Ngan
 Ms. Virginia P&amp;#8217;an and Mr. Jianbing Zhong. Pursuant the agreements
 the Company granted
 under the Company&amp;#8217;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan
 to Mr. Ngan
      40
000
      restricted shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock
 Ms. P&amp;#8217;an
      30
000
      restricted shares and Mr. Zhong
      20
000
      restricted shares
 as compensation for the services to be provided by them as independent directors.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On January 24
 2011
 the Company entered into an independent director contract and an indemnification agreement with Mr. Kurtzig
 whereby the Company agreed to grant
 under the Company&amp;#8217;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan
 to Mr. Kurtzig
      20
000
      restricted shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock as compensation for the services to be provided by him and indemnify Mr. Kurtzig against expenses
 judgments
 fines
 penalties or other amounts actually and reasonably incurred by Mr. Kurtzig in connection with any proceeding if Mr. Kurtzig acted in good faith and in the best interests of the Company.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On August 11
 2011
 the Company entered into a restricted shares grant agreement with Mr. Kurtzig
 whereby the Company agreed to grant
 under the Company&amp;#8217;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan
 to Mr. Kurtzig
      10
000
      restricted shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock as compensation for the services to be provided by him.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On November 26
 2012
 the Company entered into separate restricted shares grant agreements with the Company&amp;#8217;s independent directors Mr. Henry Ngan
 Ms. Virginia P&amp;#8217;an
 Mr. Jianbing Zhong and Mr. Richard E. Fearon
 Jr. Pursuant the agreements
 the Company granted
 under the Company&amp;#8217;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan
 to Mr. Ngan
      30
000
      restricted shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock
 Ms. P&amp;#8217;an
      30
000
      restricted shares
 Mr. Zhong
      20
000
      restricted shares and to Mr. Fearon
 Jr.
      20
000
      restricted shares
 as compensation for the services to be provided by them as independent directors.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On August 15
 2014
 the Company entered into separate restricted shares grant agreements with the Company&amp;#8217;s independent directors Mr. Henry Ngan
 Ms. Virginia P&amp;#8217;an
 Mr. Jianbing Zhong and Mr. Richard E. Fearon
 Jr. Pursuant to the agreements
 the Company granted
 under the Company&amp;#8217;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan
      40
000
      restricted shares to each person
 as compensation for the services to be provided by them as independent directors.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The restricted shares granted to independent directors will vest in equal installments on a semi-annual basis over a two-year period. If the independent director&amp;#8217;s service with the Company ceases for any reason other than the independent director&amp;#8217;s (a) death
 (b) disability
 (c) retirement
 or (d) termination by the Company without cause
 any unvested restricted shares will be&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      automatically forfeited to the Company. On November 26
 2012
 Mr. Kurtzig resigned as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company. As a result
 the
      5
000
      unvested restricted shares have been automatically forfeited to the Company.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Accordingly
 the Company recognized a total compensation expense of $103
818
      and $66
946
      related to the restricted shares granted to the directors for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 based on the estimated grant-date fair values of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock of $1.15
      on November 26
 2012 and $2.05
      on August 15
 2014.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;Unregistered shares granted to consultant&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On August 3
 2013
 the Company entered into an investor relations agreement (the &amp;#8220;Agreement&amp;#8221;) under the Company&amp;#8217;s Plans with a consultant. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement
 the Company granted a total of
      25
000
      unregistered shares to the Company&amp;#8217;s investor relations consultant for consulting services provided by the consultant during the period August 2013 to June 2014. The Company issued
      15
000
      shares on September 16
 2013 (vesting date) and issued another
      10
000
      unregistered shares on Jan 1
 2014. The Company recognized total compensation expense of $23
746
      and $17
804
      for the year ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 based on the fair values of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock of US$1.05
      on September 16
 2013 for the
      15
000
      shares issued and the fair value of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock of $2.58
      on January 1
 2014 for the
      10
000
      shares issued. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement
 if during any three-month period
 the Average Closing Price is $2.00
      per share or greater
 the Company shall issue
      12
500
      (twelve thousand five hundred) Incentive Shares to the consultant. During the first three-month period of 2014
 the Average Closing Price is $2.84
      per share. The Company then issued
      12
500
      shares to the consultant on April 2
 2014. The Company recognized total compensation expense of $29
625
      and
      nil
      for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 based on the fair values of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock of US$2.37
      on April 2
 2014 for the
      12
500
      shares issued.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On August 15
 2014
 the Company and American Capital Ventures (the &amp;#8220;Consultant&amp;#8221;) entered into an Investor Relations Agreement (the &amp;#8220;2014 Agreement&amp;#8221;). The Company retained the Consulting Services provided by the Consultant from August 15
 2014 to June 30
 2015. Pursuant to the terms of the 2014 Agreement
 the Company has agreed to issue up to
      60
000
      shares of unregistered common stock to the consultant and its designee
 among which
      20
000
      shares were earned and vested as of August 18
 2014. During the service period
 the consultant is entitled to receive additional
      15
000
      unregistered shares of common stock if the average closing price of the common stock as reported on the Over-the Counter Bulletin Board or any other market on which the common stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question (the &amp;#8220;Average Closing Price&amp;#8221;) is at or above $3.00
      but lower than $4.00. The consultant is entitled to receive further
      25
000
      unregistered shares of common stock if the Average Closing Price is $4.00
      per share or greater and the company qualifies
 files and is approved for a NASDAQ uplisting. The Company recognized total compensation expense of $39
000
      and $nil
      for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 based on the fair values of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock of US$1.95
      on September 22
 2014 for the
      20
000
      shares issued.


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Expected volatility&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=40%&gt;
            73%
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Expected dividend&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=40%&gt;
            0%
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Expected terms (in year)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=40%&gt;
            1
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Risk-free rate&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=40%&gt;
            0.12%
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Weighted- Average&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Underlying&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Intrinsic&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Contractual Life&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Per Share&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Value&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              &lt;sup&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Remaining in Years&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Outstanding at January 1
 2013&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            150
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            3.50
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            2.25
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Granted&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            75
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            0.83
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            96
750
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            3.08
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Expired&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Forfeited&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2013&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            225
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            2.61
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            96
750
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              1.86
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Granted&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Expired&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            (75
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            3.50
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Forfeited&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              150
000
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              2.17
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              57
000
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              1.41
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Exercisable at December 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              150
000
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              2.17
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              57
000
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              1.41
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=center&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Number of Shares&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=50%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Vesting Date&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
            25
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=50%&gt;December 31
 2010&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=center&gt;
            25
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=50%&gt;June 30
 2011&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
            25
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=50%&gt;December 31
 2011&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=center&gt;
            25
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=50%&gt;June 30
 2012&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
            20
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=50%&gt;November 26
 2012&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=center&gt;
            25
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=50%&gt;December 31
 2012&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
            25
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=50%&gt;June 30
 2013&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=center&gt;
            37
500
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=50%&gt;November 15
 2013&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
            37
500
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=50%&gt;April 15
 2014&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;b&gt;NOTE 13 INCOME TAXES&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The Company&amp;#8217;s VIEs and subsidiaries incorporated in the PRC are subject to PRC enterprise income tax (&amp;#8220;EIT&amp;#8221;). Before January 1
 2008
 the PRC EIT rate was generally
      33%. In March 2007
 the PRC government enacted a new PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law
 or the New EIT Law
 and promulgated related regulations
 Implementation Regulations for the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law. The New EIT Law and Implementation Regulations became effective on January 1
 2008. The New EIT Law
 among other things
 imposes a unified income tax rate of
      25% for both domestic and foreign invested enterprises registered in the PRC.
    &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The New EIT Law provides a grandfathering on tax holidays which were granted under the then effective tax laws and regulations. Therefore
 one of the Company's VIEs
 Daqing Shuaiyi
 being engaged in growing and sales of organic and specialty food products
 continued to be entitled to a preferential tax treatment: an EIT holiday for the two years ended December 31
 2006 and 2007 and a
      50% reduction on the EIT rate for the three years ended December 31
 2008
 2009 and 2010.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Daqing Shuaiyi
 Harbin Shuayi and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi are subject to an EIT rate of
      25% for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013. No provision for PRC taxes was made for Heilongjiang Shuaiyi which had no taxable income in the PRC.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Harbin Baixin has been subject to an EIT rate of
      25% since its incorporation. No provision for PRC taxes was made as Harbin Baixin had no taxable income in the PRC.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;No provision for other overseas taxes is made as none of Nutrastar
 New Resources and Oriental Global has any taxable income in the U.S.
 British Virgin Islands or Hong Kong
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s income tax expense consisted of:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Year ended December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Current income tax &amp;#8211; PRC&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                7
870
214
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                7
812
222
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Deferred&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  7
870
214
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  7
812
222
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;A reconciliation of the provision for income taxes determined at the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate to the Company&amp;#8217;s effective income tax rate is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Year ended December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Pre-tax income&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
                30
589
988
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
                29
982
592
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;U.S. federal corporate income tax rate&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                34%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                34%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Income tax computed at U.S. federal corporate income tax rate&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                10
400
596
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                10
194
081
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Reconciling items:&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                323
009
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                542
884
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Change in fair value of warrants&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                (59
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Rate differential for PRC earnings&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                (2
823
227
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                (2
830
539
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Non-deductible expenses and non-reportable income&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                (30
164
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                (94
145
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Effective tax expense&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
                7
870
214
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
                7
812
222
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company had deferred tax assets as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;December 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;December 31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Net operating losses carried forward&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                2
122
634
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                1
799
625
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Less: Valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                (2
122
634
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                (1
799
625
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Net deferred tax assets&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      As of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 Nutrastar had $6
072
219
      and $5
293
016
 respectively
 of net operating loss carry forwards available to reduce future taxable income which will expire in various years through 2030. The Company's VIE entity
 Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 had $232
320
      net operating loss carry forwards as of December 31
 2014 available to offset future taxable income which will expire in various years through
      2019.&amp;#160; Management believes it is more-likely-than-not that the Company will not realize these potential tax benefits as the Company&amp;#8217;s U.S. operations will not generate any operating profits in the foreseeable future. Therefore
 the Company recorded a full valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;As of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company has no material unrecognized tax benefits which would favorably affect the effective income tax rate in future periods and does not believe that there will be any significant increases or decreases of unrecognized tax benefits within the next twelve months. No interest or penalties relating to income tax matters have been imposed on the Company during the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 and no provision for interest and penalties is deemed necessary as of December 31
 2014 and 2013.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;According to the PRC Tax Administration and Collection Law
 the statute of limitations is three years if the underpayment of taxes is due to computational errors made by the taxpayer or its withholding agent. The statute of limitations extends to five years under special circumstances
 which are not clearly defined. In the case of a related party transaction


        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Year ended December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Current income tax &amp;#8211; PRC&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            7
870
214
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            7
812
222
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Deferred&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              7
870
214
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              7
812
222
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Year ended December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Pre-tax income&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
            30
589
988
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
            29
982
592
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;U.S. federal corporate income tax rate&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            34%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            34%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Income tax computed at U.S. federal corporate income tax rate&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
            10
400
596
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
            10
194
081
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Reconciling items:&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
            323
009
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
            542
884
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Change in fair value of warrants&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            (59
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Rate differential for PRC earnings&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
            (2
823
227
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
            (2
830
539
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Non-deductible expenses and non-reportable income&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            (30
164
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            (94
145
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Effective tax expense&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
            7
870
214
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
            7
812
222
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;December 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;December 31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Net operating losses carried forward&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            2
122
634
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            1
799
625
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Less: Valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            (2
122
634
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            (1
799
625
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Net deferred tax assets&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;b&gt;NOTE 14 EARNINGS PER SHARE&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The following table is a reconciliation of the net income and the weighted average shares used in the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share for the two years presented:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Years ended December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Income available to common stockholders:&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;- Net income&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                22
719
774
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                22
170
370
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Less: Preferred stock dividend&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                (174
245
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                (229
513
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Income available to common stockholders (Basic)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                22
545
529
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                21
940
857
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Add: Preferred stock dividend&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                174
245
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                229
513
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Income available to common shareholders (Diluted)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                22
719
774
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                22
170
370
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Weighted average number of shares:&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;-Basic&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                16
827
010
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                15
949
537
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;- Effect of dilutive preferred stock&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                806
287
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                1
128
406
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;- Effect of dilutive restricted stock units&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                3
971
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                3
878
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;- Effect of dilutive options&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                62
321
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                7
639
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;-Diluted&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
                17
699
589
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
                17
089
460
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Net income per share&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;-Basic&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
                1.34
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
                1.38
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;-Diluted&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
                1.28
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
                1.30
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of common shares outstanding to assume the issuance of all dilutive potential common shares upon conversion.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The diluted earnings per share calculation for the year ended December 31
 2014 did not include management options and contingent unregistered shares to purchase up to
      75
000
      shares and
      40
000
      shares of common stock
 respectively
 because their effect was anti-dilutive.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The diluted earnings per share calculation for the year ended December 31
 2013 did not include warrants
 management options and restricted shares to purchase up to
      1
088
501
      shares
      150
000
      shares and
      50
000
      shares of common stock
 respectively
 because their effect was anti-dilutive.


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Years ended December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Income available to common stockholders:&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;- Net income&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
            22
719
774
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
            22
170
370
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Less: Preferred stock dividend&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            (174
245
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            (229
513
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Income available to common stockholders (Basic)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
            22
545
529
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
            21
940
857
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Add: Preferred stock dividend&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            174
245
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            229
513
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Income available to common shareholders (Diluted)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            22
719
774
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            22
170
370
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Weighted average number of shares:&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;-Basic&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
            16
827
010
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
            15
949
537
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;- Effect of dilutive preferred stock&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            806
287
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            1
128
406
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;- Effect of dilutive restricted stock units&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
            3
971
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
            3
878
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;- Effect of dilutive options&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            62
321
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            7
639
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;-Diluted&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
            17
699
589
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
            17
089
460
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Net income per share&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;-Basic&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
            1.34
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
            1.38
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;-Diluted&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
            1.28
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
            1.30
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;b&gt;NOTE 15&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Other than disclosed elsewhere in these financial statements
 the Company also had the following related party balances and transactions:-&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;(a)&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Due to related parties&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;December 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;December 31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Due to Ms. Lianyun Han
 Chairperson
 CEO and President of the Company&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
                511
054
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
                265
223
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The amount due to Ms. Han was non-interest bearing
 unsecured and without a fixed repayment date. The balance was mainly for the payment of US$ denominated expenses.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;(b)&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Lease of land&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              For the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company paid rental expense of $59
078
              and $58
370
 respectively
 for the land leased from Heilongjiang Shuaiyi Technology Development Co.
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Shuaiyi Technology&amp;#8221;). Shuaiyi Technology and the Company are under common control and management.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;(c)&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Acquisition of corporate headquarter premise&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              On April 15
 2011
 Heilongjiang Shuaiyi entered into an asset transfer agreement (the &amp;#8220;Transfer Agreement&amp;#8221;) with Ms. Han. Pursuant to the Transfer Agreement
 Heilongjiang Shuiayi acquired an office building located at 54-1 Ganshui Road
 Xiangfang District
 Harbin
 with a construction area of
              1854.1
              square meters
 from Ms. Han at a cash consideration of RMB12.75
              million (approximately $1.95
              million including other incidental costs)
which was fully paid in April 2011. The purchase price was determined based on a real property valuation report issued by an independent appraisal firm
 Harbin Guoxin Real Estate Appraisal and Consulting Co.
 Limited on November 11
 2010 and reflected approximately equal valuation which Ms. Han originally paid when she acquired such property for the Company. Management believes that based on the property valuation report issued by the independent appraisal firm
 the terms of the purchase transaction and the consideration that the Company paid in connection with this transaction were comparable to the terms available and the amounts that would be paid in an arm&amp;#8217;s-length transaction.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;It is the current intention of the Company to move the Company headquarters to this office building in the foreseeable future.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;December 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;December 31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Due to Ms. Lianyun Han
 Chairperson
 CEO and President of the Company&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
            511
054
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
            265
223
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;b&gt;NOTE 16&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; CONCENTRATION RISK&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;a&lt;/b&gt;
      )&amp;#160;
      &lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Concentration of credit risk&lt;/strong&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      As of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 approximately
      99.9% and
      99.8%
 respectively of the Company&amp;#8217;s cash including cash on hand and deposits in accounts are maintained with one financial institution within the PRC where there is currently no rule or regulation in place for obligatory insurance to cover such bank deposits in the event of bank failure. However
 the Company has not experienced any losses in this financial institution and monitors the soundness and the credit ratings of this financial institution on a periodic basis
 thus believes it is currently not exposed to any material risks on its bank deposits in bank accounts with this financial institution.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;For the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 all of the Company&amp;#8217;s sales arose in the PRC. In addition
 all accounts receivable as of December 31
 2014 and 2013 also arose in the PRC.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The following individual customer accounted for
      10% or more of the Group&amp;#8217;s revenues for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013:
    &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000;  width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000;  width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Lai En Century Co. Ltd&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                26%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                24%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Individual customer accounts receivable that represented
      10% or more of total accounts receivable as of December 31
 2014 and 2013 were as follows:
    &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;Percentage of accounts receivable as of&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 1px solid #000000;  width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 1px solid #000000;  width=15%&gt;December 31
 2014&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 1px solid #000000;  width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 1px solid #000000;  width=15%&gt;December 31
 2013&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Great Northern Wilderness Grain and Oil Warehouse Market&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                55.4%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                30.0%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Shandong Province
 Linyi City Hong Yun Commodity&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                17.3%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                27.5%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Dalian Exalts Trade Co.
 Ltd&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                15.5%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Shenyang Wellhope Group&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                11.8%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;For the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 all of the Company&amp;#8217;s purchases arose in the PRC. In addition
 all accounts payable as of December 31
2014 and 2013 also arose in the PRC.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The following suppliers accounted for
      10% or more of the Company&amp;#8217;s procurement for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013:
    &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                &lt;div align=center&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                &lt;div align=center&gt;2013&lt;/div&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Harbin Zijiang Packing Co.
 Ltd&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                27.3%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Zhangjiagang Nong Nong Drinking and Food Co. Ltd&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                23.3%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                20.9%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Harbin Reservation During The Oil Co. Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                20.5%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                23.1%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      No individual supplier accounted for
      10% or more of total accounts payable as of December 31
 2014 and 2013.
    &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;(b)&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Concentration of operating risk&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Substantially all of the Company&amp;#8217;s operations and assets are conducted in and located inside China. The Company&amp;#8217;s operations and assets are subject to various political
 economic
 and other risks and uncertainties inherent in China. Among other risks
 the Company&amp;#8217;s operations and assets are subject to the risks of restrictions on transfer of funds; export duties
 quotas


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000;  width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000;  width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Lai En Century Co. Ltd&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            26%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            24%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;Percentage of accounts receivable as of&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 1px solid #000000;  width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 1px solid #000000;  width=15%&gt;December 31
 2014&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 1px solid #000000;  width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 1px solid #000000;  width=15%&gt;December 31
 2013&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Great Northern Wilderness Grain and Oil Warehouse Market&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            55.4%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            30.0%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Shandong Province
 Linyi City Hong Yun Commodity&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
            17.3%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
            27.5%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Dalian Exalts Trade Co.
 Ltd&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            15.5%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Shenyang Wellhope Group&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
            11.8%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            &lt;div align=center&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            &lt;div align=center&gt;2013&lt;/div&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Harbin Zijiang Packing Co.
 Ltd&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            27.3%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Zhangjiagang Nong Nong Drinking and Food Co. Ltd&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
            23.3%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
            20.9%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Harbin Reservation During The Oil Co. Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            20.5%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            23.1%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;b&gt;NOTE 17 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;(a)&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Operating l&lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;eases&lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company has entered into tenancy agreements for the leases of an exhibition hall and land with a third party and a related company
 Shuaiyi Technology (see 15(b))
 respectively
 for the purposes of the operation of its VIEs. The Company&amp;#8217;s commitments for minimum lease payments under these operating leases for the next five years and thereafter as of December 31
 2014 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Year ending December 31
&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center width=15%&gt;Related Parties&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center width=15%&gt;Non-related&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center width=15%&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 1px solid #000000;  width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 1px solid #000000;  width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 1px solid #000000;  width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 1px solid #000000;  width=15%&gt;Parties&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 1px solid #000000;  width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 1px solid #000000;  width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                59
078
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                14
300
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                73
378
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                59
078
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                59
078
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                59
078
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                59
078
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                59
078
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                59
078
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                59
078
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                59
078
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Thereafter&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                668
737
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                668
737
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  964
127
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  14
300
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  978
427
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      During the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 rental expenses under operating leases amounted to $100
602
      and $117
664
 respectively.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;(b)&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;PRC employee costs&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;According to the prevailing laws and regulations of the PRC
 the Company&amp;#8217;s subsidiaries and VIEs in the PRC are required to contribute to medical
 retirement and unemployment insurance programs for its employees. We have recorded accruals for the probable estimated liability for approximately the past two years. However
 in the past we did not provide for contributions for our temporary employees. If the PRC regulatory authorities take the view that we were required to make contributions to the social insurance and housing accumulation funds for our temporary employees
 our failure to make previous payments may be in violation of applicable PRC labor laws and PRC governmental authorities may impose penalties on us for failure to comply. In addition
 in the event that any current or former employee files a complaint with the PRC government
 we may be subject to making up the contributions to the social insurance and housing accumulation funds as well as paying administrative fines. As the Company does not currently believe that it is probable that these additional contributions and fines would be material and
 furthermore
 cannot be reasonably estimated
 no additional provision has been made in this regard.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;(c&lt;/b&gt;
      )
      &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Indemnification agreement&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On October 5
 2010
 the Company entered into an indemnification agreement with each of its newly elected independent directors
 Mr. Henry Ngan
 Ms. Virginia P&amp;#8217;an and Mr. Jianbing Zhong
 pursuant to which the Company agreed to indemnify the independent directors against expenses
 judgments
 fines
 penalties or other amounts actually and reasonably incurred by the Independent directors in connection with any proceeding if the independent directors acted in good faith and in the best interests of the Company.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Also on October 5
 2010
 the Company entered into an indemnification agreement with Mr. Tick pursuant to which the Company agreed to indemnify Mr. Tick against expenses
 judgments
 fines
 penalties or other amounts actually and reasonably incurred by Mr. Tick in connection with any proceeding if Mr. Tick acted in good faith and in the best interests of the Company.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On January 24
 2011
 the Company entered into an indemnification agreement with Mr. Joshua Kurtzig
 its newly elected independent director
 pursuant to which the Company agreed to indemnify Mr. Kurtzig against expenses
 judgments
 fines
 penalties or other amounts actually and reasonably incurred by the independent director in connection with any proceeding if the independent director acted in good faith and in the best interests of the Company. Mr. Kurtzig resigned from the Company&amp;#8217;s Board effective November 26
 2012.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On November 26
 2012
 the Company entered into an indemnification agreement with Mr. Richard E. Fearon
 Jr.
 its newly elected independent director
 pursuant to which the Company agreed to indemnify Mr. Fearon
 Jr. against expenses
 judgments
 fines


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Year ending December 31
&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center width=15%&gt;Related Parties&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center width=15%&gt;Non-related&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center width=15%&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 1px solid #000000;  width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 1px solid #000000;  width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 1px solid #000000;  width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 1px solid #000000;  width=15%&gt;Parties&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 1px solid #000000;  width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 1px solid #000000;  width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            59
078
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            14
300
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            73
378
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
            59
078
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
            59
078
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            59
078
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            59
078
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
            59
078
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
            59
078
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            59
078
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            59
078
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Thereafter&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            668
737
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            668
737
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            &lt;b&gt;
              964
127
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              14
300
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              978
427
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;b&gt;NOTE 18 SEGMENT INFORMATION&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company operates in three business segments identified by product
 &amp;#8220;Cordyceps Militaris&amp;#8221;
 &amp;#8220;beverages&amp;#8221; and &amp;#8220;organic and specialty food products&amp;#8221;. The Cordyceps Militaris segment consists of the growing and sales of Cordyceps Militaris
 which business is conducted through Daqing Shuaiyi. The beverages segment consists of the manufacturing of functional health beverages featuring the Cordyceps Militaris as a core ingredient
 which business is also conducted through Daqing Shuaiyi and was launched in the fourth quarter of 2010. The organic and specialty food products segment consists of the sales of rice
 flour
 silage corn and other agricultural products which business is mainly conducted through Harbin Shuaiyi.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;During the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 all of the Company&amp;#8217;s operations were carried out in one geographical segment - China.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s segment revenue and results for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;div&gt;
                  &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center colspan=13 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;Year Ended December 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;Organic and&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;Cordyceps&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;Specialty Food&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;Corporate&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;Militaris&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;Beverages&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;Products&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;Unallocated&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Segment revenue from external customers&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  37
050
283
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  4
004
030
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  2
273
905
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  43
328
218
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Segment income before income taxes&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  29
631
402
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  1
754
050
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  222
893
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  (1
018
357
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  30
589
988
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Income before income taxes&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  30
589
988
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Segment assets&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  140
444
763
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  62
276
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  1
538
150
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  1
753
907
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  143
799
096
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Total assets&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  143
799
096
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Other segment information:&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Depreciation and amortization&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  1
373
914
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  5
562
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  1
391
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  104
172
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  1
485
039
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Expenditure for segment assets&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;/div&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
    &lt;div&gt;
                  &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center colspan=13 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;Year Ended December 31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;Organic and&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;Cordyceps&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;Specialty Food&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;Corporate&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;Militaris&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;Beverages&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;Products&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;Unallocated&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr&gt;
                &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Segment revenue from external customers&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  33
685
828
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  7
474
342
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  2
188
819
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  43
348
989
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr&gt;
                &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Segment income before income taxes&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  26
860
209
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  4
495
175
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  276
024
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  (1
648
816
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  29
982
592
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;Income before income taxes&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  29
982
592
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;Segment assets&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  117
852
173
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  62
501
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  1
313
194
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  2
009
085
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  121
236
953
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Total assets&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  121
236
953
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr&gt;
                &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Other segment information:&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Depreciation and amortization&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  1
362
832
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  5
517
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  1
379
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  103
768
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  1
473
496
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Expenditure for segment assets&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;/table&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center colspan=13 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Year Ended December 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Organic and&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Cordyceps&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Specialty Food&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Corporate&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Militaris&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Beverages&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Products&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Unallocated&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Segment revenue from external customers&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            37
050
283
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            4
004
030
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            2
273
905
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            43
328
218
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Segment income before income taxes&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            29
631
402
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            1
754
050
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            222
893
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            (1
018
357
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            30
589
988
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Income before income taxes&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            30
589
988
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Segment assets&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            140
444
763
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            62
276
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            1
538
150
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            1
753
907
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            143
799
096
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Total assets&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            143
799
096
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Other segment information:&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Depreciation and amortization&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            1
373
914
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            5
562
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            1
391
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            104
172
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            1
485
039
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Expenditure for segment assets&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center colspan=13 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Year Ended December 31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Organic and&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Cordyceps&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Specialty Food&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Corporate&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Militaris&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Beverages&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Products&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Unallocated&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Segment revenue from external customers&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            33
685
828
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            7
474
342
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            2
188
819
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            43
348
989
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Segment income before income taxes&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            26
860
209
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            4
495
175
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            276
024
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            (1
648
816
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            29
982
592
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Income before income taxes&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            29
982
592
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Segment assets&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            117
852
173
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            62
501
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            1
313
194
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            2
009
085
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            121
236
953
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Total assets&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            121
236
953
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Other segment information:&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Depreciation and amortization&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            1
362
832
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            5
517
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            1
379
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            103
768
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            1
473
496
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Expenditure for segment assets&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;b&gt;NOTE 19&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; RESTRICTED NET ASSETS&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s operations are primarily conducted through its VIEs
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi. Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi may only pay dividends out of its retained earnings determined in accordance with the accounting standards and regulations in the PRC and after it has met the PRC requirements for appropriation to statutory reserves (see Note 11).&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      In addition
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi&amp;#8217;s businesses and assets are primarily denominated in RMB
 which is not freely convertible into foreign currencies. All foreign exchange transactions take place either through the People&amp;#8217;s Bank of China or other banks authorized to buy and sell foreign currencies at the exchange rates quoted by the People&amp;#8217;s Bank of China. Approval of foreign currency payments by the People&amp;#8217;s Bank of China or other regulatory institutions requires; submitting a payment application form together with suppliers&amp;#8217; invoices
 shipping documents and signed contracts. These currency exchange control procedures imposed by the PRC government authorities may restrict the ability of Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi to transfer their net assets to the Company through loans
 advances or cash dividends
 which consisted of paid-up capital
 retained earnings and statutory reserves and which aggregate amount of approximately RMB830
      million (or $136
      million) exceeded
      25% of the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated net assets. Accordingly
 condensed parent company financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Rule 5-04 and Rule 12-04 of SEC Regulation S-X.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;These supplemental condensed parent company financial statements should be read in conjunction with the notes to the Company&amp;#8217;s Consolidated Financial Statements. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP have been condensed or omitted.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;As of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 there were no material contingencies
 significant provisions for long-term obligations
 or guarantees of the Company
 except as separately disclosed in the Consolidated Financial Statements
 if any.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;Condensed Balance Sheets&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;As of December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;ASSETS&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Other receivables&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Restricted cash&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Interests in subsidiaries&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                139
668
663
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                117
078
904
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Total assets&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  139
668
663
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  117
078
904
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;LIABILITIES&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Current liabilities:&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Warrant liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Preferred stock dividend payable&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                690
662
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                738
903
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Other payables and accruals&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                119
494
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                154
303
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Total liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                810
156
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                893
206
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Stockholders&amp;#8217; equity&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;
                Preferred Stock
 $0.001
                par value
                1
000
000
                shares authorized
                77
776
                shares and
                110
066
                shares issued and outstanding
 respectively; aggregate liquidation preference $2
177
728
                and $3
081
848
 plus accrued but unpaid dividend of $690
662
                and $738
903
 at December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                1
773
772
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                2
510
183
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                Common stock
 $0.001
                par value
                190
000
000
                shares authorized
                16
953
541
                shares issued and
                16
909
986
                shares outstanding at December 31
 2014;
                16
421
161
                shares issued and
                16
377
606
                shares outstanding at December 31
 2013
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                16
954
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                16
422
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Additional paid-in capital&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                21
122
372
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                19
934
551
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                Treasury stock
 at cost
                43
555
                shares as of December 31
 2014 and 2013
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                (78
767
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                (78
767
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Retained earnings&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                107
772
341
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                85
226
812
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Accumulated other comprehensive income&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                8
251
835
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                8
576
497
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Total stockholders&amp;#8217; equity&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                138
858
507
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                116
185
698
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                &lt;strong&gt;Total liabilities and stockholders&amp;#8217; equity&lt;/strong&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;strong&gt;$&lt;/strong&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                &lt;strong&gt;
                  139
668
663
                &lt;/strong&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;strong&gt;$&lt;/strong&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                &lt;strong&gt;
                  117
078
904
                &lt;/strong&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=center style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;Condensed Statement of Income and Comprehensive Income&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Year ended December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;NET REVENUE&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#8722;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#8722;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Administrative expenses&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                (779
203
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                (1
468
040
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Changes in value of warrants&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#8722;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                173
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Income tax&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;&amp;#8722;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;&amp;#8722;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Equity income of subsidiaries&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                23
498
977
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                23
638
237
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Net income&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  22
719
774
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  22
170
370
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=center style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;Condensed Statement of Cash Flows&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Year ended December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Net cash used in operating activities&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                (584
556
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                (621
107
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Net cash provided by investing activities&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                584
556
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                621
107
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Net cash provided by financing activities&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#8722;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#8722;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Cash
 beginning of year&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;&amp;#8722;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;&amp;#8722;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Cash
 end of year&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#8722;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;&amp;#8722;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;As of December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;ASSETS&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Other receivables&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Restricted cash&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Interests in subsidiaries&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
            139
668
663
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
            117
078
904
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Total assets&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            &lt;b&gt;
              139
668
663
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              117
078
904
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;LIABILITIES&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Current liabilities:&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Warrant liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Preferred stock dividend payable&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
            690
662
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
            738
903
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Other payables and accruals&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
            119
494
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
            154
303
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Total liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
            810
156
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
            893
206
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Stockholders&amp;#8217; equity&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;
            Preferred Stock
 $0.001
            par value
            1
000
000
            shares authorized
            77
776
            shares and
            110
066
            shares issued and outstanding
 respectively; aggregate liquidation preference $2
177
728
            and $3
081
848
 plus accrued but unpaid dividend of $690
662
            and $738
903
 at December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
            1
773
772
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
            2
510
183
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
            Common stock
 $0.001
            par value
            190
000
000
            shares authorized
            16
953
541
            shares issued and
            16
909
986
            shares outstanding at December 31
 2014;
            16
421
161
            shares issued and
            16
377
606
            shares outstanding at December 31
 2013
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
            16
954
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
            16
422
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Additional paid-in capital&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
            21
122
372
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
            19
934
551
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
            Treasury stock
 at cost
            43
555
            shares as of December 31
 2014 and 2013
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
            (78
767
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
            (78
767
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Retained earnings&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
            107
772
341
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
            85
226
812
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Accumulated other comprehensive income&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
            8
251
835
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
            8
576
497
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Total stockholders&amp;#8217; equity&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
            138
858
507
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
            116
185
698
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
            &lt;strong&gt;Total liabilities and stockholders&amp;#8217; equity&lt;/strong&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;strong&gt;$&lt;/strong&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
            &lt;strong&gt;
              139
668
663
            &lt;/strong&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;strong&gt;$&lt;/strong&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
            &lt;strong&gt;
              117
078
904
            &lt;/strong&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Year ended December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;NET REVENUE&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#8722;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#8722;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Administrative expenses&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
            (779
203
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
            (1
468
040
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Changes in value of warrants&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#8722;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            173
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Income tax&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;&amp;#8722;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;&amp;#8722;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Equity income of subsidiaries&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            23
498
977
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            23
638
237
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Net income&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              22
719
774
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              22
170
370
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Year ended December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Net cash used in operating activities&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            (584
556
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
            (621
107
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Net cash provided by investing activities&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
            584
556
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
            621
107
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Net cash provided by financing activities&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#8722;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#8722;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Cash
 beginning of year&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;&amp;#8722;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=15%&gt;&amp;#8722;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Cash
 end of year&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#8722;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=15%&gt;&amp;#8722;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;b&gt;NOTE 20&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;SUBSEQUENT EVENTS&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In accordance with authoritative guidance
 we have evaluated any events or transactions occurring after December 31
 2014
 the consolidated balance sheet date
 through the date of filing of this report and note that there have been no such events or transactions that would require recognition or disclosure in the consolidated financial statements as of and for year ended December 31
 2014
 except as disclosed below:&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;(i)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              On February 6
 2015
 a holder of the Company Series A Convertible Preferred Stock converted $98
000
              Stated Value of such Preferred Stock and $31
935
              Preferred Stock dividends
 at a conversion price of $28
              per share and
              1
              for
              10
              conversion ratio
 into a total of
              46
410
              shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;(ii)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              On March 3
 2015
 we issued
              40
000
              shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock for the vested restricted stocks to our Board members.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  




















        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        



 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        



 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        



 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        






























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    







 plant and equipment



    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 $0.001 par value
 1
000
000 shares authorized
 77
776 shares and 110
066 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively; aggregate liquidation preference amount: $2
177
728 and $3
081
848
 plus accrued but unpaid dividend of $690
662 and $738
903
 at December 31
 2014 and 2013




 $0.001 par value
 190
000
000 shares authorized
 16
953
541 shares issued and 16
909
986 shares outstanding at December 31
 2014; 16
421
161 shares issued and 16
377
606 shares outstanding at December 31



    


    



 at cost
 43
555 shares as of December 31



    


    


    


    


















    















 Shares




 Shares







    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    

    

    

    
    

    


    

    

    

    
    

    

    

    

    

    


    


    

    

    


    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    
    

    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


    


    

    

    


    


    






    


    

    






 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT







    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


    


    


    


    






    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    

    

    

    

    






    


    


    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    




















 Plant And Equipment



 Plant And Equipment



 Plant And Equipment



 Plant And Equipment














    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    





































    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    




































































 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property






















































































    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

















































































































































    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    































































































































































































































































































































    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 form10kx3x1.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0```0`!``#_VP!#`!`+#`X
A`.#0X2$1`3&@:&!86
M&#$C)1TH.C

MVP!#`1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H`#`,!``(1`Q$`/P#TBBB@`HH
MI*`%I*J:AJ$-A&GF
#)(P2-

M*F4U%:F]&A.K*R.IU/5;;3K?S)9%W
#L&?O$?_7Q6%)XK
-];12C:A):;`^Z





MZ6&5NO8N$KC.1ZU&TPV`J
ECA1ZU2


MZ#R`HHHH`*2EJ&YG6V@:5E=@.R*6)_`4!:Y@^(]2$`Q/I
DPB;=')(08\]
G





=AU'WXGL9?B7+W)$M7+




8`_$U

X^Z#G%1%VIM=SMQDTW%)W



&LP-=BUDN+
M:^EE:



/81Z



*-<_MJ\C
*LMO$



`
end








begin 644 form10kx5x1.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0```0`!``#_VP!#`!`+#`X
A`.#0X2$1`3&@:&!86
M&#$C)1TH.C

MVP!#`1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H`#`,!``(1`Q$`/P#O6EC4D,Z@
MCL32:)ONR(?HPJC=1;[AL

M+ZDT:-NDBGZ,*IJBRVC)]_;ZU4!CA.UMX]ST%9RQ#3VT*5),V#(@&2ZC\:`
MZ,,AU(]0:IJ=\/.1T]Z;;
F6Y![@U2K.Y/L]\)$;D.I^AIVX8SD5GI)&D



MNP[&)\#G`:IAB;OEDK




M.LB_G0)8V^[(I^AK


M526[1'*NA8

M'KH-03L75FB;[LB'Z


8H&9FR

5O&;;L8-615N55G;LPZ&JTC-










MH_E1SOFN3R))Q91N(?L\SP
1@DE?IZ5:MW*V2CHP.*;J41O#%-&?F3/RCO42
M$E
-D8K!NTGR]3I7OP5S6BNE.V
_

M

M6J=C&UGJ


B)/&
M-V.&'M4$5^Q#+
*MP(@!DCW*K#D'I6<$I;&DKQW)4<E0ZD$8Y%03A;V

].*RK;4IVNY8)XHR5R4PN14\JBK7-.:4
MWS)&DO%DHD^A%494-O*)!]T\&K=M?6MXIBSM?H5-1WD)1I&8SW]**BNN:)


M[

M:6ACRKFU+(A1XL1'`-5;P$!48@$G`-(LAMX_





MUDX:(QN.AQ5Z%U?
1YQZU2
;K*)4``/WAGK4L
X+@#KG%5&7+N9S7-JBWMV)
MUSC-







M'.
!L[3D`5`P_TAQP
M#ZT-</;.#3M/4=<5.'M[Y-I_=R#FHM&;]W1C7-%:ZHLMMBM#GH!6=+$+^QM
MU'0N`WT[U;N^+4QDYP
W*U3:<^4B$?=<EN7;B)8+%HXEPJ=`.U

0+C#98]S6E[OF6Q*TCRO=D6IQ

MMP6:4$8!'%52T5F*JTY70TQLK$!LGGZTBI';H`H(+\DD\DTRV+3(G56VY;/:

MQQMN[Y4]:NZBGV29KB*-F9SD



Y;SL_PS_6JOV4QM^]8$D8BKVF0^2)/?']:JE%JHKCJ2BZ;



MMA;A5A1MP\MAD

M6\CW6CB.4'AAUJ9-.18RT/#


@Y##UJ#5=/\`-_TRS)6X7H5_B]C5ZXQ/:%U/S*




^NH1D@
![UE%.

2SCKQ3)9B8
MN
@KUQ5NTG

M(9U
FWACT%4%



*VF2W\MU!.<XS4FF-(YF!(V]
CL:F:*2=3


M@\I5)+.%Z$#-6HN-FC*4HRVZE.35FL+HQW3;HSRKXY%:45W#/'N5UDC-4KJT
MBO`#NL/[PJA::=)I,CNF[RW.6'4'Z4U4DEKL#A2TT9OA(BIV'`/Y5@KIT^

E9Z
45*&JU!)5E






M.&09)['VI1M&\F#C)OD1IV\XO;



M:A4INF-C:.0AVZ5!PP[U#K5TL=M';!OGE/ZK4
5NUV\D1`EZ



M(^;&WH
Y-+&Q8%B

S;B%7@=R*M0`!3BL^

=T

M.!)G)_O`8K8TV]6X3*8]-HJJND-
K?;?*6)3\K=R/Z5)8Z?8P3[[6Y=BO4!N








'D)#R

\8)]*

H



3$D&1SEF

&JD8::4%F!]O2I
M+J:$2+!(')QGY:B

Q*Q@_(


A)RC
MT



M;K6DTK:$4I-.S

MUD7D8;7IW+@LC9^^!1**LGW-5)NHUV-&Z








GDY*YX-;'



<`DFJNH7*6T(

MCBHFLH7)D@;8Y].*9JL
$EU(9[4.O'[Q/O=*HP*JDBTO#D?P2CI64Y+F=T;P


M9T$\`27V_P#KU(534+![=C@GU_A-0&-X$WVI4KG..U+!.+A\[#%
G4=C24DM

!91AUZ^]5]-G=089@
M'C/3/:E_=?R8W[RYUOU1



LW\






0N#
M$K
[YY`X`JXD889(/YFH+B-%ND?&&/IWJ5G;;DG:@[U
;1;N$M4K%::='F:'
M9O1?O$MWJ;31&/-\M-O3OG/6HE:*&-I%08Y8EOYTS0K\WS7!W(54KC:N.N:N
MFG*?





M

AC!.
84\U8^22



UO(JR*1N_B'(K:LY?

-SFJ





M:=G4I+)O8=^E94UK=Q3,T5R






FPR2F1

M63SX03U[T17*^4)-R7
4M7E$#))@L2
``=:RPTURPDN&VH.D8/\`.MG4H]]M





PG!

MO+





M6[)

&2)HM0$RG


JDNF1D]JRJ1O)&M%VBS8G9DLP!
M@E0






PVLPP2.:LQD%3BJCV
I&-I=L










M9Z@HKE-N*4RLI*[=P!VFDGD1;J



I^Z.!]:GO[E
M(H3GG(ZXK-TF6:

=!4IJ['K9&HDI:1HV7(`ZFI(XRDF%'[L]!Z&I



MLQ=]S'--1DX)B4U&1SZ7
:0

MY'-8$=G-]H\U%









M2;IN`'TS6

M2X)Z9K2*MJR):[$K&.(#L3^=6;1MV_C&
51;9!$227DZ^Y^E6=-8L')C9
X(

E[?QN/W
4B=\]:M0-%.!\A1^I`JY

4


TB&

Q8*K1;0.I)S_`IXTJ8=&C_,_P%=$5%*QA)

M
UN`&R!&2

T=NC!$Z%

=@4GN9-O-)I\$



MXP9



M%O8N$DMR+?'+)&ZMD@]NWUJC


A8=/\XI



5'8^GU




M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4


M-JP/0E?YBLIE*'!Z=C7'B

M4;AZBL*BC^T?[OXAR&[N'J*-P]16%11_:/\`=_$.0W=P]11N'J*PJ*/[1_N_

MBL*BC^T?[OX_\`.0W=P]11N'J*PJ*/[1_N_C_P``.0W=P]11N'J*PJ*/[1_N





MY+#)J]7HPESQ4NY#BBBK`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`


M/L=O_P`\_P!34V:7-'LJ?\J^X+L@^QV__//]31]CM_\`GG^IJ?-%'L:?\J^X


M2D

M2M0Z

%4


84*5'96S]_P#2KOF)

PYY_:]6_P?R_\
M#'_^-4?:]6_Y\++_`,#'_P#C507^JQV=Y:6RB.1YYEC9?,PR`@D-C'(X/I5D
MWMH`Y-U`C!&S(/E8]`?0^U'

M@8__`

M@@HO]_\`2M*LK_F8;3_KTG_]#AK5K2+NC6+NKA1113*BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`*][_Q[-]5_F*H
M2?ZMOH:OWO\`Q[-]5_F*H2?ZMOH:\K&_Q/E_F:1V-`-2YJ$-[TX-7?S$DNZE
MS46ZEW57

M


RRCRCG;
MN''WL+UZY]
*:WDL;-#$4M(%
/\`JB(P-GTXX_D;3;!EM96Q`W``Q+_%][
MMW[^M


O

S2Z?:NSXW%H5

+65_


85ECZ8Z\L3^)-6K?4[VY







M[H
`#KU+''2@U_86C_]`JQ_\!T_PH_L+1_^@58_^`Z?X5H44`9_]A:/_P!`
MJQ_\!T_PH_L+1_\`H%6/_@.G^%:%%`&?_86C_P#0*L?_``'3_J;6%G9:_:?













`=%'L/ZFF!8HI*6@!**6B@!
48I:*`&
MXHQ3J2E88W%)MI^*
4K`1[:3%28HI6`B(K@KS_C\F_WC7H.!7GU[_P`?DW^\
-)4EA=3M9MN5SCOG!Y'!K2K(&@19IEN[D.[H[GY
M6V,64'*^K?7`'-:]`!1110`5EWG_(?LO^O6?_T*&M2J]W86=[L^V6D%QLSM
M\V,/MSUQGZDU=:NK#:*A_L+1_^@58_^`Z?X4?V%H__`$K'_P'3_HY#/V
M?F345ES:+I0UVTC&F681K:=BOD+@D-%@XQVR?S-7O[T?_H%6/\`X#I_A1R!
M[/S)J*A_L+1_^@58_P#@.G^%']A:/_TK'_P'3_CD#V?F345#_86C_]`JQ_

MC:6BB521Z9`]JM5:5E8T2LK!1113&%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444
M`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`5[W_CV;ZK_
50D_U;?0U?OCBU8G
MU7^8KGKV[
A

M\P?WA2^:OJ/SK#P?0T8/H:?MY!8W1(O]X?G2B5?[P_.L'!]#1@^AJOK$@L;X

M^^A7(X/H:
'T-/Z_/L@Y3K_M


ML'T-&#Z&C^T)]D'*=C]H@_Y[1_\`?0H^T0?\]H_^^A7'8/H:
'T-']H3[(.4

MC(YB:.(D2LA!.WY^A7=C_=/)[DVORV\I:6[L!$0DJ*RE&\II-O=^NT@YQ^%=

O(Z9P1GZ
M&IZ`BBB@`HHHH`****`,^;_`)&&R_Z])_\`T.&ML^;_D8;+_KTG_\`0X:T
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@!K*KJ590P/8C-
^S0?\\8_P#OD5+14N
7





MRN6!SG(8G(Y]#1)I=G+#'$T1V1YV[793SU!(.2#W!Z]ZN44`
\I-ZMMY087T
M'X5#;6-M:22R01;'E/S')/KP

M7_7I/_Z'#6A6?-_R



M9!P0


M^U_QH_LR]_Y]S_WVO^-&A/-
M_VX_P#S[K_WW_\`6H_MQ_\`GW7_`+[_`/K5



M`(T:!S3+?]N/_P`^Z_\`??\`]:C^W'_Y]U_[[_\`K54_LV]_Y]S_`-]+_C2?

N_VX_\`S[K_`-]__6J+

O?VX


M_P`:/L\__/(_F/\`&G9!S2-'^W'_`.?=?^^__K4?VX__`#[K_P!]_P#UJS?(
MF_YY'\Q_C1Y


MUJR]DG_/

M_P#K5DX;^X?TH^;^X?THL@YY&M_;DG_/NO\`WW_]:C^W)/\`GW7_`+[_`/K5

Y[U:K+\-?\@.V^A_G6I4&

M8!87$]BO[R3RGC'F
#PI#

T-U'&4`1(7AW0
&/S$MG&1MY0Y

BR+




22V9[Z0`
M


MT]?6E@MI4\27


M%-(C




:`L6#'3#'67::-.EO,LZ
M7#2LBK(2T6R4[@=PP,GH?O\`4''-:]A#*MF@GB6-QGY1V&3CN0#CL13$T1&





B



M29)'BNH'6






MR6D$D(Y;=
#M()./E.5YZ]_7C=DJ-P`..0#F@$K2%*GVTA7VIB*Y2FE*L%
M:0K0%BL4II2K16FE*`L53'3#'5LI32E`K%0QUPUS_P`?


M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110


]:E]9W$T%L
MUO.!=6Y&)'R-P(VMG'L<_4D



M$P*3;3J*`&;:0K[5)10!$5INVILDVB@$K7FMU_Q]2_[QKT_;7F%U_Q]2_[
MQJD93.^\-_\`(#MOH?YUJ5E^&_\`D!VWT/\`.M2I9I'8****!A1110`4444`

IIMZ&3]M;^X/SI?MS?W!^=:7_
M+7?_`#VA_,_X4?\`+7?_/:'\S_A3NB.5F=]O?\`N#\Z/[1?^X/SK1_X1:[_




MC4O_``BUU_SWA_

M+]?\:/\`A);K_GC#^O\`C4G_``BUU_SWA_
_X4?\(M=?\]X?U_PHT'[PS_A)

M]\;_`


\(/R/^
M-+_PBUS_`


M
^;_`)&&R_Z])_\`T.&ML^;_D8;+_KTG_\`0X:T*`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`K/F_
MY&&R_PO2?\`]#AK0K/F_P1ALO^O2?_`-#AH`T****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`FNP1&8@D*
X`R?RIU(QPI(!)`Z#
.Y'O3'UB`1H4BFD=@Q









M_.@!U%(#GI2T`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`9\W_(PV7_7I/_Z'
M#6A6?-_R

M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110!5U$`V
@/0X
M_F*PGC\L\C(/0UO:A_QY/]1_
5DR#



MW^-']F6G_/

#T%;G]F6O_`#S/_?;?XTG]FVO_`#S/
M_?;?XT_;1#D9B8'H*
#T%;7]FVO_`#S/_?;?XT?V=;?\\S_WVW^-'MHAR

M#T%&!ZMDZ=;?\\S_P!]G_&D_L^W_N'_`+[/^-'M8AR,Q\#T%&!ZM?^S[?^




MT!B^D0

M1110`4444`9\W_(PV7_7I/\`^APUH5GS?\C#9?\`7I/_`.APUH4`%%%%`!11
M10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%
M`!1110`4444`%%%%`%;4?^/)_J/YBLJ3_5M]#6IJ/_'D_P!5_F*RY/\`5M]#
M732^$SGN;*'Y1SVIVXU`K?*/I3@U8M%DVZER*A#4[=2L
DI:C#4H:E8!]%8C
MPV]_K=W!J423)''&T



MS+%!&BW$
+1@EVQ(%[@X!!;W'\Z`-^BN9&JZA%IT\@GMY9Q//M4Q$G8C
.FX
(KA^1YEE`Y7<2`2S]/3H*`-FBN=BBBO;O5'O((;B]MI3Y




C*;9IX/-+81B

MHET\5C;Q6ZV\V/M;*SR$D

M@Y)STR.GI[T^81M%*:4K+BOM2^S&:58R//VJ1;/&QC`R6V




M*5C27/VK6-

M$/G:;K%O:6CR31W

KF.XG9]K)MP=S9(!W8/7Z5E6/\`:5Y%I\DDDFV_C\R3


C:;:%V

M@`HHHH`****`BBB@KJ/_'D_P!5_F*RY/\`5M]#6IJ/_'D_U7_T(5ER?ZMO
E8=R(:7IP
MMS;BPM16W&/R5VY]<8QFE;2].D<N]A:.[$
6:%221T/2I0U.#4K`-:SM'.7



MLZ@^H&:0$L-G:V\K2P6T

M*A0R9WJ

M\I+/RK

MCZ:7WMIUH6W%]QA7.X]3TZUH44[@4(]*T^)D:.QMD




3R<FXC$4BL[%60#`&TG`'7H.Y]:FM+2*SB\N'S-O\`
MTTD:0_3+$G'M4]%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`5=1_X\G^J_P#H0K+D



M3113SPC;'
\8+JHZ#=UXS2?V/I1#`Z;9$
=Q!@3D^O3W/YU(+N#_`)[Q_P#?






MVW^[6E6,_B9:VBBFNI9&4

H17320@R&6

M4@`\\?B0#1HHHH`****`BBB@#/F_P1ALO^O2?_`-#AK0K/F_Y&&R_Z])__
M`$.&M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH

A/0%?_0A7+WUXTI






M.*6BD

M**`BBB@`JH__(7B_PN#_\`H2U;JH__`%XO^N#_P#H2T`6Z***`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MFEE7[Q`^IH`=13/


WW_`'Q!_P#&ZT**`
_^
MSKK_`*#-]_WQ!_\`&Z/[.NO^@S??]\0?_&ZT**`
_P#LZZ_Z#-]_WQ!_\;H_
MLZZ_Z#-]_P!\0?\`QNMB@DEC

MW10!4^Q2?\_UU_XY_P#$T?8I/^?ZZ_\`'/\`XFK=%`%3[%)_S_77_CG_`
31





M`(T?V?'_`
]KK_P(?_&JG]L/_P`\%_[Z_P#K4?VP_P#SP7_OK_ZU'L9]@YXE
MA]+@D`#S7G']V[E7^3F_P!C6O\`SUOO_`^?_P+J'^V'_YX+_WU_P#6H_MA
M_P#G@O\`WU_]:CV

MA_MA_P#G@O\`WU_]:C^V'_YX+_WU_P#6H]C/L'.B;^QK7_GK??\`@?/_`/%T


M/[8?_G@O_?7_`-:HO[2;[5Y_E#[FS&[WS1[&?8.=&A_9MM_TV_[_`+_XT?V;
M;?\`3;_O^_\`C53^V'_YX+_WU_\`6H_MA_\`G@O_`'U_]:CV



M!?\`OO\`^M1[&?87/$M_V=:?\\O_`!X_XT?V=:?\\O\`QX_XU4_MA_\`G@O_


M%P&SQG-6:S:L[

26TNR8GDDVZ$G]*/[T?_H%6/\`X#I_A6A12`S_
M`.PM'_Z!5C_X#I_A1_86C_\`0*L?_`=/\*T**`,_^PM'_P@58_^`Z?X4?V%




MG_OH?XUN[:0K3]LP]FC#^R7'_/$_]]#_`!I/LMQ_SR/YC_&MLK2%:/:L/9HQ




?XTGE2_\\S^8K4*4TI3]H+D

4FQ

MQ\R?[QH;T!([KP[_`

MPUH4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!5:_LUO8!&S
C(ZR(Z
VA6WMTB4(JH
`(H51]!V%2T4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%

ZM#:-$H*2%Y1&^)%'


\L_F

?(







MOI=Z+J:6(6X`






MMN+

.2#Q]W;ZCUIS7=J+M[4


'&`0PQV((JT8Z@L+.\M[BZ

MM.Z$SNO#W_(%M_\`=K2K-\/?\@6W_P!VM*N6?Q
T6P4445(PHHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`,^;_D8;+_KTG_]#AK0K/F_Y&&R_PO2?\`]#AK0H`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*



MKCUI6`JVVO7


6P6*@\9QWZ?A4.
*&S2X9F6=%D.R52<ABVS(89(Z<C\

-:TWN1([KP]_P`@6W_W:TJS?#W_`!;
M;_=K2K?Q
M;!1114CBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`SYO^1ALO^O2?_T.
M&ML^;_D8;+_`*])_P#T.&M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH


M@YT=-MKS6[_X^I?]XUTG_277_/*/]:YZ[C)=IARK')]C6D(.*=R923.W\/_
M`/(%MO\`=K2K-\/_`/(%MO\`=K2KGG\3-%L%%%%2,****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@#/F_Y&&R_Z])__0X:T*SYO^1ALO\`KTG_`/0X:T*`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH



M]%'MI!R(YC_A&KG_`)[1?F?\*/\`A&KG_GM%^9_PKIZ*/;2#D1S'_-7'_/:
M+\S_`(4O_-7'_/:+\S_`(5TU%'MI!R(YG_A&KC_`)[1?F?\*/\`A&KC_GM%


MWOML'V_[%N;[1Y?F[=C8VYQG.


M_7_NFHH]M(.1',_\(U/_P`]H_U_PI1X;G'_`VB(/4'//Z5TM%/VT@Y$5=.

M%`&?-_R

M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111
M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%9+)_


)=FTD``?
N3@9.







DS8`'N00??\

GP6\6
M_9&@`WL2?UY_#M5JBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`,^;_D8;+_KTG_]
M#AK0K/F_Y&&R_PO2?\`]#AK0H`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*






***

,ES7


M8;?_`)YG_OH_XT?8;?\`YYG_`+Z/^-6

M/L-O_P`\S_WT?\:LT4_84OY5]R[*WV&W_YYG_OH_P-'V&W_N'_`+Z/^-6:
M*7L*7\J^Y!=E;[#;_P!P_P#?1_QH^PV_]P_]]'_&K-%'L*7\J^Y!=E7[#;_W


MZ?\`OHU:Q1BE]7I_RK[@NRH;2+^Z?^^C2?9(O[I_[Z-6]M(5I?5Z?\J^X+LJ
M&UB_NG_OHTGV6/T/YFK96DVU/L*?\J^X+LJ&VC_NG\S2?9X_0_F:M;:0K4^P
MI_RH+LJ_9T]#^9I#`GH?S-6MM-*U+H0[(=RJ85]#^9I/*7T/YFK6VFE:ET(=
M@N5O*7W_`#I/*'O^=62M-*5#H1[#N5_+'O\`G2;![_G5@K32M0Z



&TM+\W5CJ$QC
TD2;


GC@Y4\?3Z#3VKN#





V5MLF;=(OE+
MASUR1CDT[A8H/JEZBWT9$)EM[A(PZ1
PVLJMG8#EB-V




U`&!:7$]EJ=U'8S%<:FT1W[F8

XMQ
M(9E
;*K#'R8^8XR#GOT([5H'3+`E2;&VRK!U_=+PP``(XZX`Y]J(K/='
+WR
MKAIN)/W6%*CHNTD\?4]S0!3OH(+WPTPG@B
;6VX)M^53MXQZ8[51(6WUWMK
M^`7$]J));:9DRSQA?7LP.`?7@UNO96CVHM7M86MP`!8P4&.G'2I$ABC6-4B


YX/3/ISJ;3CFHH;%HI8]TBM#NV)`FIQ@

\W6_P#GST__
M`
W_P#C='FZW_SYZ?\`^!;_`/QN@#3HK,\W6_\`GST__P`W_\`C='FZW_S
MYZ?_`.!;_P#QN@!\W_(PV7_7I/\`^APUH5EV\.HRZK%=7D5K$D4$D8$
S.26
M9#W48^Y^M:E`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`



BM#=4=S;6MXJK=



M
5/J



MZ
TD8=8QLP@4]&D')W#^+L3BB77-1CEEWP6\20BU+1DEV/FL589!`!!^O3WX
MT_[

M].V*VHX8H6=HHD1G.7*J`6.




M(P'/U/6BTMA;*Y+;Y96WR/C&YL`?H``/84`38HQ3J2E88W%)MI^*
4K`1[:3

'YUC8/H:

MO
7^\/SI?-7^\/SK$P?0T8/H:KV\@L;HE3^\/SI1
G]\?G6#@^AHP?0U2Q$@
ML;_G)_?'YTHG3^^OYUS^#Z&C!]#3^M2[!8Z(3Q_WU_.E\^/^^OYUSF#Z&C!]
M#5?6Y=@Y3I!/'_ST7\Z7[1'_`'U_.N:P?0T8/H:?UR787*=.+B+_`)Z+^=*+


/\`SU3\Z/M
/_/5


M?\]D_.N/P?0T8/H:?]H2[!RH[#[3!_SV3_OJC[3!_P`]D_[ZKC\'T-&#Z&C^
MT)=@Y4=A]I@_Y[)_WU1]I@_Y[)_WU7'X/H:
'T-']H2[!RH[#[3!_P`]D_[Z

'

M8ZG0_P#D$6_^[5^J.BJ5TJ!6&%P15ZO8H_PX^AF]PHHIKL$1F()C.`
G\J

M1[4`24444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%








MC@D-%@X]LG\S6G6?-_R



M'L!'Y$/_`#RC_P^11Y$/_/*/_OD5)11RQ[`-55484`#T`IU%%4`4C'D@$D
M#H.]+10!A0VMT=

MPZ@Q[F!7))Q@#KC/MFMVB@#(M]$@@6S0(2\

M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%

M`$K'_P'3_C^PM'_P@58_^`Z?X4`:%%9_]A:/_`-`JQ_\``=/\*/[T?\`
MZ!5C_P`Z?X4`:%%9_\`86C_`/0*L?\`P'3_``H_L+1_^@58_P#@.G^%`&A1
M6?\`V%H__0*L?_`=/\*/[T?_H%6/_@.G^%`&A16?_86C_\`0*L?_`=/\*/[
MT?_`*!5C_X#I_A0!H45G_V%H_\`TK'_P`!T_PH_L+1_P#H%6/_`(#I_A0!
MH45G_P!A:/\`]`JQ_P#`=/\`C^PM'_Z!5C_`.`Z?X4`:%%9_P#86C_]`JQ_
M\!T_PH_L+1_^@58_^`Z?X4`:%%9_]A:/_P!`JQ_\!T_PH_L+1_\`H%6/_@.G
M^%`&A16?_86C_P#0*L?_``'3_C^PM'_`.@58_\`@.G^%`&A6?-_R

MD_\`Z'#1_86C_P#0*L?_``'3_C^PM'_`.@58_\`@.G^%`&A16?_`&%H_P#T
MK'_`
!T_P`*/[T?_H%6/\`X#I_A0!H45G_`-A:/_TK'_P'3_C^PM'_Z!
M5C_X#I_A0!H45G_V%H__`$K'_P'3_C^PM'_P@58_^`Z?X4`:%%9_]A:/_
M`-`JQ_\``=/\*/[T?\`Z!5C_P`Z?X4`:%%9_\`86C_`/0*L?\`P'3_``H_
ML+1_^@58_P#@.G^%`&A16?\`V%H__0*L?_`=/\*/[T?_H%6/_@.G^%`&A16
M?_86C_\`0*L?_`=/\*/[T?_`*!5C_X#I_A0!H45G_V%H_\`TK'_P`!T_PH
M_L+1_P#H%6/_`(#I_A0!H45G_P!A:/\`]`JQ_P#`=/\`C^PM'_Z!5C_`.`Z
M?X4`:%%9_P#86C_]`JQ_\!T_PH_L+1_^@58_^`Z?X4`:%%9_]A:/_P!`JQ_\
M!T_PJ/18(;:XU2&WBCAB6[&U(UJ/W,1X`H`U****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@!KML1FQG`S6,-=?H;8`^F_P#^
MM6O-_J)/]T_RKFWB$D:XX8#@U21G-M;%[^W'_P?=?\`OO\`^M1_;C_\^Z_]
M]_\`UJI1:?=RQK(D.5;H=PI_]EWO_/#_`
?'^-%D3S3+7]N/_P`^Z_\`??\`
M]:C^W'_Y]U_[[_\`K55_LN]_YX?^/C_&C^R[W_GA_P/C_&C0+S+7]N/_P`^
MZ_\`??\`]:C^W'_Y]U_[[_\`K55_LN]_YX?^/C_&C^R[W_GA_P/C_&C0+S+
M7]N/_P`^Z_\`??\`]:C^W'_Y]U_[[_\`K55_LN]_YX?^/C_&C^R[W_GA_P/
MC_&C0+S+7]N/_P`^Z_\`??\`]:C^W'_Y]U_[[_\`K55_LN]_YX?^/C_&C^R[
MW_GA_P/C_&C0+S+7]N/_P`^Z_\`??\`]:C^W'_Y]U_[[_\`K55_LN]_YX?^
M/#_&D_LR\_YX_P#CP_QHL@O
M_VX_P#S[K_WW_\`6H_MQ_\`GW7_`+[_`/K5

N?VX_\`S[K_`-]_

7_`(\*
M/LT__//]119!S2-#^W'_`.?=?^^__K4?VX__`#[K_P!]_P#UJSOL\_\`SS/Y

\F7_GF?S%'




V(PO

M9N..N
51_MQ_^?=?^^__`*U6-8Z0_P\?Y5D-;LTBB(9+G&WIS5)&4FT]__



M`


MJC]ANO\`GE_X\*/L5S_SR_\`'A19!S3+W]N/_P`^Z_\`??\`]:C^W'_Y]U_[





V=.;%C%]*L

MJXG$-S;R/`/WB^:/D/\`M8SMZ4?VC9#S`UY;AHB%D'FK\A/0'TSVH`G*TTK0

M^%`E:0I0;JV$X@-Q)6)41[QN)`R1CZ5#JEX-/M//*!B75!N;:H+
[FBC@5HX9!$Q$OS@


M'#R0%5/H3VHPTQTPQT\7
+NA2:!HGC



MN




MCA^TBV)CN2[;B^W(4H


MJ2:M;I?Q0LT8MY8#
8Z88ZNF.FF.F*Q2
=

=7
M3'33'0*Q1
=-*5=
=-


6WDV





MILNI6



MG!.1GD]^[9?#K
(0L$9B*.DUN;V8#YFW$[QRV3G((YK5U'4#;:6U]:)%=(`&


^GU%
M6;B]%GIQN[M0A5062
[OF/`4$@9R2`.E);SWC.HN;-(@Y.DN_`Q_%P,'Z9'
MO0!#I%G=6D;I=M#*Y.6N$SOF.``6&.#@`=3^%07.E37&H0W!6W1XY-WVE1)
ML!SY9&


M\V.U^UJJ7!96C[Y;9PWMCGUH`SM(T]=5TXI;2016L


MO81;K.2!ADL-S

9R`:U=M(5IB

M6S#''`'IUQ^%1#3;N)_M
:P-

M'33'5LI32E`K%0QUR.O#&IN/85VY3VKBO$0QJ\@]A_*FB)HW?!/_`![7/^\O




M#$72M0A6UVF$*3#$DK#;O/RJ#M.0HP
FH5T345MEC#VOF-9PV[LS
V&C8D


3[<CZ'<2%2'BAWQ72
G]V92IRG'.



M3TKHZ*`


MU@Y$*+





MS6T
@=S&&DWHOGG%O8$&]%RI\Q@<;-IXV<$D!N



1=&F6VELDBMHK*[B*S1Q

C[7




MM38%)MH`SM57&F7/_7

?\`K%^HJD93W/4+
M7_CUA_W%_E4M16W_`!ZQ?[@_E4M2:A1110!'-_J)/]T_RKFI9TMX`[GMP/6N


_^T9/[@H_M*3^XM:'_``BUW_SVA_
_X4?\
M(M=_\]H?S/\`A1H'+(H?VI+_`'5I?[5F_NK5[_A%KO\`Y[0_F?\`C_A%KK_
M`)[0_F?\*-!VD4O[7F_N+2_VQ/\`W%JY_P`(M=?\]H?S/^%'_+77_/:'\S_


M_D:7_A);O_GG'^1J3_A%KG_GO#^O^%'_``BUS_SWB_7_``HT#WR/_A)KO_GG




M\HOUH_X2B[_YY1?K3O\`A%KG_GO%^O\`A1_PBUS_`
]XOU_PHT#WQO\`PE%W



D\


IIMF7]


M_
_X4?\`+77_/:'\S_A1=!:14_MJ?\`N)2_VW/_`'$JU_PBUU_SVA_,_P%
M'_+77_/:'\S_A1H%I%;^W;C_GFE+_;UQ_SS2K'_``BUU_SVA_,_X4O_``BU
MU_SVA_,_X4:!:17_`+?N?[B4O_07/\`SSCJ?_A%KK_GO#^9_P`*/^$6NO\`



)1=_\`/*+\C1_PE%W_`




MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB

 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_EarningsPerShareZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneGNWtQSThreeEightmSevenxp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_EarningsPerShareZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneGHTwoxTFiveVKpZNr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_EarningsPerShareZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnezLSevenOneFourqTDZSJSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_EarningsPerShareZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnehRLFHwyXpZerodJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_EarningsPerShareZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnebHVvFourFourXhzcTSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetZeroTwoSevenThreeSixZeroBpKPZeroskLDXwv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetZeroTwoSevenThreeSixZeroThreenSixPTwoNwThreevZFk'

begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0=NEOBE`(``)<S```3``@6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;"B!`(HH``````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#
VT%OFS`4!_#[I'T'Q'4*

++=+OGV

_V\J

@J4&05*+)*%%DEBJP2
M15:)(JM$D56BRI19)4HLDH4626*K`6*K`6*K`6*K`6*K`6*K`6*K`6*K`6*
MK`6*K`6*K`I%5H4BJT*15:'(JE!D52BR*A19%8JLZG_)ZL/8`;'I^N^3&7.


M]&;36
WJ#P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`+55
/U````3`(```L``)?

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

%'*86C1DQFH9=R4Y3V&OQY0+3S5P6H(!WL'
MJC[Z//FRMS1-;W@OYGUBETZ

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````O)O-:MM`%(7WA;Z#F'TMS_^X1
ZBI9!MFSZ`D


[NY_'P_%SSBD?=]50BZ6HHA=

2]^OW[^Z^QD
]YE]*[?Z4BGQ*ERK1

XF%3

5U*


.1Q

W6(%^)
EYYKA5\A^-DYV3?=^NUI+!IFE4O@


M9




FGX'D
VSR&4@^QR:?@^0+;/0%R#['9I^#[`ML

$%``&``@````A`*\*7;_3!@``

M*]ON\LWZO.U\Z+9;V?INL\S7/\[;23S]:])N[8ITO4Q7FW5VWOZ=[=J?+_[\

][W:[Q\^NL_S'0W'XD.0[H%]6


M3K4
/%`9@



N86KAG#.'+)MF=\(XD.
M+0.GLO48BI0-'@UW5'981U)]J3A`_GJ
/^KS7

M_&OXMMDY'N=_GP'
8[!)`]'M







%X]^](-`CZQ`
MUY

_(R19VI8=-S9+/3VI[JW.88ZR//8RK.Y
M8]G+T!5#
J?[']1!GL=6GL/RYDAI22HT:'39@#K(\]C*



QD10=YGEAYGB8Q73KJ
MN0SD/)E3G7]F#/U+#4Y[##IRO!
#*W)\CS!'FFAD6'*/1-#)ZNO;$^R//$
MRO-)YW!3C#K(\\3*

!SM
M[ZTZA__87/P+``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!/W$17.@4``)(3```8````




OMYR%7P41AZ%E;4;NPY
;R$_[YN(KKQW&FA(.D4
M@DQ$=D&(3`[@2(XKE.\'O0+$P$63$02!+54#H#M@1JVUKV2`:(P00=#\3




M$X$#%-Q(&Q)R?#\Y*=X&.2LK:6_Q0NX!^7$T+BWS9BB(`K''6$&;E8#0-,.
MD%C%GK

+P
V!
@D*)[]^I4K?U
MG9I8^S!%NK9C',:QQ.)@;!*5H[5YD$9[4`)-4;S`\BFU@JEBJ
+K)R5C]B


XFS!!]/
M!9_:@J\PM#_:H`6QR]M^/T;7)#9+]/%4]*DM^@IS(8;'A55)21N7]Z/XF;PL

M)0II0$



M?7Y+.-BS;V(;??AL9/E5=H#%QC;Y!FRUWOG0Q])O83*[R'X8&O#=D!(JOF_=

L75/0


J.4`%D=`3!]Q$DRY/):#J[O0*%!46#
MP7ON^&II]('@TG[;D?P6R!R=G04?T^IY5].A!UAZEH#-*T(7%]CRMYOET
MR9ZPIN(8LPDQ^(PQ68Q@J9*0AGGDMXN\HG9!WMF7W0O91
VSFE&;].
7]-X

^(!CG7/:_C&32T[2UJH
#5-

M2P

G'/FC]973Z)CTRI;FL4QQZ`4:LIC+C=9'BW[]N


M3I74




M:4=GDU(

)-$P:US][@1P&Z1@JF!?6%5I1.76
M[NXA+*O^;7_R7$W:LZ/_`!M_0PIV3U3!:XTJED-JX
UA-2AW=+B!D4V[_6ZD

$%``&``@````A
M`

M2+8D#L.42HZ[!D6^A0.556\6O%-I)WUI-HWE(+^9M&]&;/)MDI=)+JNTU_
MQI3L@6(M6F$?!U*
19],W0@.\:E;RBF];^4-LO7-2-A6[/P)#SM2@?K[EA4%@





&J.)/)N/_#X#CTE]

;-?I7G\BG^8O.,RG^;?!4WTY^%$WV.2
M0?_P[HGW]#W:+FBJ?1@A[]UCWM2&*?U_WRYHJGVHJ]?V&%_W_/6^NW_Y(O[
M]]RYH*E^



!1]G[3_8/F]?`5(B$*J


+0Z
MI94QW=)U=5;QAFE'=KR%/X54#3
P5*6K.\59WB]J:C?PO-AMF&@I
BS5)1RR






_M^G'C!`7#B+[Q&V(*GPO%$&#%1
M+QR$7I@L1L)
-3:Y8FUX*GP?.1%QXA!X7`6S((SJ8ZO$;;@J?#!$`HC9A#V

M='

MK&*
;*=I__V.
:$):;2L+UR_\UV.S6%Y_2P:]



MM?FDDH0`[=JX^M.,5+V1:+QHR!(?4%XBQW#0EW(:N*4W8GZ5:PUC@2Q1IB



7.$Z]61;$




M_[/;HJG^?*+O
$X_FL?)F?SVWS#Y\OZ]_VS15#^?Z#O
D#^9Y_/@C(/\/0YL
MT;&#


G$



M7$EI]C?V-S#^G5=_`0``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`1])L2/0``!U```



MYNH2#ED4(N
/

MY



MR
+DQ((#[2T$P82\405HVO^O@@T:68A/+#B0LW`3!;.0A&]XL.?$R2;\=R?:
MH)&'Y
2#`^T\A%
:1P?;\F@I9M=XL$$C#]
3#P[D/


E.83/U;_M3YR[H



\5LI#O1PI]2&\4<+$U%;&<$*_H@U9`DCL=$
=GBP#`W

M/G^J6FW8I@'?+S1C_


*

^




'$MK.:E$7Z`]G

OV;F%C@[(^^GN@

M?&%\N]/0[@`R
HG-L[='IE*H*
A



]ON!-4XX'Y<0/XCCT
M^\8-,6Z:E&91&#\D_1QH,(YG)?%]ST_\2TVY:5[?G0&XW1@-E;-JROP8;?P




(&#I=X
:8?N'[FC9
M$.W)GG7PII)*$`.WJO9UKQ@IAR+1^E$09+X@O

MB6(M

Z1B]GK



MDHR($PE@^#CKRT*P11

EL1+@0W
QS(T$P5;-/K&TUHG)CYUD(&VA\.H[:FVB8EN
+&'4]J=DW

!@``&0```'AL+W=O



ME5:KO3P[QH`5C)'M-.W?[YA)2)HV4K8O@&'FG#EG[&%^\ZQK\B2M4Z;):!+%
ME





KI

MSI\_2F[=T3-QE=E^M2K_KAH)9D.;0@-6QJQ#Z$








B-





MK_\/+?X!``#__P



L.N?DACY^YV.T-I#N!B#P6?9\QW4*C@)-;V!EI#('`?`[
M*`26!CCGNS?H\C


C/-;[L^DD*

AD]'0D_(29M1@'#$C5PQF

8



?

MS



9.0A+:KY`6P.3YG

EI9VRU\W_!*-
QXJA


MTVJ92W#@TDZT*#)Z$RYN4^JOEGU^_DBQ-4?/Q%1J^U7+_+ML!20;RN0*L%;J


XQB\











MI)\


MG

ME;OPXC1


.+

M





MHYSN1&:D$GO8_OA4#Y6LJ`P3A(F*5'5'.0#YW6L;U1JR(N5W_?.UV8Z'C1^E
M09*M(R'EWG
]C)\;%=+WJI=A[-K_00P%`0),8C\B4%$&L1ADN5W1%G!B'2
MG\JQ?'KLNU=/=HWT'
ZEZD'Q(-?,H-Q3+DNI2IS5$$^J@;/_



MS79_9968&A?$&#1@+'3*D\#*..48*S$QCDPE(6/0@'&FC-V^LB/O3UB)J:]I


M(XANY\QBEG!`*S(3B3G/J16II33-AYTUUK0:V(4@M%4.YUD)O^LYU9U%*7

6FG%AO$-U

M`%A

H@A83:Y$ME#MD







]^T-!4LSL4.
MSF64<RBJ=!/B-T=F+`XI]6T!)1S*
(.7&[^A
4YK:;6E'
HNC3_XKI+6)S3





[#$1@G2[?@:4LAFDUZ;
@Q%V&%7K%D
2QT
*PRF
M




MYC1XQWHG/[H.5-8]G







M

M
5C3TW`1!:Q/RHDR@VUUO.D6/=3N/:'V'H2VPPB.H(ON5-MM+J
3#JWBS#?K
MF??:$+C876;VP6N)=60N?BDRA+0Q*U=8V`P4IU3[LF=1NV;:9[`3VBX;GX


%5.E6W:VT
ME5:KO3P[9@`K&/;:=J_WS%.:)<V4OH&([/F3,S'E;73ZHFCVLU$U&DRBF





MISY\`UE6#JN=HB'O:YD_WX(5F%DB4:I9Q*ZQ@#P2I3TG8$)X4_=_2!S5V5T
M/(W263Q.$$ZV8-V=])24B+UU6OT-H.1(%4A&1Q*\'TF2:309I;/Y!2PL1-09
MO.6.KU=&'P@V#6K:EOL63);(?'(6XNB]GK.*'CW)QK-D=$8)NK!8GL?U(DE6
M[!%S*HZ8FX#!:X]Y03

M(N/!&47N/OA%\L(;E`

T)V@[!E=[+3+



WI6PL
MJ:'`K7$TPW2;






M!4D:30C`T99K\R`L)49LKXUL_G@0.5)YDOA(


I(N
MPR?PE!TQZTL




MZP9:['?I[-:_?:


M.VD


`4$L#!!0`!@`(

M;)1576^;
!1]G[3_8/F]&

MVC5]`0S'Y]QS[_5E?OTD&[3AV@C5YCB)8HQXRU0AVBK'OW\MKZ88&4O;@C:J
MY3E^Y@9?+SY_FF^5?C0UYQ8!0VMR7%O;S0@QK.:2FDAUO(4OI=*26ECJBIA.



M(*%`$Z4CQ\14`P'`%4GA.@



;*D/7XW


MQD_P?

M?UR`O8DC!.=:N\OG[GN5SC_#P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`5I!==:D




\M$90


MEV+!IU*FXQ=MSS&3

C
M

!'
N!


BSX5


M^=;D!T9V[A[LI(&6XAYK^((P.'=1`.!22M
/[(T;ODF;/P```/__`P!02P
$


M4C7

FBM?
`+^N



-T2(`(*$KZ1D1!.*.S07!2:/06`ALT(1@3(`&*8B2(:1CYYPE@


3]`?'\`/L^AW;\*]
;42K

M``#__P


M2F4.!.#1*3(]&J!(\MX\G[-M?5BY`9^QR`\(P)V-4/5+IE.Z3GI2M2Q^((B8


M'FVMMTJ%&G621YUEY4:N`^$*^O.V)G[(EMX;B)H:T!.X-&6H0'=%I.P..:
MT[C*EZ


M?-T:!0+F\WD5FJ@!B:`G@T$9'?@\#F++LR
$T5[UZ5XT40
6MMLHA4$9+?S`
MCWSK'UT6/2.\[]HD:(!=BV(#
T:4T8+Y
0LLI
MBDD^2


M?//*%$T[.KY)*9]'5JPNBTF^8OE(N^;QH4WO-31KG?[P=NE[A\%:+:B]]$


M

9XL(%5W7K5(G3=


Z*^?]X
K2IP7








/S-*.W-




M;3SN].ZQPH


$%``&``@````A




JT#]-_3K
_HZ&???Z:]]L?V^.-50;QDF.P%/7?972SUOY

6I8]
M8U`?[6/JZZ6N@CW9R'O9RB;.X@C!QB?;X^$LN1A_0V*6J'H@Q;!3R.:%&NP
M
WD'W-/_BJ?4TNQ3U+);U\T%_
TU!_&F:GD5WG%P?UG$X&;6+(83I!&9D2

MY%@P?=06M$A;H#1C12+\54A#+




MMHT@2A(?)OD2DZBZR480*(F/E-S,?ZS&')6P/CCG67II<@314NX5G&730KT
M

K#



M\[%R]CA$$UJE3=R1E
/Z


?JM`$SQB_]'I$!&%313FE
M
&3&4FBX7MWLB2!DJB@GO^$AYM=@O9X_);M]D4AH287ZNNYP_)%RINIAT
MSG^HTK==YDVSGH7Z2E7?.+9U_US_4A\.0U1U+_*ZE,]S/3M=)7[GJK+V.D?



MVF^7P[&OR[4*:O=+'D7ILBV;0X@C//:WC-%M-DU5?^RJU[8^C#A(7^_+$?P/


MDRK0/TW]-ES\'0R[[NV7OEG_UAQJJ#:LDUR!EZ[[(J6?U_)?$+QTHC^I%?BC
M#];UIGS=CW]V;[_6S78WPG(G


G\''I:;K*I]12



MBA1Q
=.;S(N.*LHVD=EX)!692&(Q6PDO2LIC@;-%
AN3I$(3.8M8HKO7[`DO


[

C0
MJ,0W(N7*LHQ8?.25&B
Z@$US0S77@!DR



M!JI.-FKIG-'^$%3Q7E+(H-3U*=;!2);F)S1;S8*?!SMEF*0F\!*@6J3AYB



N)5

&PO=V]R
M:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#@W+GAM;)Q5VXZ;,!!]K]1_L/R^W`,AEGM=K7M2JU4

+CA_E&JF==<6X(




M3)71

M7A9^Z$5S]P5


-I$)[18(^*DQ_QW[O1



&[[QPI.5P[SPW
`7$II=@M[


`JQLAV





=!PA_IM+3N[
M9U/B$CK%S=.FNQ):=4BQEHUTKSTI)4K
'ZI6&[YNT/=+
N%BS]T/SNB5%$9;


M[I=@

M+]`TE@B]\;LYP?2&M\-!LQKU9\7P`3=ZQRMXY*:2K24-E%@:1U.T;\)1$09.

`4$L#!!0`!@`(


M`;OM

C=?7:@XBA

M$4&P/I:;N.V%2B6;E8KT81C+RSPA




4WEO#USG:WVW3P!F3Q
MS25\_TJK67?Q!A0R&D^7T-JA_7Y*/8=




F@AT8LOG_SV[
F+KS[]_;O')?!M
M@4=%^)!&1*);Y`@=\`AT




R




^46YS3IBI=B!F?'

N'`


RZ6*.W


MA

)1+C!2GX
P]VEH@3&H^GHP;FW

OW#Z[G


Y82`9




MIQ*;B*Y9LZYC_$=T15;4VR5

M[4(6PZR1-H7Y4$`6+9=M;T3E76%L*1ZROHOT/3=S5X(R6O[YYWT!2ZL%1@

%!4$8*!HAJM7A0!S)]4FSD
M#%RK


K.7RTC


M;


M9.JF=`P;?L3FYO^OLVF0]CUN;YZVJ)3_7#]!3L7SJXD8]A:S5Y&4]]\1N`

MU&3%







M9KVAQNG_*6

M9&7

+SV58
!]LWQ7N-%RKV1B)0Z&-[0)Y)E7*W/R
M5:=%MW5+50=&O%Q
8QXW=UHP1)?
'BZ_X.)(I6[33#@SXD0H\VMG0$5/4KKL





T^KCIY.8P58B-!J]3(`9Q_8E@=_0UH$N+$I]V(J+\PYM




3


\MC*7F\:'ZKG/D=2\DC!?*012I\P&]1
M%J

M6.Z#!'Y))G'B(':7BS9BLEJ@[H&;IK82`Z-C-#3_V$4Q;=#`Z%@
)576/_&(




MP(;[K*1&*`%[L-TGIN3Z?P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`
&AVAHGDP``


)A68L



MGXSG5S/&#/)!_?&;O+^:/5OO9!MKZYOUA^][T]5L8]





#SFS+SM7V.7^<)1/LUT.


-I;W9E$J*O?^3_MAA^[(WR\;QQJ)V^R9U9-LW[.2^=
MCQI4?S#^R,C)=-C$Y/$TO^G=BE]GMMID?@7EE5,UECN=S'R?J=WFR6-[=T
M=/K]WLF2<\%WO?'ED%UF/KB3C?,&3H^G-[I_+:3W8S$RQ*5@L&-=MHZPO?5








_&Q(`D;NX7CA_N\#LHZG^54^GD&/V1CLVE[.&_:5J\F



_M`19@4TC-ME\]]AY.P4`N%=(A!\(A
(.R80ZOLZ



.^@-?ES
YF8PUY=HF[S^SEY0*1DDX/JI_L;KWFS8K__X








&%C;3






%.A`T


X6O\(T3($`7CJJ04Z*6@IT-E3/R6-M6
MF3WAP7I+
@6H/GGV-
T*Q0/PTNLI<@\S_<-PBEE%?%Q+V%_C':WL@)M





!`

MJI32=

6ZLY
MV&;G=TF#XTYE.U%&%69L-/E_.8M;!9(M9G^Q@\20/DYT#4(%AADKY9S)5=#V




U2P0R85
MD7!51
I]IKS`G%D)PLK8FM^);BZ(1\9L%21:R-W3`.LP4&\


M+B^:H@WY



J.T+2O&_K4U49=
MQOFO2VC6IRY!&_VETMSSX76S/8MU[2:S&Y[5CE@*QS$)WE6L?I\TQGXP[
T/


M:O
1X6S*W10]4R3AR4YW]VEV.KGA^LB+]37CL9B=)$@\UP/!RZMY`[V66]04



VZR^P
MD
=&H;3Z

@Z#[PQOQ1I%^

D]9?:`Y.=^FO?4^LJNI92E
45L.HV48K^
M^L`C

M*E9A#



WZ
M+-6P5Q%1)5)G*<CZZZ+;ZIVL[#O
M%3G^+MU(.J$GOHG7%D1U0)`2(]#'

LQ%H(IZ\78PM6PWQ7I5C*OYTK)`I@F-MMBC)IC
NZI#HQM-SC[E'3
Y.H6M4'N.\4(PS4FMC




)02_%5!%9/KY2+*:T346=A
M)24&5)DL]R
YHW)U`5%H[I:EMO1W








U2S!BQE9*2:D$-%N/QL5@/!2_J\R
M]OCIEB&QL*+)!HC*


N<48D@)N(58PFLH(%8<-N,JMF1Z1G&@GMG*BF_@V@]).LTKB5/
M:Q0
HW1<-W[34106:

88E1K0668TF2F2

MC:6(85!.70(



MIO!ZRSC[-3+Y`/ZA*9)2K+9A0BKH0T,-(I?('DPWU&3P1-$M1


0_KZ50/8!H&8'Q2HMUR_8?M(\?J\9JL$'\Y7/L%/
M%@!V.





U
MQ`84AL/FCE0IZ*GTG0PLN%=*-KN9(D3[36K/BO=`?$5F17%CZC$Q&_1]
8'

M6GD-Y!R,+*-<XS04U6BB![)KV(
42*I#-XV@QJ++%*6N5Z041SF5I;M4L1%


MNI&2W5C+5K+-M?I


!FUB5_NGGB:Z3$[JA&8*
A?ET3&*QX5*6YJ6$6PA##$(M_&.N90'P5F


R5

IU!24MRV
)TR
WCMP4*=.)V&\&A4NU%`C

_47DJV5;IR8S8VU^H;2$/[^3O=UIMHR

M0&PZ*MJLA2%*XJSP6FRW*H&R
SL@I.H$(+/OQ`!C4B0@5WC_234P/!K;C_8.

MU35`N1\L#(NN.AYM




M%ORU
X2LFN(1
_AD4)-R\U==JRN


M.TG
K[!/`CW'G89MB`.NE24'5^0..(H`+HE4L*HP5(3'I))*/JU
5H.C:8ON





VH3_V^B#`(JU5T_6LD-


9R/6KXA($+8RDRU
M
FH7!$)






B#;':)F8(2`
PHID]IQ22Z[RLE]I24OO

$SW
MP<UGSW\13':Y7743[4+%3ZR2Z1\,I[BOZ*.HRU'H@8T1Y;I]UH0/#U`??I4;
M]<,'1D,)IU@;9M=M0(G5HN(L()9J\-;Y/#\OF?]P3LV,1H@PE/7ER]A5]%I^
MF,:E_3^.KX

MQE&5=*FW`FM4;`/`)H4M@\1#KI4I\1%LS4I-4^DY%#81SB7&65$BXW9KZQJ!



F:2K
5:Y!`!XQLS7NSI`R(L:




5&1^








7:1XL0&.T

M6-F






M$\P!QU0Y]_WBVS\.OQ^
OLZ7:*ODT9+?3H


MK7RE4%32&_.!/^LN1VQ0M47T.+F]&R*'?:L^41B%WGXI63GJBBGJ17GM^D




:5.0Z0H&/L%7X_W)TV^/-'C




MJ'6^./Q([!\+Y]$]77



63=^_.3HK*I;RHAJ%`]221]3


W

`GWS.PZ@!M[BITM(`:*QF(QO5&OZ%/$XO*'
M]6`
VT_B-I;21CN1Z



MU?


T[XH3BH2TV[C2@@=



MX?KV2V'-U.K[BS(4&N5Q'\]H5)A8C)
?AF

M7)U`B$AZX5N


M'VY$%5^
9UUQ/@RB@$@)84LEUP\8=F$I])9]G+701Y!3@
6S1(D0@J(21
60
MG399#@I9KH8I+'(


DW]H&GK902UYR6U)10DA'IZ/WS&#D

VET/SRW:#Z8F<)B82F!/\5CI.)I-].DW`'GM9


M\E%2D7PLRT0RMM0D1KL155HOQI3=@SEM]T14!)T#]?*CEN8*NK5D.

MUJ$^FUZ3:_YAR0Z'







]_/TK483
^#0NOXJPO:`S7=Q!(R'L0TF@

YCW#PAJ.HDXNXL90%PL

73C.%G+H5Q@4'-4E2O$K%I(/<0!4FQ
M(AQL).1FO`+D7BYJ'WH$3Z[TBU4C`Q1RL+%(\O4!`K!$=.7`1=ABTWHV.P8U
M%?6VW`UL#VE!*$
;2'-I92)%BQA/;3D'LQBID698.)`7H'8
)+.;IBV.+#1


M]%Y9AC_`27]X`2MF6`&0J;0$/;A]NH:8G5=^$&JLL.`5*@E)+O6WL6L14\



M`6Y5.WQ0$.F(2/#*\C))D0420X4P;/SU*!M@DZX8
CH
PY8!-=F/!/?/&C#6
MK3E\U\A&$P(


U?9&0VXV


^`!)
Z#AX4+UF




XE87D#;$8Y;C:X8F1$72=O$73
O9G,A:$S_0)A:[WXXY8!,KTGD&3*CXN9;`,VDE:5IAI7&


$K!86O0



M.W&#PPOWA

MDR4HWHV.4;B_A=N6-13CPKN?-I[4

M5\FU'SH!Y=/L$56H2B=96?NL+Y:I29]Z$R=3!;UHFI^?GWQY/8:+_?'DAY







M&9[ZONGU7;D`N9R(/:E99H:]&59FU5/]JR:9!.Z:X(.D0-?N&F;5))^%AQRA
M`.?]X

4!?7JI5VU(\)JRY^)7R7?.X`45

MF_S$XQ8]X._B_L%=D2GJ$6211QP&&3(Y-
HZRQ







JV)W-*9
M3'!%K]793XPYYCPZ


C`*Y*;U2P^XX;X9AZD
M7%$+4)VC`!?QTE-GA1(@;YH49K(*:K@)0

?5'YK:G1#):-=*^*:Y_
?

3C+XG1Y
+-8GS%\00M;KG_O'N^'JJ
M;

3
K$@^?&L1[K'-?7`B9+R)'C3`0-05T7](KSEZ/#(U5;HHN8(`

M!9X-L?(T,.7^=#'S0D*S++MSJ)$KI



?4M
\Y


CH`?*=8Y$TGIP]\*8ET$25
M)5;B$VP*O85[I.CB+V
*50G;V=+DZ'5AA!V2Z=Z)ZUJ?9NE_WNY0_
3).??H

M/*VD(=ZI%[+FFXE)CZ0)FZP`%XKE55!K)0H=FN.DPJ7!E5F#/0'+G(ZT[NS
MGEJ3I:PD_T[Y4$ALE-?X5CLKQ6V67#C(_B/#(%:1V-J?'8$#*Y;^D2*%TI3



8RD%!98A.HUOR1
M7XMV13&CZ^CX:VZQ600.)!VZI'ES


M4_K4$KLBL#W+)!-VD%!P

S)O


M\R$N\
0^

T/&&I=)*#N5E%TOA7(?D&VEFPB?






M3)'S)L'K9\&X


<CT:)$
ZDVGI4:HI3`E\U[G6JSO;*&XXS212/8J]OKRRNKFPZYM-L:FL4

M)%4X/EH\+V



-
.3.JO&6UIA*3#6NBY6%H5


M\




MYZO%R.2;]GY!'2%(S




M?C2OMZ
O^HY)%;Z'GDQ$F1YLOE;=``=J4!5G2C896)X\LU
2;T&.)LGXHD5Z

M%HCH$BY`#N&





M/3
)
P:ZPOR*6NT



.ARE5;+PE8OEN?X]_






Z;RRC;O09WZ7P9^H`:U
MJ&FEY#06

QK


Q*__6K3-OOV`L


#HY&'\`3`DF'0B?QH]
MQ;


M;76
]RL3JYNR%V+LMJ-

1@U)]?
[.0F%$



M]^@^W8^]V[H/=A73H^V`Y.K7T_/JPR

;3D_/


MJCH

MS[$@OIK$PB/@LPZV10NE2=Y!R&CK1N-:']]

M'50X(SV

`R?):?
[VN1[;J`
MI(5;X7+;-VH15L4-S*=GC

M42'+#!$C!.C
ME7%S
Y87Z#'EU%0]6B0BN16'G*.V#BE[J

=P#8Y'I^VO7NED8&

Y^

MBLN/F/:2O+-;')*W2CVNR'3'ZDDYK5C6%_7.8K6MW90VVLKZXM;V1C#2N+9L



*

*4QTO^G8
]A_'P/2]._Z)`-?




ME$#X;85`I-*0;W8'E?YW1:UPW6`
PGT\K6%04Y`6K%[BRLD(?02Q:^#MLOF1


MIY/8J(W.+N
3;




M:DPA4SFN[B0*G:TBBK$Z$N2\7CKXSQ;H5*$*+V6RW.HTSU7W_`J'
IF+CXI2

7Z]?H%8/L#[][&UEO?1]CMR:#@6'
W#X@.TJS7I
MH#P&2HJ

M).#?

,H-`O&YT]TJ:]OK;(L8JY)PYJ)R:O
G?ACL)`EJ\RW^R_-D-LP*^


^?NPX


MG/SG6I[F`#5N/?'[9V;7@BKDV:7AE$I\CS*QNFTZCR9Y^)OSV='2MNG=6;&@

W9:\YWOG7N@-0^6R.3BFK3?E!EZL?&XO




M@


M1`[MNCN38-%XR^D+?(0+RAK\2_#H0VXF850.M#@\`Q
WDK`/Y8K:=H4$N\Z_
/?<IV=K
M&P*``51JO,&E$70%.K^Z,J0ZFYWJ*E18.Q/=7N(\A//@J)GO/V9[S_1I7V
MBS?2QX7<3YC+$#4`)#&57+S7:SMQWZ:`()JQ?XRM6Q1*.LNQY@GZ41X$87+


M9PG;[F*GCFT^?=K2MPS/[+(J;5#T8YP;H6?4V*FX&S=SF.=ZH2HE
$'UFI

MYM:&DW
/

7R.


M12H;E';2W?M\R^Y^M9\U'0:]YL)NO.UOYH1!=[##'QPG+/UW79M1W_;JMO




P



M^_I$N5E^19F&O$









M:X!.L_!


2YS#!NDGW[@=N0)ERFD-XIT]5.JQC%C&`WNYF.$WHSPQ--Y.+7+$

2/QUX2T5/


M5F1UZ0#
;BSL\R$TQY/35Y=T`7SY#K7HI\G%U;6%

C
M^64/J=:_V]$4YVX1%=?
`U



(
-.JQ

MH1N

C'8T(D&@%J#Z8E7Q]^\Y2;Q*@5

]
MV<:PRCD8\8'76N6^(EP#V2KW2^'@0-AST?7;5Y(-O9T9/H]5B[:A-[4\83M

SWZ6S
4T7CD$.#37)+05G
MR=S

245G(I#X]
.D33;

OU


.1PO]-:I



M0CZ2=9-!XD[LVD'9-A(J]]C7XRGI?LTN[&-&W``E0VI[=^G[PXNU3E(14B;O
M$.D2(W*C5GNPSC@?!&/+GN







M
L
B#C
D8UV3ZDFD\OEAL



M$`08N9:F2'/4@.X5\-E&1.N5:






M)U$=)42\PP-4UD9R'`*O\APX@H]R+C!^\B[QM-!2A!B5#J](


.:D5[1P2














YNPM


[Z%991LJJP:I)R


$/FM(
_JSLQMTT02X%
M2(!X1&A&6

+D!ALC9100H6;0T75(N3OU5FOJ`
MB2+Q31)_T[`-^8@ES=Q@&0\]/*


[MT4+<&AVVR5O(J(5

6+<WR*\T03=0'9$NK96`PK<O0K<+-G.
MB,3-)%0HR2`&;2&YG32=Q=53=F0C_W^-+G4

UX'H#TYS^['OO


2SR*`*;P

M-''9Z
\=O\?Y`3D*&YA#$@8`II3:RILGDT24[7@BI&\N/B#XXB(-
MOK@\?7_\`6^(B%FT2X=@Y\YC,\HK?73Y_OCR@@YPR;*8T@A[:4]+:*BDZ[M5
M!+D*EWE&R1E4]B@Q#!.C8U0RC8D'\J3D-/5+/P4CA=A^=/__/?__L=_EG^T

MX!4:WI:]2$[@H$.UZH&




I=:`^A\=G%\AH;KWW#@
)3G
MH\ZV'A*9@4?W3KHFY=.QK\&/#Z)-+=ETJM[!K-3$(:I$7`L_
KZ&OV)G.^

H\KCS2.\82CZAP.2967+20V'0Q&*:1KF'AQE_R)FD;I$ACS8
MRB1;*K$+_L6T_Q[

ME

\:@)@





Q-:*AE%_)AD^DO/3O[[&D1;5G_(FR.F9


MQ;1@CHP;UE
M^/
T'


M1/:G9@(6
.O^W




2C4)H0A4]

5O0H0W*0:U
M-[\MF-SL%`66ZD31Y:(G9^$-QH(EG7W8KP`4@PSZ\4UP/9K\18.T_A0SEGLQ

MRV'&5D%UV+*53?5Y;!J*Z'J5\MAWU9U:^6P]*MA*H7+8?-6P758?A6-M7+
MEL
$KH2JERV'
5P)5:\%'69Q)52];#D

I54
_TJ^4PFBNAZE?+
MERV-554!W&=653_6HYS.Q*J/K5<AC<E5#UJ^4P
MO2NAZF7+88170M7+EL

DKF^KW+8=U7@E5OV]=Z%?K0B];G/Y3:3=?

M\)70+WQEC)


3PI6;
)XT$+$H0R$.Y2;$H-R$]@4[


ME`1

M.-DRL@31*KM$'Q989QC:';H9AC:!;H8A7=_-
*32;8NES$\4D[F-].V6HRBL
MDDT1/^3A@9BK+('3I1-V)'9A5N)N9FPUY#(ZZH+Y(I1N






MQ-H-W0ZD#!SIL]W




MN3.LJ@+VDSQ^#M9690!3.60=?$(1@(8'Z@I@S=:W`E@SE5D!K-G!N0(8+Z*&



%*K&5%ZBT-WN!2MNR%ZBT(WN!RINQ'[#=2!=OP7ZP[4:^




=6+%PEFO'\SNP:N&4A([G=V#EPFD

MP.J%4Q^ZG1\[.FV[*`X_FH

M-'P+6&1IM8#%IE4;8&1+M0'FD_796FJ#F4_F9WNH#68^V9\MGC:8^10`MFE:
M8
P-4/6F#&
M10_:`/.Y!YSZE`N;-!FFCXE@.L8M
'
IP1PU8(VF/F4`*Y1T`(S+DW0!IA/




?
MCBCAQG2W@/H3!0NH/ZZW@%H














`%GOGJLX(Y'

M^/91'X*WLNVJYK@

MVJ9KMOT
PD6*Z'C.(A(11%HM-A7
0



--N4V?SWT?S;O

M&=)XQA-$

MYZM%V[P'D#0P9'?*90KB.026$Z
@S_6)P8SD.]_E2\.K@.Y@-=Y6)%E$;R!@
MH2'K*Q`7D5U!I!=(!/0N'&'B-L?;W1X&4+A&6[B$G:@OU80.H@KYY-9-YR!
M09#[!Y;@90BA+@-3Y`VL(/&@&8Q9X3'S

MA%6Z*`@?Z`F*8C/L\#RSG_-8$')YWZ$%&7V_:A+LT3)A%2T%4;1BRAGRUC-S


M196@B^$LQ8ZB.M(ASUKO[UH`]HC:.Q8$U26?29($R&0\!3.=*!SZF%8\%-

W=-T;)RK9AUQQU\DKOCL;TSK]K7&J.F#MH0X2$R


04#W)
3P=\E-
GH\=GIF`NNTLHT\%M`:C2Y:.AN1
MT%0@$\

M2TDR$UAKIS`WZ=F0V_0F-00\[@C
\ZNUQM!AUS.J5Q7`?^@H1B8U@@'M=D=K
MNZ(4TQBK/=IWW



MT'9^C$B24HJ\8LIT(
-PB^$-5$830+J-;664NOH
M0'@2


MF\21;9;=?]^Q)R1+`ALV+T#@S
R9
_;!7GU_*W+OE2LM9+GVR23T/5ZF
A/E


J?9'HL

\!?'T2ES]F*])YT!5


M97S'CKGY2YY^XV)_

`1O4




MP2@WM





M971S+W-H965T.#

M@!6


M&?[]Z_9B@9$VI


=:L8R;L@48=)%


M1VD

#U0!+/@DDRG2_.8`F=HJ[`&V+(

/V/&[B)$K6


M@ARH)RB-^_T;O=PR-SG=8!%

]2]@8+:D
M9/=$E;S1J&8%A$;!'-I'N9'K%D:VW=C:2@.CLKNMX
_(X-N/`@`74IKCP@YU
M_Z_=_`
``/__`P!02P


*49TN'HM&
M2+JNH.Y7,J?IGKN[F-#7/)5B5P[0.=:H=.:8S=V@6FUS#A48&Q'DN4)OB6+

+0AV)]$/70=^

:X`A]

M]1DLKE74%7A/-5TMI=@BF!K(J5IJ9I`L@-E4%H(_5D=?ZWNE0HV&Y-:P)#C
M


2`

M3-!$4-0GL((L:!#D1\%AA[QW9@9&_/\=
D$30=='@BQH$$2H8DC3\Q2.?&+
M_7AL3=!$0GPDP8).[3]LU'R^)+D)N@H.2RP/H%MB`4=U$^BT8`






J@J0QI%
M\[#*BMK'#*OFEAQ\OR]R]LCSUXK5'29I6)EU4'][+$[M)5N5WY*NRIJ7U]-=

M=



NFR[;OC9
!&D

2&^`!:!(=3]8QOW'HP:D+OXB
M:.(_[_T1Q$V()U#\P%$-AL7^^`C)J4,(P12UJRP:(A@4ZZ@$13/KR)
BH
M20E)/TI5`O+.N@F(AKK;MJ,FO@/ZUSY(PCM_DX,)8(+G4(*I7=WXF`Q(3`

OXY!I;*/WXFQ(3!=-CE:ORH
MLOL[098*)CJ%%0JN[\3!(F)@JE.0:6R^E
G!
HH??Y3'8%*A1BF].
O(NH$
M01DU*4*'H%)A$V@P'R9IQ&'JQ$$9-2E!YZ!2??IU1)U8**


M6Y!$.@Z5RN[O1





M='

QC<?-<5^B)*RUDDV(21!CQALE,
M-$6*?_]ZN+K&2!O:9+22#4_Q]?X9OGQPV(CU:

\G6-6^
M%U&\H@;X=2E:O5.KV3ER-56/Z_:*R;H%B96HA'EQHAC5;/ZU:*2BJPKR?B8C
1?:&MO0MNJ6Y<X_.`P3'P^3O`YC




6
48V4[3_OM=XT#2





MQE@E?WL0V5%YDGA'`O\[$C(+)O$TG9_!$GI'78*WU-+54JLM@J$!3=-2-X)D















%L'6_[H$-FB@(NQ)1`8+0
M`4HB0N)TT4$&+MA?B]%1_/%^M$$3#;W-J`%!%PTTC4C2+]5`0SI'@PV::(B[
M(E$#@E!#&(2$](=FH(!]_FZ#4W41$-O-&IH42@BCH(DZ9T:BK]ZLMK0;'#





+)NIK2=-#`9

M#N
H2D-)18
]PU)?PJ&*0C!^I]A6\L9Z$LUK:D&_J41K#FR274(GJ7[8ME=







M2/`@+^'JU3*D;]'@@D8:%@

MP?TG!E_AOT?1!8V2DT%R#_*C.$SN]YU?!Y+KDG_@=6T04UNWRP@([I_V:_8F

$%``&``@````A`*]SKK9;!```R1``

.MUO/V5L

4M$\J8&?'[
3;[
5Z9QT15*]
MGD\/*2M.D&*;Y5G]T22UK2)=?C^4K$JV.=3]COPD;7
W%Y/T1996C+-]O8!T


ZV:PJ=K%@


$
M6+R?[X((FB0$8(4M3,1^$&`XTXR8!_%Z/-^.L5*8(F#%$W@)P)*5(
*/;=
M*-8`X;X'@81-&'014H&*9(,MQ8#@DWX^38T46.&WI*7#$K53L;UY8$6WUZ

P




MPM




*9R%V`

]8W5Z(PV[W)\3F)P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`!:UE;1H`@``8@4`


?70-

E4J=!#*3BQ4


MY?/%&2PL*AH
W@HOUBMK=@2'!G.Z7H01Y$MD/CB+.D:O?[.*'@/)=6`IZ)P2

W

TGXZ`-T:G_Z
@
M!)THN!P31`41%!5DLSS+)B
@*HBS'D=!@ZWA$[2M(])LPQQSE#[NCD?L.AM.







4

M%9L:?3_SD9!'[FYQ0:^5M
G,2(DTR&`<F:6H4@$^B59@
+(AX[MY[
ME?LJH\-)
IZF0XYPL@'G'U2@I$3NG#?Z3P3Q`U4D&1Q(\'T@X9-D-!A/;Z]@




'H'P5QUN


M_P(``/__`P!02P


)P$31YU?HRP[H;
MDX.59570C!67AK9)NEHG0O@YZ?JS%6VIAB3KLF[U\MY4K#F#GV55V)CSZI
M[S7%^O.Q95V^K^&^W\DL+U3N_N`N?5

NTVAPKN


+[7X


M!_P..4CT


MK__/:O`8DSQCEJV_A
FP]3G4^VT7;H(WJ&@Q*!*I@&^M(+8B50HL'R;-C$``


4VV9-#)A6SGFD&S?Y6J=[35)Z/]03)C(#%M7B$\4VU\KAD@JSEL19
M,ZF2:,N,@(4&V^\92BVT8BS%!

M)5(2]_4DT3*.GYQ5DBJ%1C
%MKJ$304.VC.5$JD!-'*W61HDD
QI;8#2?$

Y
\.U8M]VI:PJ7A=`GE[.260AX(=NY?B_=,P%:@_WN_2*%



MUO#_6IZE?MI3ZKG^S;[E0-
MZF7WM.XO75WMS(=.Q[6,HFQ]JIIS"/<=4O&:/?[9EM_:K?/I_H\P!=?:P&
M=?W]H;GTKZ.=MDN&.U7=U^?+NVU[NJ@A'IMC



M/OW95.#/+MC5^^KY./S5OOQ6-T^'094[58ETL+O=CT]UOU4SJH99R52/M&V/
MZ@+4U^#4Z-90

@^US/[2G_T`D


M%45K/VCQ)LS#0%ULK\KP[2%/D_OU-S5U6]1\!(WZ.FK$J%@KT]%9N2UWUF+M



M
VA*XRQ7


.%V=




M


M^-J*.)D3%M,FM2ZM-2`6J,([R*K.6,6S1(`E;-C*G-4`10$;84;F`6S!*M



(
MK&69V*7N.K/@E5[#JYCLZM$91)/0




13&C)K;2LAEM'8J)0A:3OW*Z

M2WT\]L&V?=9'0(3ZC=;X[G@\Y8


M`/__`P!02P
:T;R.@+6'J__/AA<=!F:RL`1Y#0V(Q6SK5SQJRH0'$;
MZ18:_%)HH[C#I2F9;0WPO-ND:C:(XS%37#8T$.;F%H8NBG@08N=@L8%B(&:

M%5Y)8;35A8L0QT*BUYYG;
:0M%SD$AWXLA
#1497R7P]HFRYZ.KS2\+!7CP3
M6^G#9R/SK[(!+#:VR3=@H_762Y]R_PHWLZO=CUT#OAF20\%WM?NN#U]`EI7#
M;J=HR/N:YR\/8`46%#'1(/4DH6M
`*]$23\96!!^[.X'F;LJH\-QE$[B88)R















MD)JMDF/KH0`0YL!]7N7P=H56414@3($TKPYJDV.VHAU9+*
.PIBXD:N8.EZK
9L?$=``(4Z#I=0KOT
K6I@T(


0YF20
M



M]WW%$\OA9


M0(9TNXL6JVF^1ML$+;NN4573NEHYRN/G13?


)U3P=I'V=M4E&M$]U







P

MJWV9M4E=F._P'I5

5H![_
S);#S0]40*BNY^9B;[)5
M7\T237/9U6E&(PW4


MO=X)!%37W-OH\E6N9A%[^*Q?#:=SRN[208O3&0WLV]W@D$I&HEBU\$BQ60


M[N\ZB15O2/OMG2_V9$773V]5NWI/5MVI!W
T(FE[YVEWG191%G7S3%!^'*3Q
M4.NA`!#&6A#/
Y\]]W*Z$(A:MR+2&.3K7HY]5``%


+
MSU(@39V#6F\5`
*8L(3-[I#]+KSK*D.TM[C

4$!K##0;JS]+J3
M(,VJUQUO%0#F%@VE.[PUN
\.5_R3.8Z%PB+U1S!FN28*[/U4``(4QBD24NO


$JR5

M4D]S)TBS*E89:KU5``ACHI1U3%RLY_WWHIG,CU`(*35'J*2HQ(L#P6`,(5!
M@K7R@I6@S&'CH=9#`2
L7H


.^B$I&!8+7P
M)((=1@0[C+3&$;6O0]$1<8$G[<M2&\6T4$GC$JO+^'IV)V_LEEBD][]I
]:

M[A5&\^O.7\E55[#'*(M^.LK69#%

JV\PR@RC9G(


Q?3?]Z6



2CZK7BLV[8YO\F8QDCN2GZ3[LW4W2]F.[^*

!MLBEL3'[T7VJXAC[







Q1JG12RN(1=X(:(;
M;B6





M;6R45%UOFS`4?9^T_V#YO1A(TC0HI$H79:NT2=.TCV?'7
`JQLAVDO;?[]IN





M=_OA0F@U(

MRYP7;
&0:;6L)&;@RTX

-$A8#OEMN..KI=%'@IY!23MP[\L0.+7


)X.L[C.O=A/S^?%.LP(&S\@'

$S\8)DY:
MW#@]!+ONM



O/M




1$=L780Y
M1$VW20QI#%D

50QU#$T

B[^%?DUW9C\NLQ\=N`3



'FQ5;<_O$)-X/



MBO&]-1\U7!U(*2DCY:25)(J4DUJ2VI4Z13:F9D9QPS=@(7'C.6@LF

M*$U(*2DCY:25)(J4DUJ2VI4Z3S9^9M9^3/A$=GXY[DG.
&VU;FQR8JH
32


-V=J&ZK#J&\K0#W
4#=J4#3-2;NEX7P4;EJ3JI+YJ-FQ(



'5S1UR$AEU\/#LO2
M=^S6N[)T_*BOV;`AM2?UU:F&:O=)`:F/KC=-Y@Z]Z

MRF3.=^_2FI%RU_W1`[A@PY)4G=17S88-J3VIKTXUU'LMOO'PMKW6WWP(3Y4F
MZW)!FLLX'LYX\WE4;6]MU
)_HAQ9)\QCMV/L'!P9&-O1R/.ANU[(O=Z=4D
MNL-5L.?2M9$3\;`AZ+ER4?TS;/G
9ERAU^RZL33W6]]:6MF[
5=QT=*I;O2N
<M#$OF'6U#-N;S:(JTM5$+?X<Q<61NR
IS[-'=






MU49Y2AB5DC)23BI():DBU:2&U)(Z13I_IL@+#Y=7]J8)C^8;EO1D
+KIN)7J

UGI'2OLA4DP%+?OQMY:)WR)^G
MA)22

MI:2
E)
*4DFJ2#6I(;6D3I%.J2F/SDAI7TVIE%KRXV]KYJKF7.`I(:6DC)23



Y5


F7.F]_*QX?BS%@ZDAD7X3*S1Z\Z96))XO'3V?R
M)ENL3$_',F,C;&;D.P#].\+TRIPWE3+O`H_&C67&;X[<^LB;&8FT^`=A7IE
MXGG)*YGAW
.\!UK6[UAF;(3+S'3U5V/FO*OVDE=M2RXS?)?*UD6XS
P7?W%H


MI)K4D%I2ITCG+Y[5OOU.M?D01'RX6])GT/@QH&L8W*DFI:2
E)
*4DFJ2#6I



I(.:D@E:2*5)

MK5DP.0I'*VJHA%$I*2/EI()4DBI236I(+:E3I/






M_?G2QH1'EWM+X9`$):ZACTI)&2DG%:225)%J4D-J29TBG;^X7GK[Y9ZEU&8H
MDL++??PTU$?YT3HT=)0R*B/EI()4DBI236I(+:E3I+-]7BFU82GER(_#+2DA
MI:2
E)

M$:_(0B3'Q&$R:\(PN1G!&'R.X(P^2%!F/R2($Q^2CT*)UC]=-R=OC&S'-_

$DG


MWIF)]TB/FZ4L.9PQT&8E2PY?EH4E:UFR'NUM(TLV8TOD/&O6[F9LV5I:R5W`







MZW0\VJX7OSWOFOWJ\RO%_3W.5FOKN_T#W&\WZWUS:)Z.-^1NTG448YY/YA/R



MS_7A*#;:Y7BT_GHX-MO_=49M1+V3Q#BA3^
DG5[M)#5.Z-

M^/;
-*1/^^V9^_83#2G`-G;Z-`WSFR+/LVDQ(W2BX=0TI


C#VTI/['A!SNQPZ8+M!]#/Q@\-

M!
H#$XJY#YS&YM\0N/:B`[==?K#`92()HK06MDD9@BH$(@0R!
H#+$J:/'Z4
MPZN`K:(VIOE.'UX9

M&ZGMWX
AW9*H!]\22`FD`B*`2#*)RP&6F7\&/1DI+WK#P73T;MA0=GU/

6
M`RUZ?@RZ9FFA]]9KRZ8=\?@


(N\PB$J$56(!*)2#'$@]';^L5C,.Y$`.UL
M-MT/%O$RS8,R.2O;L$14(1*()+%$(]/;^B7Q]=M_RP^@_QB`2IC0!4B@4@B



M^_:*I2==G-_HD^SQ9;/^\M!H

X\2_JWSL2LZ.=-


M3;#Q*F
PL/

T=1V;4.:*WJ?LMI[X$B*A%5B`0BB4@QQ(OY=\@X4EDP
MAHV


@XRK.D*(*II5@K'O]5
MFBU%S6904-]@U5TZ*Q=_YROU-Q$\JF%#@4@:Q'QE\W#7=PW=A$DCMW3QQ&@%

HU'`ZFO?4DG)5U+PT*
MW`?KC7(-A]WS7&E5YN5*:^5DVOY\=_E=


WI\--AX*F





M%$

UP#^EBT\T

M971S+W-H965T







M7E_S)HO2^'XNX
-*(YG^5AO!FK*
7.+C:#0ZR4C*2
9(SDAA$^0I3.AV3Z7Q







M4L2Q=%_Z9[5;&NF-PEF'(E@Y9$=
^;B


2TFUAPFVLKS

MAS;=L;;RX1@:3ZDK053RONY(%X*XFDXWFX*HQ[RIG)O[&V72!Q9(&

MAE;;;H+X=G
F5)

I0(AE*.
M





%S
XX5_@MP:5\KOY9ML_UN9L=JR=(S&IX@M6J7R.H

&H(.4BSTFHUNWN=#@:B)A@E

MEO;?WZ
O



MS]/#F5?9\PGB_G`G6=[Y;K\0]V615[SF^V8$[APIE
;\Z#PZX&FUV!40@4B[
M5;']TGYRYZGGV\YJT2;HGX*]U]K_K?K(W^.JV'TKS@RR#742%7CF_$68ICN!


/;7!3PH)_I!+BC61!,IK.'FU$X,B-M@L.LR5:+
MBK];T+40<WW)Q!IPYX^VU656YJ'/]<]2#3D63IZ$EZ4-PB+-?3'VRKP)POG
M#6J:*YLUM7&QQ::S$`44;D


MLU9&T.M:-TRQT:8WZJ
F9$M(1$A
2$)(JA
4.TB\/W9AW


D9$M(1$A
2$)(
MJA





.(.T;D@I5(DAR5[F-2U`X
MH*%1@LEP;


1%+H]TA
T;=8GQB:FKX;C:1&K)X@B5"`I=

CD=%3QEM

M[#EONB_B#_3WOZO_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`I8A*CN((``#X*0``


BYX;6RLFEUOX[82AN\+G/]@^+ZV
M)?DC-I(4L252!7J`@X/3]MJQE=A8VPHL9;/[[SL429'#5TV4[=F+=?QH..++

MI;@;?B^JX2_W__KI]JV\?JD.15$/R





27

*8/%\;9A'=_;8QHCGA&821;


MO7


&
=589(()*(<H:X
M&`K`)\0HZV`)-8@'<A$&LK5R@024J6Q0[ILQ-Z$#)-$J9XCK4UM^_V9`L$/
MED$N#)L(4(HH0R00240Y0UR
VOL]

MR+CV5UN#_-66^XGF2?#((#=^.I;;.AT7&WW_L+;M./SU2`U8[PH!EW9.L;

M&/)FS@?98DHG;XK$&O%LF8?//YR5&QG=L
V6:`;YT;JVC03ZD08E?KK&-S`
MOB\^`D&A]L$(8$6FG@_1GA3D1M!C;.R8E*#VBA&T8*E1C#E
G0A$$F#:)5T


+-F0]R1E<S_@)`4T#-ER!G
MPE.VLW(CHQNZG)E,W].0H0N!2!KDO81R\1@O'/F@H_
I^JS!.LSB[RE$5&*
M*$

M8RRJ$H/\8`%*T2I#)!!)1#E#7(PJ;?K/25








C

X$H;O%]AW


!V.[VY:


M-71!Y(+8!8D+4A=D+LA=4%A@3#(9K6B]_3^T$F&$5GJ8]QITXOF.

MZF*

M(`F0%$@&)`=2V(0-G;:RX8NK/G0%:'X5B($S@(Q1EJQ$$@$)`:2`$F!9$!R
M((5-F!KT1+M`#6'-U5#$2@0@(9`(2`PD`9(R8#D0`J;L*'3TX$-73QJ_-F(
MI+KP82

M3*H0-0MR\TI8)CI-UB((DA=J`%OW]JC'2@#$AN2!?(FSC/R$(:T6@I$)-1
M%)=



M-T^[.#ITUJ$SH7


YTJE`D-F#K%-18%MZUQ3_%#

48ZH8(C+((IO6X:OI9HJX6UU
M)&*I!C7KRI-6


8X:16@5(TH0I8@R1#FB
M@B&NC*B=+U!&EMI

M?C-:#1=^@O1E$4TWTK-]KQ'?6MP/U9V5=@P118AB1`FB%%&&*$=4

0E$U6S


M1`FB%%&&*$=4

1E$!6CG2!B:_G2WS=\67NRW%&(

6($D0IH@Q1CJA@B
D0

48ZH8(B+=EG-&V#-JY&U

M54

$%``&

C0N




C*
M@G1X6_-QVEUP.^K^HNMT`\+/Q@


S`I*P64[+?7ODZ404N!60$$@$)`:2`$F!9$!R(`60$D@%I`;2`&EU
M8@2%-9D1E.&!B*O-EI=$RWT@*R`AD`A(#0!D@+)@.1`B`ED`I(#:0!TNK$
M:&:V:OE`



MX^4-UCW85IG04J+IK$
KB69LBZ'-6.SRX1*15X1HAA1@BA%E'*$16(2D05
MHAI1@ZB52+27&2*^_])#U!




`4Z@&9O?NA2?.%;9(^0%5;/K
M11+-U7P6D\KTLJHC:E4-T[1*R.5Z67M-G-2*:\O4I2F5[6PKXBE?*JT:LA


D

J\(#1H7I+*F(@=:[JI2*7L:T*#]@VI9
/X




M9IFU]&`]_9^7#2#=V!$PBS_?HE+W_\!^E3M:0X%`/.F[I+*GAJ7;B6AML$(4

@$/XFI:&?6



OW;I]XEJ-M_1Z5#VI(E2NPQ*K
QO;:XE0F=$8

B_4&C`O^SUA_:IE!GYUPH-

48ZH0%0B
MJA#5B!I$K8'

V)T#=X44(/T3LK)%'#
&(ARQIZ



M(&

M546$V(*RVUY
7O#8U()]VDP#?S`ZE$):91Y2FC0/.5/&1S9[.9:PV?.6F4

J$)6(*D0U




M.KF;V6
7R][)'E$,[*GKRH&I^?L^9XCAE_&@
MM9(J?KI-FX!074DH4DBU

]
MO_%FWXBK]AWXGXZ;01A?NSV_?H[SQV\Q[^R5]\8@V(-[CS%VTO#]B7
?;I
MQXOVUGL!YHL6E&G['[!OCOQ;?UE4Z[W7[:OAXOGS2,+BG/Z^_]^/9%\9^C
M_/#/Y]V1?6OBZ7-`3^Q;

`
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S
M:&5E=#$U+GAM;*R968_;-A#'WPOT.QAZCRWJMK%V$.L




M;?M

Z'K*&2UJQZ
MZ8?V]!\W(D**BSA!*Y71&X
=
KO)!]CSR?2^(0ICNC2?!


M7&?YL/@


/)7SVPKESU:?#$B2(I
M(ADB.2*%2C0?8



D1R1`J5:#X0:`O5W-UV@EGK


M\OYD6?7=2+B$B-UA;X4O]TUC\?%-Z+0!LA$[IENK`^LK
-6PMC@7RHUK'*





MC'*



M/#9ZKAL9N\











+Z9Z!(BHL

)QXBYG:#:G;[_AZ'-'&+DC
MFD^0/_W(#U@[N3!R/W=0>^-]
]$'9;6KDJB
MO

GLGC:$@@Y;#4C

M^U+4TN[/.!4^J99RJ&H9(JMEB*R6(T%WB+A3_12).6O7
75133@2]#%
=0Y/


M\4`EHI0



M&A;:KTAA^6!1\.Y&UL\@K2RTNMRAWDHHB3@DLAD$P0(^X=0-)3;]$A-*52IZ

)



%YO5GU

#]T9


$%``&``@````A``.$1!F)

$#)!$T($S

M?;

&

-H0)QJ!I[I^H:9?#Q1!8PNUCED$_FB
0W'
M7L_=G_5[6I3/IP[[8,B*FQ]^!$6;0XCFYFCD\]Y?49.@!_C:JDJ0$CDGUG
MU_?RT)VVINO-/

+B*EO
9


M7C

DB3+T`D11)$8D0225B:(!9OS]
M&JBQJD$06'JDT+A:^@U&O?00D0B1&)$$D50FBBSHT/VRJ+$J2Q`I-(B$B$2(
MQ(@DB*0R433`VB9KX.ODC.X^W:G

M=R0A)QY]4K^X.HN5&M5H


M-.U^J5K%PDIRGTR[1^/%^Z7U?G2OIA
M2:0A_)1`'#CGTBB3B0/;I$1$
M0HPBC&*
$HQ2!:EB:&TBB?FI?8Z(`D?6R!&
Z*B1(Q_6JR'2:)Z'PI=/V$29
M$]
MM`58(*G@H:=V:C6B$*
(HQBC!*-40:I(6A!I(MTE?5T@SL[W'Q%%:24GA4#*
M3D.T/22@LY!J'U
GQC*
M07]98<1X'4.&K;64`&JWX)#&*
(HQ2C!*

P%W#FS#\X+VW






M#G.3X?YX38[VY66W:?)V\WW?'$XFR;%Y7Y^@_]W;[J
[9]MOKDFW7Q^_??]8

M2+

MG]5QM_UK=VA`;;A/^@X\M^TW355;#4'PDD67_1WXYW&V;5[6W]]/_VH_ZV;W



+]^/*7^P_('3(F-I603E`!35A.4

MQSG\/P@N/#GD[6]*9CA1?SMD&





MI*8SPS%]7$2Q,8%L%^H5H;@FX6*K+*Y&PW!=.(7YV!M=?2,*2E04:F@'(`




Q-`];!T
JAM0

IWR(4`W+UA[




EUZ[.D?S*U=AX02P]
M-:WD.R`T=@$9FC*\R(_#B./

MU&YDEC2.8L60G$%0TJ&5!8Q*DL9BS2.R;Y8LRAU.0JK02SM=14B)ZRM1^H]
MLR17%69M&:=@2,F0BB&U18Q.SCRC(RS]5%M8$*O_V62-U%*T44N^9)=E^


JAM0

FE(PWV4*3D#62&&+X%`&+EEC'57
*1D2


J


9R

M3[S]DE%DEN0.G/K5G'$*AI0

MW%DFJ9==
21G2
&0TB)FY*'GF*I^8:U0^X(3:I92N0B6@9CA*]?0*5-
-KI


M(KGEF.X)^(F)_I!2LPE0RJ&U`Q1%IG\)J2$_MG=G2#7548?1=R'I(N&)3F*
M#$C_U$P4S%'K(B#-Q=`\;0
J1A2



MR.&$V4AB7G



`J/9'6E76JWV\DQPVT8QQ@)RF;_?:JH-



U6




TK]M.552Y.'$-C-7U`D&UG

WZ5R

M4YW83#]E^0S]VFX#4F:9!IEM@


?KC:M5A*
_XX@@I'##XTA$M&UU
M'(2HE]G@4K5Q

%=-+5
D
64AU/DN8(()EZA
7

^0-*=
@PV;

MV.7F^$C#)$E)VG
+D40\GC9BDU0&;\R.ZV]+'


4


^*-O












MR#+$T^#459J&/[$ZO%!+4W36;FF*LE.(976VBBD)-!*(E*(-*#R#+$4C3I




OH[0L`#430`*11*00:40&D66(Q^P4
M78^8O0!,8SYKPG3J\X.(R=DJ[@B`!%I)1`J11F006898&NI^8K(UYV(RH&3J
M$36(!*)2'2B`PBRQ/N9^8K%%


6'GAU)B&`5ARX1*40Z(-Y]]MAK
M@E7LWC+$

/-7W.H?OT0^UZR=9*A]P9
M63*+^?.G=V0Y+#IF3R\'65`_(J9J%?!*F9'!\0=,TEH@E5TM`$QQZLHE'BF
MR8IE^HT:=.992CM$Q^]Q*0)J:D`D42D$&E$!I%EB
?LU%]:76_$[

M.^3.&&



M1%Z`ID74H2R-V8UU67O'.

M\:STD\E3E
PB16A`_K)6O.110<;''AD
M\8;

^P$Z?NWZ&FG7^D
H@[VBTL+XWCT)M@%9%`)!$I1!J10609XC$[
M





M9;9VEL$QCK







MND`I!-IIY\MB#():W#Z`T=&..G?;`;;0+CIWNP*V:&IQFP.V&&HQQ1;:3\.?

NMDSKN:'3#O2A

M#R/88JC%%%OH88WB*?DL*%)W


C^8$GW
MRVG_TGZ$XO/^1']HI/WG(_UAF0U]\7WLODEZO]^?PB_N`N<_5?/Q?P```/__
M`P!02P,$%``&``@````A``VX1FE$$0``$64``!@```!X;]W;W)K<VAE971S







]
MFKJ:-OMG-`#_7KWLW-A`EZQ_NQN
\
&[A]/3W6`\NY[.;\85W*^^;H\GO7-5


47%Z/%M-J.G
?_TY)





7
A%%1!
Q1&Q*1

=*


M(`G]@W'JA42:6H_B.K*J-6,%/-R#R`LE@G`X/Q@O'])@.D61[N[9$6A5

;G=O\D/C=.1]-+QJF7$6GHG;)(0\\/=E7G%4
GI-A+
M
S*

%/-R#R`LE@
GGS_J0;L80)!,-0Z]
MXC*ZR8]ZT:M+%B/%2#
RC*Q`
KY
PERXZX]8VP0D5M
J/PQ&KQBXKVO6Z4#%
M7IJ1860%DH$[(9%
T`\2ZV5'

+TDS(@E
M3$!BE%;Y\3!ZQ63YNN(6K]A+
S*


M2`[4_`@5O6+LOJZXPBKVTHP

UJ4]5$NG,:M%_K(M2=N6*(MDU[;8^,M
M!TQ`<0JN&-6,%/-R#R`LE@GOA:';)W:<)[X4!1TPBBENKQ1'KSO:T:*
MD69D&%F!9.R]]L()[X4!I8GT7A'5[*48:4:&D15(!M-K+YSP7NA1NHP%+\S2



M-MYRM@8D]YRX9K6S-7IUR6*D&&E&AI$52
97V&\ON



RC*Q`
KY
PKAQ


M@63LF?1Y?ZF=L;X)*&9MQ:AFI!AI1H:1%4@&DXF9BT_%

MHZ\K65;92S
RC*Q`


M8J09&496(!E






M2%92[*48:4:&D15(!I

S4CQ4@S

MC#0CP\@*)(-QPB$)QLF9RUZSM'0U93N(1P@N65GS\V0H&$\3-2/%2#
RC*Q`
M

=*


&-Y_1@PO

H@^\-7%&8L^((8^((8^((8^2%G6


^?.MR^W_E^N;QULP1-

3VNV-;)


MI8Y6H[NB4+6H![GB4+6H`;B4+6H#[:R4+6H;524+
H=[.07+#&7P
$_)
M@C)XU*5D05_CN9&2!=G&4Q4%RQS9QB





B.4P9NS2A;T=?MU#ZH-?8T7.)7*8/2V
HS*8/3B=4&%


`-[SI_1]-L!(9CL]68_R0S\43L'=DRO1?



K5$&G=$
D9M
M


\9F




#B(;3`TB&PHL.UL`;LK5KF)

MCIPW[0LN8*[2ZW\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`-(9)2`P4``$`3```9


M[V5AO)&ZR6FU


JU?
M7B^?

UC3+SOYPJ6J?/!?A^M[TTZ[6['TB^S+.:-O383D#.
MXA/%GE?6R@*E[?J0@P.6=J


'#%C
M_N$C($T&&069B=--(Z
%3`#^&F7.E@9D)'WOCM?\T)XWICN?S!93UX9PXYDT




ML
QEE[=OV+Z*+'AC.G0RCA7I[\307`/2$$+-6@_!`TF$0D1B1)$4EDHCB%
N-&ZN




MY)FCU/&!\J(7`STX

4H4I)IA[8)DYE]MV[;H.62/'+$S4L&T?68O

MG[19VJ+GD7

M[=D[

'B@#/6X`&^7US2$_DMK4]YU1@%



MW2

KP<6

M?CE0!(








4:F)


A6#;CJ90$PG6**YME7F




M0U'C%JW-#T3











'IL)]P(6!
M7

+(YVCNLEJ%WD+959.[]+U2+`%!)Y-U
MW


MQPCBZ5/BF2+NV;;M:+-!S)S5BEWZV)6@0=T)[5!=$Z/$5WJAH\OP1-EE
UY&








M6!K'$Z:X;&D@+
Q;&+HLI8-%GL%K0L0`PUWJ-_6LK,7FA)OP2EN'O;=C=J




&K




M[Y?CW^5\4DZQQF!BFCWQ@X(0
^G;D
3C


3O_SN_JE
MFDZ.I_7+_?IY_]+=3O_HCM-?/_[];Q^^[P]?CD]==YJ`AY?C[?3I='I=S6;'
MS5.W6Q]O]J_=_SE87_8K4_PS\/C[/AZZ-;W_:#=\RR=S\O9;KU]F3H/J\
U


MRIB7L^4

M&3J!3W12WJ15D12EO9
S5\]Q('R.7/W
0'#;!P^?.#_J8HB+ZO%^2N6.!`^
MWW:KQP(G_Y6\VBZS]PK+-C^7N'SJGN=N43W==.L3^N/'P[[[Q-8C)#)X^O:




M$K42*8FT1(8@&HS=UZ




MTA(9@F@P=AN/@NEWNN+&'H].3]O-E[L]=%%8%B


MMD





*$#@4YH;-H=5FTV'B9_;Y__=F.&[7D%-5=M`@1Y;D
MHLCYV1*MHF)I)&HE4A)IB0Q!-&ZKUZ*XSV\Y]I$5VUL1T2:3L0*HO57(;-1

M
V&DJ&\K\Z[/LQ.%


GH:MD#B^CF!;W-J'2E/2DO97WM
S2.?-DO
U(R5B=%TW


MI232PE'.G]08



E\E=,I!-8R+3JP#0U_%HLR7[.!L
MT&A$;F16$+)=Y\WGU=X):SHC`K7

@;Q97CKMD


M#&;B\-$
9O9Q



L=(HJXY
*V#E8^O@:1W3ZB





OA+__TC
2:'O^1C8[+%RCXL
M'_&65?77GUP;QG$`_O_R)AR!;]$&^%PD=%KP5&KP`7&/6?P'S!B_Z1*R0P


M_A\``/__`P!02P



^)
M\*$B?:?S-J.S\J

6EE$#I$72+K
ZB!SF;?6.6GK

MP74]UV4PB)-D-;Y45LMJL$JQ`&30RB)RB+Q`
A8L
E0LQK-3RBHE;P,!@&3
MNWXE`[2L!JOD.B#5A:10^0%DJY3RG/7WUGT;-UM:LF9NE;.-%Q&;47O5;
MR2JY/'2


MW6D7RV.4=!')=&M)EZR2[X
6C
B@E47D$'F!I.\LEK(U__;^SLI=G5\191=@


SVBRY68AB5?
M)O/

MJE=$C\2\@A4=7=F\DBZ2\^+S/YM7X?
IJL
$@EK(`]
C%G7IT\;J`%YRD&CF
M$SKH

]5D)IH1365
MA3(%JBO
9;**JZ-%9!!91`Z1%TB&0YVF;Y?O!$_
B-+VLT34(C*(+*'R`LD
MG?G0\3C!XS&@?#.(5K3^4O[^;).:J/MI$VJ&T35?W_2B7F%PX_68#:O/]FD
M)GQ&'+TA=-9J`OTAHQ9@6F*ABGNKL`SRV*9)=[VCY],.2RW6G2([4[:9$6
MK&CCY-T@+3@Y%][JCY]+.!CRN024ES^@=@+((+*('(OD'2&SXC,&:Z^D^YU
M3OK#AJ1;W(V:B.0II;56LHH=6T0&D47D$'F!I.M\%G73[@8GO0G&FO685'5

9*][?;U#&&QRRB!PB+Y(Q52=MEP&)]P1Z8:1
MNT!$L@C2GM


][!5MZABC
M81!91`Z1%TBZ_J'#?HJ'?439UHVH1600640.D1=(.E


TI&G7P9P2M!+=Z(9%GK




MYWP02[GS5\JM9C8HJFPSG^H+BV05/6T1&406D4/D!9+.LP[*%`H[7]
O*3[\





EE:/:KE*PP5KJ/:]#*(G*(
MO$#OWE!;YUT2=0-1`LRJ\GZ2KG91,JS:QRM2!)5D,P$!E$%I%#Y`62P2A(
MK].$;18YF9]I=QLYL%(!D.)K&6R2L$8.D9DT




M+LH3&9`\NM15SS)VS!
Y=(Q!


K)7ZD.SIJ=<V+*85C<+^EH.MM7WFANY5G3Y]!7LDI]Z'/H
M^TVE%HI.\7


M'+:OW8_0OFP/]):^[G\?Z:V

`
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!6&C0?2P

M:&5E=#(V+GAM;*Q638^;
!]5^I_0-R7ST`2%+)*@K9=J96JJA]G!TRP%CR

7TZ8#B3VIB7A5HK;5Y
GCH:4
[6O8]XL_0_F@
MK5XNY!N2



%%](BR'9499@#VE3Y+Z6$@(@MV+Z`=5@&_,*G)CK7X3D^?
M


M3-:&/C?7EDVW6

MVND1(TT72&8BD[7A/)EKJ[/I!8Z\)J[[D(%3'QKQ]16FRJ61$&:BT4_+::*R
M,<P@Q=Y(FKB5T_7L)@F7_W(J@Z9.-6(ZU<C4:7QV=\\D4(09CI].[[:J1XI
M^OYK
#O@':YK;N7T*



M#]


M970T
YX;6RL5EV/HC`4?=]D_P/A?4!`$(TZ4?$KV4TVF_UXKEE$2AIJ\[\


MR9&R'`F8LI/-2X914BW*
O0YB1GE]@LH+-5HGW-8WML`]-\FA!0(&TW&#[.S(4SV?NF/9]6_OPB^
9;




Z![03POD=P+SF1L&K7%RI#&]+]Y#CY)DH5DF9F0

4XW8E5'2/LE;:0#:QW8Z
!6!W8ZL&\!-IC0







-M:U@IERUWGON

?+T/FG?5YF\?

M-:B&+^'^K'I#Q]T)[%=XGX8OO

$

M?:^Q
?[(9F;4SL
D.5P??
\]UQBOOKY6I?6

MO^
O]MJNZP^9B6I\=I^PZW]=?/[;ZL7TCRV%XP[QCJ=FU?NNZZ=)PVO^`J

R^8C'.1T*G*\)_E3

M[*&$O%_1-

M98JFMK-9]0+]+/!+*WVWV@MY29KB^+VH



NKUFU
5H88?M&&9+5^)1:H





(JO&7S'@N3B
T0N/D-F*QP41`L5`$/(DC(82)@:0

Z6(2'JZSZ%Q[]6M`.GE;S.D5!8(5%)T
P/


/-




$YD



M:]W@XE\:9'525



*OVLP9V$`ZTM*5@!K9L$/5EBT#'BIW:HT*#&B\D1D




M3



U;)250
M2$B)
]RE[(FTTNZ4M$@A
26W6Y







M'T!W8R$A\=.??[V]7OW8[`_;W?M=QKO.9JXV[X^[I^W[U[O
;%K_HY2Y.AS7







M682S5XD&`AP5*E01A%%X.3!@%,R(0O!B%T+X0H@?;;=
*I'R#25IE*F4



(

A=1*59M&$1+U6N^#CR_;QV_U.[\@3]O@!39UZ0E4B=QF?/F(S:M%U






VZZ50S1G:^KVM2UH\\U0K02!02

M?YHH+=P_

M32`M(&T@'2!=(#T@?2`#($
@(R!C(!
@4R`S('


7)N0K)BC]

M]G9R3OU3I_X@*)3R)5_4/X/ZYPG2!4]DR(

@8R`3(%
@
R!_(`9`%D60%)`P1W2.J(,*XAAC8$
;.J%ULE2=


1F:<W'-E\J5PN;&1K9)W'&
N&&]%(2O2




.FB%$9.WCQUY

MT031%-$


Z_-!R9.[V0X;6?DNHW3Y


MI#J;%F=3U'C[ET
H7H

MJB*J




MJY^8GR:K=/VF%6/]ED4I^NU$??HBB)NK'2O&^EV+4O1[B?K@G[X58_V!12GZ
MP_/T1U:







Q6F_U<,UP?SN'H'Q\W
MZZ[LUU]VW?ZD20[==G6^S\^;UZ.AFVW/H=NMSI\_O+RV[K?O0#%I\UV<_HQ
MD
YGN_7U'T_[_K#ZM(6XO_O1:FVXAS\$_6ZS/O3'_O%T!70+?:
RYGR1+X#I
M[N9A`Q&HM



M`V`Y1`&?AN3B(!+D@


MM!H)AT*0!





D


MH(U'.X
O*&
%A1W[)^$:HD(KVW:U\7N3O3%6F:[#*\ESV4GR?)#=;W75G_W+





$K&\1*LHU6FS6SP4ZDOF`CKBJ_30-
MTY0U227]:@DU!D*J((;&R5BV6V

M^:Z2P]







&D-2\+6$`D;




M(J8E*NMHK29$G*!OING%BA@=I^E)KD(F?=_NJ\&:3@.$B$Q)(JY3K-68*X18

.3KREK9^#47ZQ41O[9R
MAFTMN1J$WN9JB2/-`G2ZNV(^)$1@^G
-BQ!K#K;W%6@56;55&DB?\(.VS[
\

M(M=*#

M*'AMYE)^2K]$*V?A%`A!K4V_E`B](\ZLE7&L)=1(J$4(MBIPI%F9DJR7BK-P



M?'X*5

M?\@2I[)H%4.%QBDC)D-IK*#/1ZM$_



`4$L#!!0`!@`(````

$(


JV4EH0)O.S*B+O$U7=P4F*R6HS^_I=C:@V=D6[W];&3U5?8S(9M
M\ANPUOK!0^\K_PJR:OHNW$#OAM4B9IM.O=#;[\(V;0.=CN'@GQ=B^KY5E@.
MA@)-



6


!U*
HD[4$)HF
S##A'
C


4T\2$5$42#I._KZ/
MHJTX6V'D(HG2O'DSPT6K\P?5DGLP5NJNH$D44P*=T*7LZH+^_G5]-J?$.MZ5

4K5=#/G\D[.S1,[&-WGTULOPN.\P

L03C9@'77TE-2(K;6
M:?4W@)(]52!)]R1XWY
):YI1@N<7IN5_G6;YB]YBIV&
N`P:O(R89$0S5
MC))0QK&DMT

M`F8VQ)!
%VFZ&`'/?$X^(L`7O13PQ!\$!
`;-//YX<+</0/VSRL`<4F!J^0-M:






:([;:3X

M
3+/


M




M9VI;D^JT:;;UZ6EE_?TM^Q1:DZXO3]ORT)RJE?6CZJS/][__=O?6M
_=OJKZ

#_EAOVJ9K=OT4Z&9L
MHJ;/T2R:`=/]W;8&#XCLD[;:K:P'9UFX@36[OZ,_5-7;YWR]Z3;-V]Y6V^_

?VR)1`
GAFC
QJ!/]O)MMJ5+X?^K^:MJ.JG?0_A#L`C


B'V\PYQJSX\(__/!BX`%F)`\XILK#JMX[EP7A

MFC`$
DG


M2

MR+HN;0-9X(2

:[R0
PS28J\%+'8&*^%RPJ'0IX&VIYZV=:;FF
R$
M\FLT!1J#?2?]E.([60YN0`K\%15XYZ:&=&C-9&[[8833-G9&K$96`+/RYU08
R*4L1:JQ4,
MPOD2:0U!3$XBR!*1C41B0JD)92:4FU!(.P?:9AN]X^U5V@]#!V7C((?:0+'








M#W@G*!`YUHETEHI.OU946'L*3Q%S7[L

M99

MMLF46\$311PS

WV30OY)Z1
M5


SDN

#/)WV\U

E[5I]N6Q
M:HI^V5ZJ
WQS:+NF&.!C]VSVEZXJ]N.BYF3:EK4RFZ(^&XQAW=W#T1X.=5G%

JGY(:TII+
K7?FB;OYD1
MX52









BS;VU.$[M41:?*

MH(TVFJS$PEB'$AU*=2C3H5R!U/CHV'5_?&Q(4^)C$
HQ*N(?@W-`H\I/@;Q
MO8&L`MNW-K^$GU=JD
:GP88L?!RG;PR9M,U$+'5R:1I=
0(S'7SGHW
T5&E43

M1(RQ#B4ZE.I0ID.Y`JEQTU'J1MQW_0PG;!Y3PI8CVKPDM..#64%)3%;:1!AS

M

M=#



M0UI6GS*=TIGLGLLJ/_^+02ZEPB0^)8&_E
2=WH1AL+A9#D\24!+X2TE6TZ4[



M+P



M@6N?5S.47KU



/]&D<!@MHOM%.3%CYB7<
UDC




M)TVT7F=

MH
MHVS;+2E*T&N[I8B2]/:YY9!GIK9!^@A)4JU;]2ZJ'1H$T2AVX:<$S]*Q68[
M


9Z5@&1-/68W7LSH

M$0D2O%OV%U.4X)U'2=Y[''&0F&T3#!`25
-/_O)!7=079=\%4A3I.UBN@J5Q



#.PZ3Y*-(D)4JT

N3$)O


,0(7!)H-319(#9!8H+4

(WWW,#J^S]R@V8P-R*JG0`R69Z1#%J(0FB$P0FR`Q06JS`2Y
M`K1$S(Q$V




MUDL_7

Q$(I*_H3BN@]KYB\\(Q
158H%DJLQ$4B:3@62NWDFD!R5







6KC

M6


MI]0/Z5?X**6]AR70IT&BB**8HH2BE**

M+D?JU!



M0$H%4111%%.44)12E%&4:TB/&=LV==?H[YEG^.9D:&
.ZIYGG)D%(G1Q0=
RN:E#,KSN1WMZU=\+3Y'5^_X_L[^J;^,P7?P+K^O
M&I-[\(X?DV#PI]GF1RB`M@N06-ND<#ZW`16G0@DF#UJ#=;A!I-();#V-IA+

MV.`=/)4D(







MP9

M(F;`GV9Y35NT

M_9WC&]7^.S0CMT.3I]_SD.UH4^\`R=7KCKMY2;(-@;1.]%!WYOG!2?XVO!







M965T

MG
)D
O/O5VUUNZV6A[&W=A[&X2`=RU)++36^^^W[Z=C[EEV*0WZ^[UN#4;^7


M`=`-T5#^S+/A;`A





H$`A-8F\#&!$(3B$Q@
M:P*Q20FD-:`(;BV\B\D\;_A7T$C_*L\LU`=KAM.%-)*)6E:Q,(#!M0EL


M)S9

M22'MZ(`AZT8BCQ)MF%K(D*B1R-@!MTPM9DC22&14K12%&IP/#4H'YPMIZGQ$
MZLYGR!(1ZGS'R(25%*HYGR'K1B)=27!-
[60(5$CD5&OMDPM9DC22*3+1VE1


;


=UV-AQ
+F:)/7Z<UVC
MO/M6):76\E)LG#;=M-VP[03:1OU[#=H*(LYO9@8B3E1M

CQUBAM


.):VX4J)(PR
&S`[AP7F4


M!_4=Q1S)R/-HHP,.11I%FT16U9;KAAS*&G%E1)%&C[S.`?-7
V/QF0D-'

M5TIH:C%),]J4])_\S?RU/2]I




49*2,_`FU?Z((T:(UK<#L9@1TR,04AYAA]J
M^[:4D)ZQ[-J818QQNO6EI3CM2R5TPS-*0GG&]GZR9ARSR[J=3:6X80QV6,HS
M?+CWI1*<PI799/TTM:'9ZA*F4MPP!C=DZ1EX#\_<-GVIYG/C&?Z!(.&2510



2YX;6RL5]N.
MHS@0?5]I_P'Q/@$#N82C#HAP$BSTFJUEV=G`0UX`B33O??;]G&-+:SHT2S

MD0:O[`]



MA4JVNGB$KL[;U^OE2T'JU#LRZKL/CBI;=5%].W4D#;?5Z#['05Y(;GY@T%?
MET5+*#EV$Z!S1**FYM`)'6!:+P\E*&V6RT^KNP7%&7(M9WUDAOT=XEO=/2_

MF$'0SX6QGSM_/H%93P+CTPG



MKRPPU;U02)+9BUXM9`8@/9&4AB(*F!9&-$T0![Y.



4:HYG


M953/':)%


M+W-H965T


M!:I3
L%GU




^^WQ(9X0D.4YIN5BV^



R




E1PN$*_
M\#

M



MN.XX28/+K(/SM^?BTDJV*K^'KLJ:E]?+EYQ4%Z!X+LJB^V2DME7ERV^GFC39
2)ER4L(!X*]5%30U



M)MY

YMT*8ZK58)^YX$:!7'0)\=.H;V;^<@!]OAYDN4UW$

M-X






3?+
C75L-\+';._VYP]5V
MFI/-&.;=+1QDMVMJG)'ZJ<6G@9%T^%@-X']_:
Z]8&OK6^C:
MJGM\.G^I27L&BH?FV`QO(ZEMM?7\V_Y$NNKA'&_HJJ!??XP:!OF[HC/=D-
M


5;G8P9^[ZPMWE5/Q^$/\E+B9G\8(-TA
M1$0#FV_?


MGGQM
DO,(B2^/8@(DXSP\[$/.U\/RP`P[+R)C@K!JJY5U'7BS8-:!Y?Z[H
M'D1SV*XBLRP/4ZY_EFI(#R6YIRP+&QR#+/90G\]+2.Z=\PPU57.;E6F#5(NU


MR)N46#/$OR`90P+ZXZ)


0.X#I5EP;2&8@&P/)#:0PD%)&E!C@C+P]!FJLQL`0!(^IVGQ?

V84N&

MDF?*0EJY1)%WHG&DTL0]J03E4+1@!21\7C




(3EB
M`?VT
0AFJ3


MK21AHAUM&VX#Q2C*++^)O-#(DSA%L?9^1B]2J)N


/#A
MX($


MK\6A.V]

`XDSN+N9'=(
MAE$DWYWK#;DP#KG!S)_/O86_O'_V$-F7`
:!A'RX`BWYX#QPR*60RZ,/RX
M]G

\









MD=?=4;2'8Y#0%2'B+=#J`;$5J^RUE%A#$H7$(:K9IRF2:'[.G;S#OF]V'BR+

DDYS)-F!+!M?W1_L[9Q#


M^FA9^``I/E!






BYX;6RL5TV/HS@0O:^T_P%Q
KX^?%P,T?-/JF*CI,\)'.@,X2
M!]4UAU9H`=-F55:@@*7=Z-!Q;3XY41::UF;%\_-7A6YD\K]!SOB6=E7Y1]4B
M2#;8Q`PX8/S,0K^4#(+-EK8[X09\[8P2'?-K3;_A6X:JTYFVW
0Q'1%Y5N
M2`$)!9J9.V=


Y_XB6#ZN


9Q]IT89FXNY15;460XXZ9V`G$NR.Q0'SV
MY4.9N
M0)MJ/04-^$@U)-203B


MF




MDTH@/DS

O8V]R92YX;6P@H@0!**```0``````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

M



I\+6

WCG!BZK$P@:WPXA`[

\N%2:#



M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````


MT9

64XR_3/_]P


2K3GYV\_'H6U(:Z\[5^DITB2K

M/PY]5&FU

M;LAEZ#./*.KI:^(3[E(MYY0J^:OR.DJ&(5*!I8!R)74XTXR[*.102JK0_3H/



M5\_X`K(9D;Q(-!([)L
EX'IN94OE&S3.N+]AUBJ1$CJATW@DPH@*M=01


?D6U@F\!4_O:`DR!
Y2[7=T@Z4U=

29I7#CF;66MI5]`Q5
MU3^/.*9_('%



M#

M='E+OZF2=(
O-TC#MXHE9ZN!R@*0;I^R$I_Z^/K-[



`0-J`8`]6N-6+U9R.,DPU1'A2SSH[L?L&)7#^:S
MMQ0

M+Q3V

MYCG\Z



M%``&``@````A`+55


M+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!/W$17.@4``)(3```8````````````````



M``@````A`

M:&5E='


M`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#H[A_
U0(``.('```9`````````````````)0D``!X


M-RYX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`V2MLWX,``#D!0``&0``````````````








M=#4Q+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#=!F5#


M='








%

M+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!@XNV[Z`(``/0'```9````````````````
W

O







]W)KS`(``+`'```9````````````

M='

BYX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`?,SB7S(%```6&P``&0``
M``````````````]

M`!0`!@`(````(0!*):]VY@(``.X(```9`````````````````8W`0!X;]W



M;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`1VOTX[(#``@#```&0`````````````````O



M`BT`%``&``@````A`%%?36D]!```Q@X``!@`````````````````UTT!`'AL





M:&5E='


M`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#7[MU/!`@``
PB```9`````````````````
J3`0!X



``!D`````




M4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A``.$1!F)!@``FQH``!D`````````````````[-$!







&UL4$L!`BT`%``&
M``@````A`$`B_B)9!```CP\``!@`````````````````_08`'AL+W=O<FMS
M:&5E='





O












1M




F/@0`
M`(


YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`

M`````````

M:&5E='


R+GAM;%!+
M`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`RPQX^






 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOtherPayablesAndAccrualsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixZeroRBZeroXFiveThreeSFourxnTN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOtherPayablesAndAccrualsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixZeroRtrhLBSevenFTwosfFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOtherPayablesAndAccrualsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixZeroThreexNinewHSZmddxH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOtherPayablesAndAccrualsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixZeroXCfpZXBpFourZThreeH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOtherPayablesAndAccrualsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixZeroSLlBRtfQThreesqS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOtherPayablesAndAccrualsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixZerohhlnCtFiveThreeFiveCbR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_RelatedPartyTransactionsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneqfwGyFourCTvqFFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_RelatedPartyTransactionsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnerNkcTKFFiverxFiveFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_RelatedPartyTransactionsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneTzFourTPQMnPnTwoNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_RelatedPartyTransactionsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneNSevenRMwnTCcTGh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_RelatedPartyTransactionsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnepThreeFourkyQGThreeZSBFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneTcxysOneCZTwoThreegZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnetOneSixQLhDMSevenFiveZX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnemJNWSevenFourmMhEightBSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneOneNWnFourwROneSFourhS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneXrZeroNblgFdNCSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneTCSixTLPXqVmSixd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPolicesZeroTwoSevenThreeSixZeroCVFiveJKXTGpMDd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPolicesZeroTwoSevenThreeSixZeroqmMNinegfzqFiveRrS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPolicesZeroTwoSevenThreeSixZeroFiveCxLJFivewEightSevenKKD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPolicesZeroTwoSevenThreeSixZerofEightMtNineZZnSHZerof'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneLqmgRtZzGLDJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneTcnSevenbTpzCGnM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneKwFourQXFourTgTwoTwotTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneKMVFourZZTHDqZerot'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnezpmRTBNineTwohTwoSevenv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneWxpRdSixLPTmND'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnexThreeFivedZzxlbXKK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnemHqcZeroZqZeroSixWSixF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnewNineEightBZeroZeroxCGtFourn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneMzkmfZJSQDgZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneCrOnefDZkzGnBc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneFiveBPSNineGNBzXSevenT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneThreepxXtwNrNKsFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneHSSZerofJThreeSevenZeroThreekFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneQSixPThreesyXXnyThreeFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneNdxTqFivestDRSEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnecXmngnlOnezxTOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneJEightwSkTwofPrNdP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneTEightBWOneQdqZSzSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneMrmRxZeroRMbOneDB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneVTkHVVKWNineHGEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneFtwHPKREightlLQX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneFourcpJBvFourZlLSevenL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneDTfZeronSevendSSevenZeroKM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfValuationAssumptionZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnerZeroyZnSevenHsOneVrSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfValuationAssumptionZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnewVJwXgCSEightsNd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfValuationAssumptionZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneGvhMkLSevenhcKXZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfValuationAssumptionZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnenCOnefpFourqZcbwL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_CommitmentsAndContingenciesZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnebZbVJEightSixVhmcZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_CommitmentsAndContingenciesZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnexmFGXHSlCzhl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCompanysIncomeTaxExpenseZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneZeroTlQThreedNQFivegSw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCompanysIncomeTaxExpenseZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneNzTqJRFourdOneGCn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCompanysIncomeTaxExpenseZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneRnnzyFourEightSFQqB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCompanysIncomeTaxExpenseZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnekFivewFCGpcnfyH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCompanysIncomeTaxExpenseZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnedTwoLwvXJFiveTBvThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCompanysIncomeTaxExpenseZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnesKNzySfLfdvv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnefZerowkFNineThreeVDSLEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneWKkJSsSevenTwogFiveKW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnedMTvTlVFxRzZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneCldyFSixnTwoEightTtFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnezmWDWHwLzvTThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneTwoHsyrSDOneFourwFourW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnehrDRcVTRqdhK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneSixkRNineCThreeQJzKMX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneDThreesgTZeroFiveZerotsTZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnebcnVNinecbHTSixNinef'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneFiveZeroySybSixqWGVNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneBhEightTTxJwFourOnerOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnexSevenJpSevenPGMSKbn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneyGkrsTwoLMNFourhNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneSevenPQEightSevenZerodzTGfh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnemJyhyfrfpdDD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneSyHwnbOneOnedPVW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneFNNineSFourKThreeSSevenxmSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnelXtQxCCcRgTG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnevbTwoNTMXBfDEightq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneMTlyQvFourTqXcS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneWTwoSevenQkDVCwmXk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneOnevPJZerodNineOnesQFiveR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnedPyTwoFhvXfNineym'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneSevenhTNrzfyhckNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneCFivenDFlKyLvDg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnesSeventRzWzqzKFG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneqZRzDbvBmlSixl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneZNNkdffyEightwpg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneJvOneHdTQJgbqT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneEightlVbzFourTThreeZZeroTwoOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneNsgwLFzmwHkSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneZXKKwMrKScry'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnemyXHDNineHSixfhOneSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneqrtNbNDTWtvB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnegPZeroSevenrRmFTfKp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneZlSevenfWThreesKlTlFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneKQyFourqVTwohSevenWzZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnefMlFiveEightLyznJHSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnexTwoEightvvOneBEightZeroCnZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneGwFivegFiveCbqfxGSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnermEightVQSixQfOneFourFiveFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnewREightTRLNRydfW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnetSevenvcfxMnDFiveRT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneBEightTzWSevenynVJCQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfRevenueByMajorCustomersByReportingSegmentsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneWThreeKtFiveThreeqTwoZHby'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfRevenueByMajorCustomersByReportingSegmentsZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnewNtFourFiveNwfwZvH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedStatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnepgGxPktTwoMvHM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedStatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnelTFourWKJKLhNineMT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedStatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneFournwnJkZeroQwxGB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedStatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnemlPTFourKOneTwzOneB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedStatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneJvFourTbfFivekvkMEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedStatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneMVMRxnThreeyPvFl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedStatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneThreeBMpThreebsZeroNineFiveBN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfReconciliationOfTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneNcFSevenEightbwqqDTS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfReconciliationOfTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneSSixrNZeroyRXGNTwov'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfReconciliationOfTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneEightFivetxkzQsEightvPEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfReconciliationOfTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnewmTTllSSevenHTwoOnef'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfReconciliationOfTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnezQKLChXTJPzw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfReconciliationOfTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnelqltTfThreeKNineOnerNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfReconciliationOfTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneBTLdSixgmwZeropLh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfReconciliationOfTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnemVXbTwoFnSixZeroSixMT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfReconciliationOfTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneJPKXNxzNfnrL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfReconciliationOfTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneSevenFivefThreenGnWXTwFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfReconciliationOfTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneTTqgbFourHDGXQS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfReconciliationOfTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnewxPdHqMWcZerosEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfReconciliationOfTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnetbHTwocSixRdVcSS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfReconciliationOfTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnelOneNMbFiveytyNvV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfReconciliationOfTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOnenTLSixnSixWpNgvk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfReconciliationOfTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesZeroTwoSevenThreeSixThreeTwoThreeOneBFNWBpzCSixSgT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoSevenThreeSixZerowrDTkvxzmtMh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoSevenThreeSixZeroGSevenZerorzLtSevenTworBn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoSevenThreeSixZeroThreeGnpTFourXfpFivexT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoSevenThreeSixZeroVSixtTxKHzThreeBmh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoSevenThreeSixZeroLFourJkPRhKDsrn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoSevenThreeSixZeroJbVvDFiveHHqKKb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoSevenThreeSixZeroxTHkdpCSixOnecTThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoSevenThreeSixZerotNLBgbdEightnQbg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=center style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=center style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
M&577K1E5=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``[%WI<]LXEO^^5?L_<+55
M4TF59?,^G&-*\9'U=&*[;'?W9+ZD:!*2.$V1&AZVU7_]/HD1$H418*@)+N5
G)R?/S\[$UK_(RKX$?GG!<OY^U^UNYY0#/

MR]WADB%WAT(4/'[.&WHY3%P.1/%W[JY3C`CX_]8'0B\KQTXJ3
]I*2IZ[C
M_5%1'+]^-

MO]U;8S0Q^\L
V&A1BS0?(NMXY#^=P`NH*\A]7NA+PIP(%+&7:J14U)/D9:%H
M5%I428I&6=$X[(]

[CP['/H`9SE


1

++95V$8
M0XOMF5_3\JJ=/8`#H:(G\/U?BH:%FUH0&
`C&S^^=
T1%86AZ88H(5%H;
5F


8



M6%8\B5TH8M]$8Q3@UP$:8WD]H2O/\B?H36FT-K^O2LD[GUXQY:[&?/+@E+IV
M2KN9

M?4;P



M4#(^RH1H.#W3):LR(2


M7LKN%)I9D1A^6$-4EC=;*^RSZQ\U6IBLU(^CX/1[C9JK:L8UZRAX%3.N684V
MFRN8X7C@V?@OW`F?3)?TO^C
#((9N


MV=O%RQ0&*@1F1


MLB$73'H]*6:@-@A



M

TU*D9W5I=NI/)DXT(;-#F\

M@EPVEH$`(/R1BXK(M]V*\H800I7SL_UJRFL2F.UB!4&`$2FO_#546$#9(`O#



)5(7_;OM]JNI9?`EAMO27U#7%+




M
PG^7+W/0X)0^ICGA74AY#K'85=@(VN:QD$$=C/W#^1'8#B:Z['87GDVM!
MZA%D$[:`3AR@PX#J6GP1ZV&E9!B!*F.K$!8*B-,%9?O=*KE=MWV(!C)+6U



M88[+6@R&)B*6+#1`KT68)K+Q%`ED(I1$\S7P`_#V\`?KJX*MI6*)/.J!JY

)PK1D.PY$NJ

M$H4'A$$!#X\



M=Q`O*+IAY*/X+3*SIU*DB6\
#)PB(1N@ZQ@1OABO).`8VN38IJ(L:+^2`-\+4




Y?,[F+&6W(FZI914\Q-5\_;W+YE,\DV
MKAQHR373'
'.=7J58-O`7:1YZ21`QOMUMVQ_]HSR31?'&Y/
HPSC33F1)E'








?T#(V2P10R=]7N1--*R[29G@

VHJ:#

M+J59K$7)CL[5S2]#U4/`&'*[#S&:0%[O&-)UT?`.

M&TJE


#






]N.L

M'M

MCZ`NZ)GSB5JB



M%?-#7)F^B^K*

6<?_J3-N9W@NLU!)X8BY28*.44$'XS5:G<TD8L/(`A
LQ
M/%0L.TOB0C+:
.='DO*!?Q3=DH%W%IAB_W

MHZ/`NI`
`V42:_
=GE7875F8(#N&&P^]&_W:#U\?M*
QC`P)@K.
M6UEA'=GQ065@.T`3[Z6KNDH`

M1^.`QC_]E^Y]/`FB%*96`_-!%4Q[?%?QA'14F^U3VK(UP4D




]C_LVRK


1\`..@O2_!A.)OAQ;5K6T)W9[PGP9%OL

MP[/3

@T

P&]^^CBK6_


O
?5X1P38!
M]E6]O=J





6_CSJ]`[[7
#OJ
M7-7;\

M:RK'8&I+KA/S%W]=G;AX^M=BV5\[M?;C1-J]K(]4.9!L]RB/QFU5Z:!LP!AY
M*4*^\?C0#!^M472







$.OQ!=.

M8@


[`([I[[GRR%^V:2-]J23U1*FZ
V+V0UEHLF7OK
M14=JK964J+UC&<E9.\8&CNGLE9.LXY(%7;!2:W^OW_RS6[FDS'](AMZ:Z(W

6/Z
MWU5


#OR):.2+0E/X.]G_WYTA#_2#Y]T










I'=9:./)

MX-@;`


M0YMCU7)R\NW7PJM$H):J@((RX0?)PE]!*
`D4Y4N`5:[\`Z\0&5A:1)DT_+]
MC/3'QQ0+`QEP:%C\0]!*
*PFP^0I^)F]U3?NOH!E=.6W
F/.`,\6-7/7S;[@FY=`%IM_1LP5IP1(V=??90-761L$(N8+
M*4SVH7(W@(?'N*8,8.B^`]C?6E<V\Q84*4)K
9A+;P!].]8K\Z(.20&LE+(\#Q0E='
MLNL6$Y]X!9AACY@2-`-Z0Q`:TJ3+:HX.62579DE`'?A2NXJ71H)@42.9J-Y





M%!TM;


%V(V*+O#)K\+




@G+;63;[PD_-W83:^FCF



LP
M%+

^($S)L;=QQ02J#%)J!.P.#4)VP;

S*NT75JFO:J'(]U4'/-?(=('

ML.+


/)`R
ML+]S'8Z^L=RM69PO


`E6T/CWMY1Y
B6L/
WD/%]

0_


QDPTOVLF'[F\W-
M-:RK&8/%IG1N`3++-A%RL/X.6T.40F92(9L,D8[/:3T:*ZP.=`HJ)&?T)3`@
M_J\4TX]6$/;B+E:6:UV;(;/<@'4$LL9@'LZA#@:[\X/E(XZLZ?Y@FLA#O?J

A?=M;Z2)DY(&([
!MPK5T4?+/:I8U?N





M.

WA29R@


-@[GL\P;[9-Q@0I&MK9C@
R#<+

#=LK.?J=0@O`-

MTIDB'-R8
1`_!




ML2C[PI&SW&.C+D5?;(`O'H#6GP.I#0:NV'^;AVT@Y.+4I0[Q0T'.#DR97`



1
V]*6MO3+`NIR4Z8%Q$UZ&
M#3S&DB]9&HUM<)/KU5GS[N8D`4TQ`(7-^6Z4@9,4@682ODVFG!D6/@!+7S?0
MR^(D771(C5@368[=*LW*JID;^N#D.3A#N16T/=*[-\-.*RE4,(!8'/G=
@$



M^;&%6+%$&HQ_].%@!HTC=P
&M[JR!J3


HL\(Z


M%P$AV20*'15^\1)V*2N#!?^SOIV%%E@)DX

M`%1^?OK$#1)4G32H



M)3D:FA(RG10@


)$E)6D.84&(GD9\35B#GTQ^
SHC'V'S5*FNP%F
M=D%GRCQM=BJ&U
7IW+T4[+
04FG%
*6I1-T'78S]






N_XO[)*]7RPVE@N77A+KU5?7CA&TT#AH;`M!
M

XQG[V9Q4XI!OCT5T_YI+\$B-EAY1JJL(R*XZ-]C

H'*SKIN!'NV$YZMTB3OT[.(6SH_86G#:]4LH
``N8$TZ$+

MT7W?O%`W5K=7L6
S5=A@J8].PG)6_7.-`G_DA*+*=F4B\(DTYV@9G'%L4+











M
\OG9'7Z



7W!X*`Z+G5/81)DFUQ/#1%HI3

MG6

MTBZ=)/13$PZ!@54R;EAR'*UJ.]

M;HU`

2F'C1
M#=D1'**-8T?C-GL3L%QK@^FKN.#]
N=&#)?:7.5!Z=E(\)JE@;D%;Z/7


%`W

;\ZG(IQ7W1^@LW(7E^]_[S7WA_/#PGHDQ.\#?WN=ZDL^36%Z7I.\_SQZ;

4&$G+W

M79+S-L%?A^

^&;+(!EC_8.7T'?.)5!=Z



MK=3S5NK;T$H];G4G+=7@@O;:FW\)0W#Y;NT+[XGS#NUYA_9

MODX@

M




M1]@87\&1N71C^*4/)?)F\'DS^





%LSRDMIH&/T1,]NU^[EJL%C3L]VI)J]GR'?N-KW+U?
M`IIB``I[Q05:TCLIEO@V5OZ%16J`R-$-=*$YZ4L=4EO61)9C=Z*S\M/F1ID$

M;M%JK/&O]:1WW6#9&6




M)@K/3
.C!8O`1U[F9[)0!WK&

G/D..]:4T0CN!*:Z

MNDI8QC+(

M7?:;4%0[+B!;P?8)9(['6UUX16*<.N+.KLSN$C%3)+D47!=4M_=;Q^@$L


90V,P;82
M0/[QYL@//E;G<T)F5&F





M:%3L-
MT(\S1ZG6




M+IN](&A6)=Y/,D\6)-W3

4_'X
M^H52*A75B)0[8SN2S^UNYZ2

T[HY





MU49KX&ND[L?[M2ZP4ZT3);3J6_'V[G*OI9_B0V)=2I5&]^6N(Z[7(6[4^^




\

M%=VN+\IW7(!9CW8]*A:Q(5$N#DV:?W+#4B)4FRZXXPN&(C+CB
V4777*\1$-






MV
+8@*;R@=?PO^;'+7#(.5T^@YO
]LE]&NDNC&'W20^
35CH&*(QE%039?B_

F*!



SWA=
6$J6R\8APS7A5[&8=:62M`
I[K%9;2NCDUZ[M]2`@4S


J7/$E3PWY/%B
M8U]W-+CE]N







#$W=@^

MCXOG/D;.FS`6I;*P0'#O5HPCQ\AEIP^[PIKS4LSSNYO]ZY`JF)-A]U&B+G43
MY^)(4KJL1XS3H\4&URD\N];$!*]N11U3WGW

0/6
MA@&&.C:IZ;Z#\);ZLCXV':HZY7C=5WGC4MB[0
=NZM3?XM+M#6:/
9(
2\%7

SF(9+0(7:^+C%GO0V)O`0
M_^-
C#7?!44;C9U




VYZ$B@]?S\/3[NZ





5O(RX=:]PXY^=%C9&^
7?/\5#;F^3D\/K[[&UT]CZ?'IS^?





















M#[??EOCU'0

M;YY$&:GP7[KQB@5



M'Z[X]QX^:

(.S/8F*5!
0I;:BP5
M31Z\/K-&YQ/]GF4B=;`9

M



M5JI!W)9Q^\6Z_+9.

MHY/@?ENO$9Y/AC


MBB)DN4?8%\'*!B


MQ74KC
WC72J)U6BI_@TK2GZB]AK8[T_AL-

MOU3CE^\5L=0HBX5RU@+K1T[W`-W+8KUX(%8*JXJ?]'3/#===!G=MTI2C*;;=


MH@JE0N%`)%\Z[J




*(`B&WVXD$$/J%8
M)M#%&-*QA*RQAP%







MV9NTAMS[!L)F?9*J;&-0K@2PL?4DM[_(S?+5;2XQ



VZN#KCWCVR6`:+*/VRC@%Q)9P?'\X-

6;Y6:S`=P
U
M/WALVQS$

9+DU$`U]);


9)E3ZF\%R-+A]W&!




2


MT9LO-\HUL5R



_@4:KB)5216Q4

GW4R/@/6=).0[NR8@W?KJV#<?)7/?5.XW'*M&!9


MYC(YP0FVR

M'

;H[Y%]NNUNL'%0Y&0B+(G*0$CM<W/Y^:VCV-?]+D+B4JLV'



.!QS5(L%7`$.!B:$UGMX2\VT*:@:!UU

M#?6Q!G1E`';WA3/[AY%D6@B)HG=ABI9C$4-&/D7L\0V


MIA!+`94K8KWJYK$!O(B2HH]-H)T4U32B/29B#+



MOH6_4S/E&O$N%P_$TD%QR]0?/P%*AY2K'[&O_9R-`P@S^G34Q$ICU3G?FK.1
MG:-^4:S6MH#ZN[5EV_0)V+K.NTIBK5(7J_7(R3C'\ZZU!!_\/A-6KS7$8BW+


7%)M=7;#(^XGO34QB1`4GNE%6\([%U4T@-VF.8SB2:B86
MK3JBFD58C(1=QOHL'UKKEGLYC4H9;*](\11N\/*AAF4
KH_H\AG\;O;P/=P+




M#P:J=FRY$@8_'+?YE^8%Q05Z:V42Q$

MN]S1OK6$S!WMN:-]WLSP\?

M


M%
Y@^[*)LX*L3P828F/7:[WGD^%






D*VP#EG:\07+$F`ER%1K!
60?^


L(:0ZW&K*G;'!2K;!#YV!9



2FC+5
MHCMT7B(
I'?VBR4;0P8/*F:LKV;GLX:4,'##]GH*96QU
Z5*3PC_)^J1JE

MH

;'=T8Z0:R'XI!R]Q`3D'J0?^#F

M8!TE53`
K*^!K':%-C`Q2AYD8;



@.2XB92?Z&*A
P;(J<G6')*BB`G3M+B--`W4
M!P95-5`IJP6*()
%$=^0)E'!6.Q`BV*3!
9G7[6W-5GOVX@X=*2-1=+NXAH




V4%V8]A#MR`H+P/

]HLMA3/0]^C`*+J0+&VU$
MGVU!AM+_=`-+M+O`N72&KP#]V`([A5D30VE*A?EA400(#O3L*5BY/4AMKYXU




NS[DW9FM_J^
MT*C#_`/=C^U]WK%O:G]JH)'&Y&WP]^8AG%5EJ%@13O&ZN;#5
9-S%'=X=![X

#'ME[

MH2NC&Y9LC4!W&A=Q=S\0%:\KKJ:A9+S*EB=6%W([VN[F0H!KR_M%5QRGFH#@
M^EIL;2PT2:Y8\'5ED5COENZ8*2:'=F#%3LDJ#3#@(B1EGG9OETA;+4GI[J%_

M\?`C7R-??8W

(@U?-%DB^2T(9ZFZ?[K+I*N85$S*UV71M7(E

22NS.P6YK(PYC;A%UW*QXOLP[]C7`JL\YYLMWB5/[`%
MM6S^0%=R)
1GEY5A2:P7JN$BM=Z
[


8JHN-N*J%8JB(7
-V6Y2??5EDNN
LX<J)A7)!K!7X&W:Y)LHU
M4:Z)XC11M=`0J^7J%]9$^8I<G(J;5V5C#DON0@5!PVW_*L3%Z8WES&_J3
Z


.'VFJF)






M`?JLCK]BNOUG'])U?OZV&3]R`#_L:&%OV/9&
$UV&X4/
.%QM6-YG!@:UZ

MA#@B+#TV`1N64#W2):
;*I&++-K8%NX!)@/5:PJFIO;%#7$;OLN5U%W_0Z

M%YH*$$




MD):DJM6L+\.

M_NDV[YG;1@@F%!A
L52F3B2?0/7$
&OL)6D:&D1&L(';P3_FO03$*&NA3`T/

#1*HK
')M4_8GKY3YZ=C



MIGTO*(2Q2995P:#S$UBMV:QZXJ);@\5H1QJ9.?UQK!UX.%NF0YXJY4^
NW
M#(A?W)^*?_UP.YR93E=(,(?I?UZ7(]A7R\MKX\PJE%_/Q,2E4C9'K8GD;%O
MGSVNLR[FK@.VJPM,CZMP8RQP_XQLD#GCY,Z?PB&L:'_[M`6[P%$O0CH``8+






M(;GZI_`SZ)I@^MQIFCL-&`/V*F=;Y$`/9;)5L#5[X**G*[SVT.Q=02!P2;
)
M##CQ@

AHI_4-'5U[*B#







MGV=C$=



FU/2:B1V+H
M%+C46N\9S*%JZN+LB;&#8'P'R:!4QFQ+!(L+B&1Y=!K*GY^2!C.(2Q_)]1UG
MB(6F`$2X)-D//Y((:1O0S+_48\V_ZX6]8F&OV6A$:+
.SI[ERD6L?8Y)'Y&^



F43P@!G%@*O?G0\P.=%3#;(]
M\

[Z2T
M!]M3(%VE[H9&4.OP8D
-LKK8A_TF[!<OC<DY&:XZ
M20.PX]O&H6?49]2V(TWVYB)AN'$%]P


MC(=L0]$Y9
/@


M/^]Q

M@]_T1JGC]T+J#JVGX;5'T?BNXT'U?'G


M&6G?[=JR/R*B.QYT?`$;QN_%1:VML@





[.


ME)S7=X37T[3JV%Y6!XNX4A:+.;/_ULR^[M8UBW%25M6Y%EPX?/KY\E]@V32J
MR9?D5BW)-3:AV5KE5!+KA:IXX`5_K+QTLET1RQ`F'3E3
OIVL?;J!1Y_(_7Q



M'B



E[L7AD2;R)3N][
SZZ.\:/U_GG/G=4.ZHUR(RL3)`1\EF0:]<[TL6$@1[]<
M3?&/23=QY[%N5`K9+4X$]'(D'3X'U-![\3AHQ9\G+QI_`VX:J%1+5<S(ETB



^03&A5/Y^=-6T#^ZP)UWM7W-=F!397!UE1*QZ'+(D&

`FC`
M@ZSX*0)_AK12WX^/;U$


MJ73R#M-P_D36[]G]ZWF7OYU0*U:R



9


@MA

PA
G7IV/:7

ASPO/

M?74J:1L/8BIL1SWXP
6S.NTBF[-0).OEZ1)5
M<<8A+BME\ZF;9V_
D+A]NWD3

S?.K#3P_JV_4%=PF3




TC1G`_$PIN/;SU^#ED%'_%=/5ZLK

M%W2+K(;=
.+%6-Y@BX

&+9TV1#(=

H))<_H`FE4Z]=@<7?7:=.5I=-%:\<P_#K7E)R\
4[IX


M`=&

?


)
NC6`


VE-Y?`MUI*I_RGT*Q


MPKL




(!

TSU\:*1T@4'(!)





M!SLL&ZEK2Z3N!@4



1W1&23(6@`F8/W[6.A:.Q

M0YNFWE%(H3NO\)&


MJ'/B^Q`O
?9\:A0W/=^/BOFZUT


^`



MJ0AXZGB;[]';G!
Q%1%_:A;L4DVED]
O%?V.87N



YTY-9RFM/$5S)R08)MR2CAQZHK2;2ZN_N#5KXUI


0
?
&S@S

[W2'@CD1YBY

+-W1B5Y[





464C
M.%52HO1DS\93.8

&3#]9ORU?WP:[.SCK4Z2J
K
MC39O;9*;D.
4&.6/^(26WT]8H9CU5)&JN+137


M(`^R!N!!6L6WC


MM-*:TQ!K+B!!G&.8TB%6:.




M0R(7.&WS?#W'QB.`D!A`1-LNLE9VIM?CHDNV-5`
'BMVZ;6YX(L77IK!B*U\


M?[*%TXG3N(
?X'S/NYP2N0M&J:R8Z3DO=



Q9S?F=X]
D'O
M'7;417A$863HV



/(
1*T8`BXZ%]_HD@





MT]C\3@2





_^
MU@RYKYA

MQW=SCNFB9W*ED.)SMB,0[D8(GB0TO*RO]+QAV,TA,P%_R/=L8&WT@$$._P
MYX0[0$2JKRLK$=_!33'

MI11(?S=!)`6$30PE;;AFSH%+VFX(G*7$8VF_6O?!XG@#'=S#@!02`5E\+2D]

M]DFC8

M](R^`)!5%98\:`AO8]VR8R4L0Z*C#ONE759E!^Y`8P8N1NS/.-D=6$[P)LDB

F)1D[5.9HUI=:Z-C

!MVV

O3ZG?GE546

584CPM=+[#<5@5FWC


1W[.OV*
M[*_1`?(I7?.4/LI#2=$H0U83_H/Q!ENCG.+?M0PITTU`2C]-.E[+0?S:('(T



[/IW7+/+2(M$,NYHLHIDE-D
M1RBR#DOF]&.D&$O)L?7XFA;J/+^H:RGM_.VHLUQRW';


#+RUF3.QMA=BAO
M`D6@SH(T+?/U1!T^_6K?#S,00[5J!E(H'(F1



69#FI76%M\$O
MC$T?W]\M7-!;3Y\DP+
D^9.#


YP-N(Z/9I



ZLJJ.IZ2
MQ?UNCJ2.\]U.,V)/[%$NZ)]6Y4ZKW\)/0!BSU0^Y3^%8F%D_25X=ZG2R(3+
MSB?[WIXT5-3IGX*E#&53T.2)8.A#21/INVC*AM+[R\M7*A34M+)X[:O1^7
M2'O'\;XP^V84DCUGN#K4CN.'XE+-F(U@NYB@)W8!F($\F2.0#))V/7:;JY


M




8*/\_S&`9@:6S1D.J.CYXOF

MECEXR0+-@`&Y`FBI



^YOMVTN8X%
A7)XYT0_VF^ASP]/

AI0+\H.+




M@CLNLBOXKA[3;FR$@Z^:0!1_G




M]E3
R)T4#RH?-OBD1)CAXU'__8TN\F4#*F!26)T$

MG[









&








K@8LN(N<MY'=2VJ7LD*1_P9RA=(15N!`E34`$T+#\N@Z(

,!_(^T[W,:(0Y@/9PH;+XV^-&]]G]_P&)'.0X_L?V<^Z
1_
MC

M@;B

'R\





MVG9*]X:\A_8!



MD&&O9?GR!C)V)680TL0!A&1N`58I'F0=';GL8OGJ1(==9K%2_6J*XS20F6BO
V(95I+DFG*5AZ=
ME,@#FCXQI-&_OK&_2R^?T.,;B*]8&8+Y\1:1%%XDD]D2QA\;I$NO^7
Y&$Q
MVW(XNF/@KFTG=BM;@CZ2
9U=ZPNJ;N*.JR
9!E;XZ.G&1#*63;79ACRHDE@L

=]+!18

M]GW'





`[EA7
M59G5;*3:HG@[Z`-K3#7V!%49*I:]U!4S4+Y184G%5#1S)$U)-F&BL5.)KCLF
]=SG3]GAX1%;LRT4S*O79][M
M4Y%X#VRV.N2;C.W7:\8YU/6K:[45@R)7N9NGA+H;64:9YHEL_9K^_NK/-Q





MOVL98J4C\;+)`





6RU5;=(]%W`=+O5VD8IQ



M[
`OC]VG3I

MBS503FM=PU74Z;]&M_WW5

?S4['.WZ)*RP;+$

M8GT$X7S

MQI:'\N8SM*D92A&YL]3N/-8O$AEA(=]RYV-JPM_C%^=B_X5[:`GHFX.8XWQN
M`/
CAX4G%LK'P_7@Y
8]N7AYYG[2##H%5`H?BB3`S(\HP\O;7VQ@?6P
;P;D
M13^B*_Q/!7CRR@S`^5$'G;V_Z`V31YP)_#3@[_'GRC+Q
/.CR;.!=]VVU?Y9



M1?B%($N/XN#M$4.(SY^.U=Z$N^%Z4*B52L5&.AR#H*T@=M2/5FO([!CX^?J%





2\UIR@JS

BVP*K!AJ6PD5KM:^%VK
MSS6OJD]+C\R_R_WO0(N
C3B]0YP?^52F*MV!!KM<JZ

T2X3O1[B37I8IUB`:JY6J6TU
M?A-54!0;E8)8K]:^KHX['9S3;83%J/(N!HW'XIZJ]'(6QN!S!+
Z#;U-4



B46U-[4'CWAHB^)P


XO[WISL]AR5(W/D]%X5
MDV;+[[&=
T%%V)75Q6JA&)P#T?V]&C=#OAF
CF52%ZI@%S667/K(N3V5#GF4[9QQ<RX3%Q:V;BS,MEF_-[X<Y;,V2]S5A0

6$_BYLU(L508;#Y?
KG3





Y=M3A+J@.ZJ5:H9@)=8*09T4?%(5']TWDVO/;H\]G=C-W.E4;E4:U
MG(G6B\<@L]T,_AU]/%N36^/VRL1US9M8]<)!J9X)J6*`SXI.%TW6:OB2W8W




]DL1R'/3!

M$^[AOQ$\:#2J]4PH%0=_9A:Z











M046`ZG9JA**_W=!5NM'KLK2?K[;MD_&=KR/C#SMO8\54J#48]=`R1KH!=H4P
MD*7NVU@RP*S!&G=#Q91S%;#]\&\-A]UIPN'(4%0L`HE2'H1^K-PEOR%(9C@
M=9!]VY1MMCI4@]83^H;



Z1$.%(
$KPG0LUJN5_6+X
MJHE+4Q:&

R?XB3@=(9T&ZF-U95
M6[



GN2%H8U4

\


M;.`*ETU9)J[NC:VQ(:_DW0FZ*KTR*4N$`R6U.4T:(N]OZBZ;10H[I5M#2Y_@
MQ_G'U]L$



I3ANO;^=95%7H=HH
MN



.MQ/'H+!+AT+M*!\_8%







&#KG5C?0]Z0)OQ05A#&Y9LX-26&^FSM%
M%7Y)ACS0Q[!QOY&

MZ-#5M;YP;^COBM:1



4H5=XO;@&EMF*#Z[SY


MOZ%

\



X=/
B8



M6M29%%Y].^E-7MXOLJ!@M
A*UEC$DNZ0U1]]=(.76P
)P':CZG/;
;7^W!';



M9)O;H_/V`#X



MG2)?C:R)Z9
[ZX!.ERJYM=[62'ID[H
6OHH/FE/:XV9.K
*ICE_
.1U):]QU
M@9@^A7%KI4`D;3&7C4)

MI\?10R9.RED^Y'4BMV$Z/]YVGM0;X[9S_;IZX[;EMNIK1FW#A+Z8HN?9:@VO

'O]
M\7'YN&*CZ@S0]0.W*J+M8:O7?;G$6U$3=M056^]F@&X4Q%61'IS<]YO7[HO

M.P--5_7^5/ANRK)0K'YO__@1[*@KNE#`

7L*_JT\]3
[DF
M4
=;LC3D4-&4X7C(D

M.TS!#7'B'%DRX[VQEL$RE.0IV[FJ-I[:+$=RQY'






5=@RJV!1*^=R'J
M#O&VX(OMR3;UC@*KVZ
EDAD[05`-CTYG/+3GG77KG`6O2#_T@'7&ANR^%;F)


MIB[&BIN40O*.

Q42

SVVJ11NP?RBS6SI@#B@M&X.C`P
@L^


MJ?D)F#N&T*P#K94=Q(G.X8U7V\ZN3VN&N6\9LM;N4&ECXF1W2)1JG6Q79=P9
M29
+C;'@47KL:=ZRS7DCX84\`


D@[O'Z]NCRY?K[5+ZL/#FX[%HBD[.D81F
]





M3#4;'N61;N8.]SVO2XT3\^QY[OP\_;L[O'FL/7S[C9\TDG?-]GG)7'E.V2

?



'HW]!KT_0P$/@E&``&L.$P85B.3U`LWB&=#G5[SF-9]#XV9_
M)-(2)$V@U+*UV6/;*FP5[V3($DE#9SCV,O.S+-@Y1=9/D9GX
XSB#BM_2]-

MK@S#(BO'\_7NS


*=@

MY2CY'



M?Q55*F_5;M4XJQ-)R3Y;%6


3])UH


M6;'O]GV8B


$WQ%D`((`00`HCM.]XK58MY[498T66DZSHR*T73
KWLD;7.S)F:RE6'VC2!)
MD1(VM.9;&M7+Q&67GA&`B^!E\#K$/!B:8\6.\N33X4JC*R1]H2$ZV9#=5@

MW@446X\U



0V=V%)N0
VVGRM85S$1W?/'ZRZ(
=S0

$\`5KR?W$BZC&O

MCQNZ'VY
M_]'Y8QR:U=GE^?

MU



MK2^=]B_R17I5



MFX`




C


M

M($
Q!2`OI
0L.I5]ZX!PA$'6D%DINMKY-0&!=%-#NEUT
G!9U/K2&4M317_Z
MV
-!RTOZ$99(G#&).KAG\OE6BB^#G6;MU_!%[&5/V+-UP0)SA!N$[A7LE9=
M`%K4\*4GH%X#G/O[KPU+1O`M3]=(Z,=.ZU=:L]C_SKSDIJ95+,-2^97#S2*

]]VOMWQ5_NN\52[Z3:`

^WGBE7M:?@K.KX\.3FI`6.8]\2*59%5F1]6
^WGVP7A
M2_+W]JH!E]=C8
]E^Y:Y@.FVH9@&O^Z80P=?SV+0BQ]N@$?NIU85[F`N:R81

)A5<<3M^ZOGD


MJ.?;SQ6NF\?/YT$`S/E:A^LOK]A7[R;_V?S

MYNI

MWN-Y\N




H:

M\DMP9!'`5X/]:-W0Z^#X4^O\Y?S3*,B:V:%7_X_@P*NB%V=_ZJ2']N=.];
M]1YSM'13TVU^8?I
\_FJKO0$_-

D\MP$MS[2Z6`G7NSZ8=R/\&1PO0BU_\``?V\\I^!_






M!N%32'@`5?L`R=KE

-%+31]V-R5@P3ZGA&[)


MB!2P$92&W^0XGZSZR6T,SCC%X$,^YZ;2C8X+#+:8/I)TH[L/W4!ALV@3R
M_$'HN43\I+CC]7KPP%;H]M.&4P`)3002L`$181QA+%$X,9Z2.8&07A+Z1)Y
=SKB=;P@:=_D:^5;3*S/D_@048MW!K_(5J_!\\
\FQ#.ZSZIS/


@'#0'(Q
X]P#]!*$$?B[R4LZ!!

M1'ME#SH7

MWGJVD3/3C&'&K]0D


ZSEN7




MRZXCW

ME%&V%PTLC41[-'G7=:.^XXNTX9I)*!OI=@D34();6=PR=*1MW
WWQZ@]6V*R

M)!F*%!V#-XD4W1X;T/FN
XT3:=]!TEOYG?RRBGOZTW/H6_L89?@AB.@P^)W_

MJT*$0._(K9?C).*#'TK

Z

_31

.6=O_%3B3A`/;3
_7NZ
ML</%?$E@/N)I]&BJZN:N/K<8XD#@X&28/[:Z7N1\

UV]=L9WT5!69BHU


)G.SP


4\N*
:A#0(.3+H6T`9*:^-8+8
4I

2+73^
^Q%N
MX

:


4Q45E

MI96*;-55E%EU]![@P5WG7T!?A814+IL9(4ITRPRNRVR6&292BZ:4[.=B+E

GH

M

78P.Z1OWX
C;GOY5?]A<&:^1ONK



M&.WMEPT1$%=%!;S@K]_
PIZVL;RT)+9MVQ$S0E%`UD=69E9E529)'O3/-*;C

!#='



S_/
M]@7H2J+1$MX663[M.5XF(T/QZ5%CE+LA]H4L3N5\?Z-+1%\HPM0Z#=&X#'
X58:!5;E\R,ERB4'1*LI<&;:*R\8*JU\R'`%2


94
\N?






M&UE_YWE&%


0=/SL5Q&@S$ZO
W6T[L
29BU@05O59SW3F=-2-?

.A=$Q0]5[?PMR&


M'`!\0@-^TYGJZ-




\0\L/.N9-=AM?F\U0YZB8@W-C:JDX6H:+:HD^N7!6WH@03T%@R`8W




M=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``Y5UM;^




IR7L3X


C'DQ@UI/_?IG<[Q4D@<^0^#K#Q/=4GVTIH0N
M-T

M9=15OHO5VG^W#S]E/)=L7Q/$G.1#XG]SEK/?)V.)(0^6R_!K`^S#
BD_8W2I
@`-@6<//H.O
MH:J$:,)<D:B%1!:KIN;O@Q7\W9,7@9&RS6?(\J5Z%?.S]\I/O:AJ]O_GU:T
M_YC!F'W=KTPD$
!B-_`:QHQ*M0(F:K3`D+22REJ)K;?UG!;015.6$I9RKC

M9Z=6



D`\8!OMF*P72$(

MHF$GM40=&*1G`C[!-Q;Q(@P.RXL,%@&X5K[!F;8P=GE:OD


MY.7I(1S3;)&]2I\ENF(7=7&RGZGLR;*5FQNWGP!$N3A-G'VSDP?FQL)OC$
MQ!@U9G26F]`5;V+4Z3?F!BP5/IIN:4T`S(H)^)IR
2W(A`3^)




M-P8E_`IFE


I/MF(KRITE:S0<I2&2I

_
^27D$P.(Q=(

4<.IA-_SCG$L.KE8
MF7

M_2&

S$[%


MV)4P-=/2Z6ACZKA+NQ-2C4H-L'$DRF;XN:;$$6-==)V@OGW5HFI4IL!1NK

S(&%8+
M74
+GN9PQ^!L(=;F;782@3S4!4F%C%5,#74TLXW




KA

:-
VY&DB8##8*4[VY_`7B*-N$\V`9/6N?
M^B9Q&;6`MA1ISQ#2&49IG/%YHPXV1([%8@GAQX/OAN14&IDNBVRW31HJ\D5X



1-]XM
YFS\IRG(T#=8^0HW_[/;(.`+.=\5C$37.H
MR[=MG[QJ-1MEK3[4YND*?US^:O.(?J?L.N^&-(9O]I


M6L.!I%HX6V
IBGYLTUT[)*I4S79P51EJ:W0EOZ]E@K2==M!606P\35L\C_/
M8MX33_X+4$L#!!0````(`&*!?D9]1,Q[ZWD``,UJ0`5`!P`;G5I;BTR
#$T
M
3(S

][F']^_'PZ'W[2/
M1XX?3^+WW_YY=NW*]V1+\\_?D'R_/8[ON&S<PS50]=_T57/^

MQ[___9=&5_GV^W_\_OL7`M7UYN0L9G/OE_];^Y]T

MTOUE8+B&LS?TWRZ$K(6]_`?^

?_[ZI5['J6/]





\;=L;1
M
VS=T*\

6%V-2
R7*6PUMH-:PMWY6N'VMRDD4S5G9*6VKG?9JJZ^8Y5\-VP
M//=ZA2CEV^]_7/KN_W&Y_-?00X

M@%K





MW&;COECOAF6U[?7!'AJJN[8-_:?K[C[K=]

MO/YN:BVTNK56/6KK4.[?M
C7^P*WPDTU`


$.[6L6O






MH4X7%M*.X2(DD)4L\[6%Q'(Q*KP3





8U71I1\H):+K#OE9M95HW%G'_'
MGG&+-\=.TXS)Y]I_%NA3Z2-:!NJW_<K15A!$E/B,D(5*%.84B=-$UH!;5/D


N
M\M``QH#6EY72Z6D)C8Z,:@(P5*#'1'$,U=TY)[`'A@M\9/L(%1Z6D5`MJE
M0(_(P/!0-0W]A^K8&0NPMMNM2/NG!K2I[8(6J#Q'[BT6XP'A&['.!4&VK7(

)];_RTM?7*Z*Q='

D1[U91N/'P9:=A8;JJLT33G@_Q#6WGD+FG


M&1-*U7(R)O315#(FE&PP*FE
:&#L#7L7L@:ES^6\UTNSGN?PHM7&RFNG:]
M5Q

@6@1=]A32&%]IY



M9

]L/*6LG




EX*74'



(@K*!P*;Y
T=6]
!FJJJMLBU/Q4ER)%37LC
%257VG5/`XGT`I454.
MUDJXK43!(TRHC11=#C
1?`F@NHDW


_%/Z)%\*9-4'/A-A_)
M'##7'##_]JO
`?
(.6`R6W(R!\S]'#`%+JPMUQ%1T7U3W*.$O311.2^C$AX
M*7Z6RSBI+?_XK4#%/_L\P*]7U%K_-*OYPRT(5\F
5:?9V`B)*IX*92A.Q!P

S0;




MZ93!



M4NZ+K5?-];V^/

*0.%-`TK\EPIE2J@1N;B
MUW@U!X;K.0O-N\P#;FP

MOXD)JP\U)J=W\%^V8\P6+DY

MPJ8ADK*1'^
53J80J


OI?/617U;3

M#\.-.7ZF#H2G#H`_IDV11#'B'=`+2%]?V*JM95@@$8-`-#ZB#S2`HE(18AW
MFX27S

G9S#/D!3*'^_



MZ?A2+2;
A;5^H:^^K

M;81


H_#E





M'BGAZ/C1424=5:_]5[(143`K*$&UQ;2%5&^'5UQ_22&$
W@OM+P\/TDE$
$N

JD52:M
M





MJ]7(U]?;!W5`R\6-VPMMZ1$040P?A))'#A1H0T@Z09)
T@:09)
XB!&91F
ML/PPB%*-M%?3*



M&&D#2-MF.P]
MTKW1[MHQW1T5+_W3G1%-
LEHEIVB:+F;TP%QH^V.PS=^/:6N`HV8?LUPL\
M#)9D`@A@Q203N'##0)HVTK21IHTT;:1ID[E'JJCNPGTU`]W^R?\+V3G)'KHT





7*2@(B8!4J@`P


)Q
)=V+/JVKUGIL4L

\#^

Z`II
9(H'

MJ2-SF.C$X5K\_:.E(5/N2T1DYKY+1&3FO*-JTI9CCLK%7;]6]_S4CPF8F`

UL0\9%
CP@`:%
MR\AASSX'AOO^B-240BZ)Y)0$]TJD4$UT6J5B++&/[$)Y&EPQF!9O5\40LG#C
M0YI/TGR2YI

M



[3BOQ05J)C]`2W&B*
M4]$[A^H4E+

M+4II$TN;6-K$TB:6-C%#F[BJNO.^L]8


M%F_B\:E7X6:4-`2E(2@-06D(2D.0H2%([_N)D^5.SB[)?^H.&ZNY5_+:8]

_S7ZU^HK=P1NF;@76UXA2R^I:SQI4Q(S$.4
MF!CF*LI#HI]OXP#O3;$))W[:J+2AJ

Z)Y9Q8
N7W#(9-1


)&=2(J@IM)54'%%;[$;8@6&AKWI?=;R3XJBVJVHD?I6G1SNY#
6;



D_+*0'SXDVF!
(6;FE(6TG:2M)6DK:2M)68VDI[P]X9




MD/7X


M


S;MX



\FY7W1Y2PLP\;['@`V?($DHP
M=19HHE`O'Z!H*N3O:
@D




MR/G
C_K.&ED8WJEOX1F?K?_8[A8;7%VN$Z4T7/.?

EO#;O@Z69^%W7.

LH#=

4&!-A2@^.!8IJ<MA<

M;VAI:YC12XP(B-Z#PP)4DTBVQ/:
^JYM5:D



R+83D
M[O&4&ACW229&1P3)!X=(E++H.$F5FS\S3OI(J&'5U-Y
QUT.4F.#3B8Q'@)D
M'AP#0:70V_WOQ=B1Z'-K5Z?=(Q)RT&NFMR
!0LGMRA!V_]L&(@)WTA`




D^.#H@!4%`*08


7XYRLD9R*ATI]7N^1Z]CB



MY!(#`B#WX*`E`0`HQBOY5EI+'W(XCA\K6ZECWGI)+'
L*D'AP

M'T`ADOSM_TKDP1O]5B%`@Q?C81RV



T?5@P`@&*\BO

M`F;=&FY:Y!89H-XZJ6$032XQ&`!R#PX)2$D`
(KQ


M'



M4!4`DF*\DZXU\/VGQ/1I-_K^&MW@(5SL;?*P$1?'$P(H`%*
E_)M/*S:
M_E4\%/9ZZ5W7



7&F^-MIA.Z?-@

MSM1-'TTN

]X

M[

M:/7:S?/;A-Q*WRM`A!*#($3HP2$05@P`@&*\B1WLP\`9HYIDU[=RFN
+F:)3

ZL&A0%
.

;F5/NH802QYY)%&[












MNW?0!Y-
D((I4)$B%@)`!%6D&AV1MM7UI[_'4[W.!3^D+KLEG12X4*&KT2


MJSF9$4R%#2K!$J#KB@Z/IAN_T@D)5ZK&TJX^;P#5TYN:&L4VRHI4)&F%H)

^M


MO_DS9AS&J:'NJQ_:4



M_E=J#^I-SLN.B[U`-HXF](=LQSJ0/)N!+DR^9+E`@`JQC';5#HS;$]LEI.
M1\&'LJ8/_


M


M+A]#AYUS(9X94E3B)4
478$`H



=Q
0UG4V5/.#*PPY9+!B:(Z8&^P&!YR#/76;-1QT3UWWC@-
MV$W[(



9!@]U2
MO#A

D


L
31#@SE$*$2X:BL.(``(GA(3\?-\ITO_4\#UUD%ZBCD\V^QN6
M;,F@$U0:`!PQ/.#$63]9#=`EO8._;[7T?62$
\




3I'4
P.*3KUDD`)4(!*#.\V7C?:5M%UJGN


ZQ`

7?]]@

5B1P;HP8


``
9


X.#A$N&H;#B``)X=T^5MYQ

M





MTB5#$DUY`)NGO#_^AZH.A)IZ=\A-W!5!H;Y_[\U^#G1[4/A\-O]LYS5-=3


-='YZ.2ZC03<O;10\[/YIFC)QUM-S6^H:NH[UU\)B,,--?M
M6[&F5`+(+IN7RGU1:F08NB;=NNB[)M;7



RWV-6\;XRJEGF89(
#G58Z-`1H
ME0$



+C&3(B
M(R
R7

#
B(C(S(/&I$)]MZQML3WWKTWWR0CGK\5*7T



:?]=4*EE7=KO]KA!G!RFW&0;S%+`FFP4W-++EP0U5:?S=3JED;77\
MC)N3:7W5&LR54`9QE2SH(9M3R@H:F
OTLIE:B#L5E=]3K'8VO088$6&KTL
M.+FA5QZ$W*I)4/MENE)

$.A6A[

6]LRP


LK'#4V^W5]MO&S65/WEG@G0T[`.TR80A27Q[[25()3#Z)I`
37YZ8WEFK
ML\%2-.UL6`)HEPE+D/JB#85\YFW#W=0UMCM4XQ][/!OE
%N[RR+_.=I=D0J?
MU\B9F9R9R9F9G)G)F1GEW--`[QUG#&[OS:T]Q7N@T
UIJQT\RXDIS6M'QH2F



&




'#.7.EZ
=0.?[+*B%

/K=ZCR[
^?PQ'LN6'7SK;9\$NH'0Z;O]3







;

_9
M)47VS
%WCQ$S](&

MO4

K0LG
MS
I.
@-:0B1+`Y6PLO*




M)SR4UTCJ8V4\'$1YS-FS8(0R*HM2PHRNS#Q#
.GD1M=F^+T8^IE2\%=B
)(H
M-%D'SAAU\1DRPF`

X@O09H2]
MOY1@HZ@Q.I24]PZ`.F9CX

']/P/YDK
O
A]`8F%+=RC+F
M
MO4T]L@#^Y/4FF?$#T$N-F2]DN`DI*9\MQO$$])TT$SA?4:NZT/SH*PRPP
F
MF1HA%)(E`0E-6?EN+X@G9Y6L:/V\/

\
F-H?4*+K/H22@BJ%*


M`A6ZPO+=QA!/TL%;P['MZ;CV$849989+!
W4:*'1+`E8J.H288O#M2KK*.][


!`ACQDR$.&/&3(0X8\


M8)LJJ4*#_

M_['=+3;$]F



(M6


MZWHM^A$AK2SXXENVQHHJDOW_WW06V5V:S_4X6,9G*F\8.2`#A[@*$BX;

M=%-;;2IO)KS`E0G5[&BZH5HV`-VJ+'K=8M%CVYN_Z6-5VQS(.;2S!L/Q#2;.

N&)YKZ`#`)XB4G%S;H1VW^L3CB





QYP37N\P?PK\WFN`/&





M7\




D`
M


\+Y\V0%S3##)\#G11%`P`5.4JT=U`MCCWTIUT_O/=Y

/\7L*;%+4





M!



MAH9^G=^JOO]^
(*/RN;&B34@*9S*#46::G--*IM1_CVYJ[WC/!&HJ^_@21BY



..
M-10A=N5&)*CD7!/$9E]M-


2;`J

MLC7;&U[`@SFQ!A^%4[D!2%





25#(`

MN

H-2UC-`#B%C++






T-6D'Y)H1528Y['


^CCE//3_`N@FKU


MRD(
2@JQL*CCRO..]R*`W5K&]7??35_VN@90U&/..)FNT;%0/WP(H=H:6HA
MB@QVIA:Z\$B?C%7*677P)F

I







Y/!6*JZO/=
MAL.R.N1=)


M=:HH'1U=GJT.N/2F
\\)T!?SD@.\WTJ%/4GN\6+):568W&4_2S;J-[N#SZ
MZ




@?H2PG3?%#FT-W1GH(VV85]



.





^2!SHAEN6'**CL/'W.#.KQ?MP






QL^05P4?(8_K7D#=/8S'F`]C[S\D
X



(!4QNO[)F-LYB=C\IKQ!$F''GQ


M6QU2&#[JBSM'+LD
M7
L/VB5`Z]1H;R3N
R

[9\-)7

M+F?^E%

=0P8\YHIC!^*AC3
M%_69.=EM=ZAR@P
S5CLB1D^5SU45\=P427SR$^?3H(B)S;I)Y\,BG
W(Z

M@\:/]G+LVL?&DA0S00-13#%#YJ1@8@IN?`JFK5RG6L76G23:;KK'=VU9K53@



^S[P/]SB]



MIFZNXCR






']DASL\&Y[#J\XSB
*_.1*F^'_$L

JU
9NE7R

3WQR\



M6
4WT?69DQ^X(YCG$!RA
'\V4%
;``#T@\3Z#I49^GL^;8ACL9`^^ZX(_
$-

0/$@GL

-/4#X#Y06*0[S^;WT_.LC_






CX20`


=M1$\N4&6QO-)\$I5=Z[;LEG5I.[O]/*\

Y/P]%%/
G@75T
M`P`%CORML5UFN*2;\W!/_`;RI\#F5.?/E9T`#?)T$PJ'8`O&)'W[H]K8;/
M@WU;^;.!Z_8
[NB]QY@;?$'&3X)?6/$`@


M^3Q/T94ELL




#O
M2?`94C


Z1F`)QB1Z+(3?0Y



6.9E7.&PO]K+H37)631JYS!VTD5VZ@



5
MY
AO2W:(XY/`E*)J`*1B1[IJ_AUM[D?LQG/%YI]`((HI-ZA2F3X)6ND*!P`K
M=C1K^*Z/2#G\NZ$W:^

M\L_2#?#CEU0^P.])`!I2


7T2W-(5#@!6[





M:B^7__H`-1$KV(50;U[?]=N;*3I+QC4(O9;!6H3?VT!-/@OP[&)4RTK4L00:
M`3KL]\_?_D2/(::Z]P^

^+ZYM#\'NAT6HH7?0[XJRMIQK:+_-

M5]DKUJA^')PC_=S
.3#$6Y!#:9$64B5#HX8CQJJ6?JKC=4OH&NF8%2]R&3`W

)RA


V


0:70^


'/$:Q88A#*IO2XH^N5B@)QCPKN_+:7B:HMO;
M]T;TJA-NG!C#^)46@2J@5`*%K4HN(??JPHQQ:9(J%+^#\'$-[AQ!$$*?2

#`$&I!#J7%64B5`,A$BTZ\7PN\+6NCZF$U7O+84`$R8;F;
M(LRDM&BC*10`G&B1-PG]UO$=X/M3?33?8L^'ILC+X;P@WF5%H41Z@7`*%IT


,SH`AR`(,2@NQH*!7!*B10_(&V&-IF?BDR97


'$&8T+J5%&U6E`.A$
MBQQ
_*

QN+%
%A'!K;2`C%0QD(E8

*2R*2W^Z$H%@=:9,)9^6?NO:%[;^:K
MG]X65X53-O98_!A

M*WJPLH$@9:E
-/LK+7S&/7KI%M'3R6J41P80@W&I?2(HZJ4@!THD4W?$M5







TQJAD*-I&=8)U\@^V*TE+OQV.#9B
MK!C








NHVJ+

MV:%(4V^TG0@Y4B[7\9^IZAKHRO\/4$L#!!0````(`&*!?D:I+7/)-DD!`!1J
M%P`5`!P`;G5I;BTR
#$T
3(S

B^M!MST/__W77_[]M[_^^U__
YO6C__\H]??MD14)I
E]'@

MY:6??_WMY]]__;?/6?=/@7@IXYG2;:%D4UQ8N%?ZX_=-V5__\GA3;2KC?QZL





H[VWMF__7F'WU*HJ[I9QL69WWN]<</UQ6!UU:_S

+LQ].#&D]?W@U6!0)9@



Y
MMT8EED/OB[9QXITG8HZ[NA.H6QQ

))X^4.PQW7(Y1&KP3*[#EGO`RB
MCP+J


M[.U]L&@/A?FSDWFI'47+P?CEOCU\3ZPWR?+
9O&)U3
H[I_)/!PXV*I



^72WUO;NW4+Q;9TR'%^.24[WW=T'-KZZN38(/4=P[4M)



MZOZ'FW(
H&+U[C6=?M-3CG;X%^U/:7M/VKX29L^(K$N?M2^_WXGGTWE/Z]LX
MVY.?W[^J@_;S8#B8#\*9`(?:^M2?#(65
PF4^1+HOV=];%U/Z\=0O#BKD3BQ



M_L'TC*
V?0T%*9C.M
MNED[)^

.$


M^/'MMICW


]5'
\'0JE:)Y3!K\EG]NHGA=SEN'\M9/I*=



MJOZ77_[MEU]^E6






ML#U[CY9@UQ
NL%F)DBR`LQ`%5&QTEC]6.!NK#ZNNQ4H4G1H=AG8E&I[^/H=Q








BZ(!D\]@VA@\963SY8K!Y/@\2J




\2BYU*I`P/6I1










MPI]W1


GPLQ6VG=)=(4Y\&??:@_4A?*3^*
=3_E,**3R6N2([/6$MBOU-]\&2_
M-?[U;RZU&0$`2N&



ZM-5D




M`&H=C8G,`&(VG[52FJ8`3J.S*/F=/P<LB94^)\T4Q,\=LS;+CQ^#D.V,LZ9S
MY'L;<?HKU^7-@1\\
!G3=7FN


M\3WUB/U)2(]EOT_[^
;'U1^\W'K_+:;Z]+HXX-!\%@+%[2X/AN_S1.[+E%*`


M3H


07WEC57:3


M9G5Y
FH/QC%_-);9#'UHR^`


)30';R$B0*#


]%<`'+W+S9


MMJ=ZP_W)4%@X6PU+`XO6
CT3G\PS/H



VCOS?C_T:&YM(LSN+9QWK%&&_W;WE61[KSO/
*8Z0`)
I@PS1?31S48#
Q3[2SE*D[&(R\+!+L?S
01:]5WSA6W]A_-%+W6

MNV76J7KT

='
M&_






ME

MAB-F+\YEA&5BX^RR#1XL'7CCO-Y[$[D]3M.7RY+'S#YG/``U&GU,5\$TS82
MS*`V2J!$M8WI]+!.L:(8KDW;8'-9+BRB/_90MPL#
!XZI@EYO=:W(Y[H;
MJ*[
;*]@2YH58OE4[&E+&E/X:T)L+0/


MHOT;P


MVN

M.0=`LYWH`$X!^



[T4+X
QHZ/

M_$:[ZVO4G





MKT@U%3-9A(!@LA)A+(L%2&GZ4I!7!IHV'G\)!M_FLYICJ117;8CAV

[FB
M!;[MY.5
2\/B8V]GEB7[%Y_AX?3//MW#U-]^!H/)/P#UN@M]!6I$?G/M^OOO
MSYLOP?\F/P6'WT_P_1XTN566CT*MG)S)`+R506;=5^\WE[*TOGA#J=Z%T$
M_`PS^YDEP3VED2%Z:Q5(5T5D,6:WL%K)5L@H!Z0.8F5&2]FA:5A=M#=LR=


E-QR:'


)





.^'P7/X
AB/92=OTE
7
M5HJQ4PP2O0BKW(/%7T
B*2'R2PCE$D2[YG='6&J-P2;AR'@1SM0X\+B[[2FK


M






ML\YP
GN/8-19E5W7R%P6!6-6YN!`*TU5.J*
$K:;Q$XN&\']2?7'67!S=B+'

MW^GI9]_U@F!52





M7S\%]:H:T14Q7J9!J

M7J8'.]
0TSND*K3

M[T^$)71%AW`6ZFHSC


TU'9)9'-D<UV#RDQ4_@W$XX+/4F(XZ&T';


A%D_@S'[8FX8TXV&ET&*6(UW.


V1Y:U]'R(1289#
0!S/6.M
!


M?)PNNPMRNB


S0*]U$?99^W0
M;_*_W9Q$M'=(_$S;&RT@(7&4NKT$G

91Z8KYHBZ325YQ+%/V7'27831


:

:A7WQL2D^+%=][54E4M8:9WSL.\F&
MW6-8Z34R&8F66

GN/+HF&I03VZ3



M9&S3#J^+!=

MIA.9]_%UO3




G(L0S\U@C3T<`1(0J&@'[.P
6RRZYO)B^_CJVYM1PN[99Z<OCR!OR&YZ99-<KFJ
RQ=
M,\]QKJ*^SGH')9.ZF5+D^J0;
E+MVLCTGA&IISNBL4G;.*RY=*F*E[9X[1
M*/YM#-




M46

M[MGEP=

MCY
J7^(NY+


MF(4B'#ET8588.X(AV98ED&&HU

MT45CN@FGQ#4I'H@I#=2%\
99L]6X+



M


MI=M:2:4:VQ_FO[]LR@N5V\9.

5./1'?7X..J%UY

M:$2F/D

MW8-L`MF?'_1=LT8X%!V=;KT=S?=.\+












U(
M4TO[1&MFOG
$5R

!Z/W44

]
M2312D?]TN;YIL0LACY3D!H)


+1?



XN1*'+^[/-C0
`NIU+VF`]11(`=XX+O;=5
MDCEJ*L/)1V[`6PJ`(9\F@`KTEH:3P3Y=?R[@IXC-`/W22?

[#;!GQ+SBB#+F3!7
M$-)


M);O6U57

MGKX(%L=S`)F+3ZCL*
/^DG($
T_

)E6O%]P
MF6K



WL?3&6=#(:?3J_K\N?LM5I^
M_%C$WC^BQ/4[Q)!8W)D1ZX47EG&,L@O/+HV+KX1]5.@A*D%WUMQ+`8^
+UX
M@O_*G`V$./9ZRU!.Y_::D

EGKJ$0G2!P`^*






M(4&9@W1D$L'AFKA(RQK;,&.QW$5)D_]VZ$$8M`3\T;@I$!]Z/V;S]!;Q'/1
M8ZZEZQ8*MDB^ZR3*EH6)=^KZ\=3=RQ[]8W$(0(XTC+'6[TTEZYKK(^/R`L9
MA!U^M7I

M.\^O

M
R!5'YS_X3


MHT?RS
AQ&+`__+&W[@X?<S]PV?


NKE^K`L/GU3D5-_G73*3(
MRQQV(7DN/3BE3CZ,&P2=BP&-!F=^FVXJ5Y:][(#





MP5ZW[15R8/3H:^O!A0(OF@L[B;G#KSMY)/3J

M]G(G`?RY_JJNW334CY+




8.S7BAPHG7C8)%_1D]
&=PZ$)A&=.CG03EC]9T*G[M




P(


F!])J



[D

M+J]^Y(Z\*?(RQU](GDLG3JF3CU@





M1`]^^-9\4KRQS+\
V`L^U)@G3G2RH-M?&R)%AO#_JR8(T:HPL?S+8VHWOF
M7AZL%0K$8J_;VXKZ
_XR87N'+K94&-&CG03EVK@\NU%7*Y)#U&_];OZCX5+D

MZVS^72AD(SNXDZ@]5W_
WRHORW.9OT(:/BN4@2U58N;(#4MTZ=RI]?(1O4U&

M:NS\^KR^.L%TD3N4IPG
'
E!@2[].ZU6/N*XP2;L
`ZI


A*2XZUW*G;;[EC

%+!F(V5[W]Z$X



M7D?/\K?EO;B_G#9DV
\=1LWB
<-LC*

O%%9*Q
(R5ZW`!9T9?1X;._+



]C;0%?
&W*1`(-QZW=I6Q'?1@ZVE


M^CIXR3:?

MN$ZBZ_3\M=.:/WQ6.J_Y

3W63!?A9#EZHR^+*S7FMM4J$F?^$
MI%2)V?

`&H]!3`4.ZC`Y^
#O8TOTV=S)@6#(0I+WN9D-Q

5'
MS-:;@QVM-5J
SGLP.]Y
GIDW0FME`K'9Z[ZW@JZ


]!0S5QM=2!HT]%(L9XFJ
+GPPV^*
[EED04-2*!O6Z+*^K/)(L:


G.


MY@!M$.G2K=-KYB-8&ZW#MFP,J.;'\P6.@OGS1N^3:*!(.YUQV.MZ.'\LSN




M(C6@$@^F6/(V8;6P/`2WQ:H38JA%






M5'W4IEBEY\ZO20*VK6




1@&
DX:0OU?E]I])']N=XR:P=&!IMN]@
MC^+_-.



MKG0O/Z@MCV;G+1*Q`<E`Z/:^^[&PMY/$\SN7CB8

M([%9PEIW.HH.9NME=C#D99$

MX76#)QX

)]XL)4



M]Z

%Y(9OIY?3^\BJJM1_%'_@0U=F(+
MDTI


0G7FQJSX%$4NRDIA23





CKL?W81EPX#@HLO&XX+
M]KH:$J@E!X;1V$:^5#BF,AT/![.CW=J_T98()Q0`[.%U?SLF(.B7!MLA`G=9
M,8D_'RHR^NZ/6N_]*2)\U_X7V?`(*+?Y;$!7OM3P&UY$`1&MO(OSUB*M/Q
M<+#;UT'_1OO22@`*(+59O4B@*#_KK!#!.[G!8DO%!$;[,XN?YR$]V-6O*;
M.]3PBB]
%GHI?L$B+&^'&@#




M-Y5EH7HD?NN4SIO3YS$:(X&2_-04K)/U(#UY,`Y.N.HF2:A,Q45OQ_LMGG8
MR;%81:-!SR6_L]H@7P@5Y`QBPM4WL#%A9]58(+FKE[NJS-Q;]8_7S;PEH%!


MIA&]XG3



OHFK1%7\,ZP^BR/FI?!53:RTH&1C@;7XSBF1
M6G\.7)-FJ(O
+*#^='0=[&YZ.X!@9F@Q:`




FC'V%




O(M
MC'L*TS%PL/OC`:]&V[P8$P_P`:M=\/EA0+]MT08'N'L6\8#@A0RF'\^RV-.S



MB8)CX@%*8+5_/3\
Z-
V^``-QLP'A\D(':9?\T:HA+W:K\_:VS1*

M3I,_!S9?O79NFJIS2)/*OGP%&\$RB[^







=25


+8&85@E`+:RV\!<%7TR
7N4X*84PX:)%SJYD(5*S^/79W%1_/TY



$K

P/S]5N9??/N8WXB]Q0Z7[1R,`L_C5`(
M]XD+<XTYT`-H(351Z!6G8N;O![NM/L7[L<@#4J.GD;^SVE)?'[DA)()+ZC4


+[40D`S?W]Y%!1OY1ZW?K;UULTQIO/@`07
MSYX2%^PU-0102PXTH+&-/&E*3&4Z'@YV/SOHWVCI4A(*`%I@M7^]#H$Z78

M0Z




M^G7Z



WPDUYW#E1C-I
\1Q:L



T7C'(+LPJ.MD^D6*H*P=&T9M'S2

#M?KU<-ZHRZ\GKP\=#L<KEY4O\
9D.7=;?5V\!=Z$.22!=U^+UFD]C]GC





M`MV/L
J^#,'2@N7ZQ.BG/NSF-O
5IG44D43JA2.O&
MGG
RHCEHH0BM$:N/SP2)%UTZ-$UTMO7HXK&YL$L7B
QG[6@\&+_
ZF&D]J78


0
M0@

M%`')+








@&


M@$$LL8'
'KC@\



3%9P*\%1)`F@\CU0-&X/9

%@*-R#8DQ=(
B+.QC!'Y9:)/9KI'KR?;A^GB._UC#P)_49W![
MS[/@V)Z

J@;^WZ6#$?R_==A_S&8Z\TJE4_/Z\:58Q@KY-7
M)

9





W9+:`R$YV!/M?QD/%0SB'(*NQ^''H^P


M[.JT0X;WM4'XCHY*)OL:'*X0\@(



F$#CSJ0P5&`.IKOS[/P[5W4

;5)GK5XTCLS@.4.N&1PU89ME1`HJV



&N*$/M-8@O$?JU8/]YOJJ'?
Q?SAO-?M7


/%H[Y.N+








8$?YV(S$'!34?B




#








RO'(VK_





?D[Q@Z1CTI9'N&65P?9E0F-9`

K-&&3:=
8(9/J%=BG:R^C+]4)=Z


MAZ-%*[`A0+.M3KC08`(U6GDN7


M(C0SHSJJ)%1CPRC+%GUU!FMGCKCU5/6L#T])&8]94MIRYPR^9KE0YVKLCU
MU

8+/BE(1@N0*5)\'B

\/TBSH=





@N(Q`1=\9I1D&`AJ[*R77YE&[1L)`3?(GX*:N%\


Q0AS3QW365`M5^Z?/G5KYIH7`'9#(`L21$.D'%5#-_%*&QBHZOH@K
M*PP%-MOW$!R\.%

M&AM(C.$6'(XYXVVDV/#B=AS.[E8S-O6JK0=:3*+L`@L&P_:$FMJU\^
9E'
M1RN@UL(`8K

6)T!IICAT:KH^G.*TUB!4)_5D
M\6LV:X^*N6R!@*V3ZF&M$;F+4X1M:Q\O&KG)G-Q9\!Z
P_[KH[HD[M=7:Z0Z
M

*];8
MAM[/*:*XO:


M8R\':^







M.6*^#

A/8*D7C10J%_M-JW






M[S3H]R+Q5?7PHJYWF[V/UJAPW(=%Y@[]&I$^_!^NF4\T%I%Q0%)985@P&;-
M/()S%V4G6@OQPZX``
9'UBC`842W
'!*2N4Y#_][\N/\N_Y:I_UE_R]
$E8



#ZP\'R7XNW%]IY&^U9`+`VK=_MU5O_I6?-P*



ME']=@?Q!KS)!+X0J
;%&WS(4Y$1J=5;NHC
F`XRW1@1K*^1%80?GW2`.4`E1

Z$ZA[&1;X\(Q_YY^N&U
?JJM5JJ3[)[@X:C4]7A\C.LC@VJ

@VC^;(NFG!^


ME#25/FLK+XDS8W$^0\.H
GF$H2+$9)D6#!!HO)11X


DD`QB:S$RY6T.A-

M+V?NNH
0/1O980B7BCR#R`\/=6?BE^^]Y*'%S?3?J^+QTBI*HIS$ZS*\12


E)!-




.9B@
ML@45\LR4?U1YVI`L+TS%'^7^-I75P]/=30F/LE)5(&Q%!E7XW0.95G
6/&:R
MDGX'


Q&^!YFB63%7Z9
M?=TWQW75`.4FXBP9+!QAEDPCW.]P/EQ;%@2GMX]^EBRIE@9;AYM4PX03O&DR




HLOS$^`



8:]^+GO/5Y??&EKIZ.


[^I5KZ/V`3
M!0/H5*%P7!L/3\:,+IX$2[0]83PC]\$T)12)P0@9,%*8&GZ!PQ@_S6O7T
MY;FK\DV/[YY?G$#)P7+R2$N08`5!M??*QAX(+XFI07=YPKCP_'@#=N0@'

M'S:\[`^;'=4Y[GEY'ZJW]1?FC49?J5U7D$(#DXT9I@$5JMF'ASTCX4O$1M




2!@5$PY&*!7S#`4




B^[@V?G@'VH




A2TUF`

MQ[7Q0SO0'GP)/6FP'Q:/V4$


!I(4K`%M?


M=D5
LY`Z(JI-J.
'8ZA%^%*NQF(_M!LWA!C01Y9%#80B+?TFU0(4?`#)TXI@
MUQ

MWJ6F85`A%1
G%3)$-=@JC/E89[
G2DZ80@SN(TL;9@`E


SPC$CDEY$HE4^:^*?Z\K'0YWZG$U('1%!)]3Q`S;4(GS)66.Q
M'VJ.&T(
Z-+@9D9:6DVH!4CZ`M&!%L.N)DBW!ZX0^:7$1V/+V2F\L5

!;@H''S?





_+&`K6ORS8Q;2@KV#EP.1'RU
MN?91J7V*ZR]5^=0%%0NGJ
.F8$@=(RGM`A#\H4M=LR\@&8Z&4S.4F
.R+.

M6L%68
BG.EL=
./%Q&]@$NWAZBQQLR
C1J0R=%

$I*



M^=2ZEL7$G=67=F.QF
NQ;H3=.'S:*@/D:P36L3AGQJ
-DQJ4*6H.[]-IQ4


VTVHT
0(MW`X


[-7LBF16UT8O.H42<C`-NT#4-N
M33';,<N:K$$%][&D.[))!'SFG4#'

4_(R!Q!S8.CKQ\YI









BJ*U*G4
M
^5OG/

M2N%V8$B=6F-=;P9-V(`*T&-);&3`%]6&4(U&@#8Y)S8J!DCGFT)M$4FZ+=0;
M)#EP9NNY^_)1F9U?7$==*K;4Z4`_BG17!R-`ZNK.D!MC9KH^;'1'.RKXCB7Q



MB*1D2W^0Y
2Q(A(]*(&%2O$^!0SFF$BD+3-8MFP8EC_H$)P<F+3\OKNJ-1M2Y

`*GOOX
D,[I^(AN#!?2@C\#&]3`)-0&#/E0

0JJ

0.;!C)WJ4

M$F!-SNEZJ+2-7':PY*2.SWBD@-]+M5=67*U&:957LRC'EEVA1UV#0*J6
$
MVI0684BGL

MN!#6A
V'&DV



&FS;@:1N`$6H`A728M=4R5


2JL%Z!6SOE_
.#JFF
SXI62;'T#E@/K

4(LV`H
F55GJ_NM)?LFH$+S6'($




MSOF!J+2-7':PY*2.SWBD@-]EN7W=+10/UYK;_W6@HH]84WHQX,E-3%*=P.
M#*E3:ZSKH\(2-F`]*_'DBC(@^J(\





MQ2:HJ


.C?7G1(&0H:X(




M*H/O$L%:*Y_MT(2@@LB/0J6'+=)^09B9$)VAT$B-AP-#[^Q8^VJ]737D5H:N


MZI+P-!84`B&;'=I4**(@/:T^#SNV/:+.*?'9PXZ


MI\1F!S$R4G.$

1M=LMRNZD+08K/)&QTB%)RVK\C#UFX?D'+*
M8!:8(B


C!^3GGZ]?=S/UYZ*N?C@B?0L+B
G?9`'?^&#1


M\3%JM8;#IBIS(:Z+2Z8SZUVI)NXV:%7S#1&FEN+?40L]]M#T!F%'PO8+*YV
MB%PW?0*]5Z.W^*$=


M4]QKRIEV]``-N(?S]`9[K?#D#(GSD,SI:S@U4W5^1K^7`^G80-LSR=MB
<A\OU2O



MG]KBWM7V^HAO=3[Z1-Z^2(?;/^E*XSW?/6^;A%!-`_TB1W
%8=[99/Z@=H



MX^




C`!1M0&%#2%;VI6PD*V8`.^C=A`R`V4X#T()F__%C-

M2VA2DZ@O;'(ATFMU_LS=H_RW]2)O?$SFXC]*0DW324&LH$YF
$YK&Z9$:S#;





M&_4R`[E-&S&EZ!33/1UR2)4T/]Q1'1MA5)TC;KUU/W'\RI&PO5/@@\!ZRI

M1\2V6E@1LNN^/B#CQ2_


BCS.:H4PNP
M+O=$4@6AZB6IHS56R?


M&]114+1.'3-

@C)&&M6H!^N6?)*@A5'\1K

MZ]8IV1361L&G&FW
4`NW!U-.U1KL@563=N`B]Y@28!E`1\BL.JT`MW+/?%4

?+NV]/S2]1AG3YM$$?R?IIG3YF#:U5.F



BVDBR3W55P7




MJL)54D8U:B3A5;U&;@@VM@M7CH6
]L&T6EMP$7U


H
W^GMPY2=






LFEP;'

MB()V

M=FUPM!U



M.00=6._I^ODI*JGSW\YG4JS-

K1G9XL76LZ[!6`
MJNF[!4G5K




##
M#A56P/??

!SP[
M$%$]BCKSM_NY7.E9=[AM0JO7P4Z)?;VL(X2^C0ZBHY`PW7L78=\B-]&`S7'B
MKN#K;J-#3+^'([\9P=U_5\`*[XYW
/`/$_ZO__\O%F=7G:NY^7GMUU`#-
M]%V`A&;640%JIX/H!FB,]]X1B-OD)C*P.?39'9==0:2%G@XD)D5\/UWR1
M[[9+P`[Z/#L%
A]JZ2:Z?QV?KN[U']WUPS*Z;L&.N6L@X2AM0ZB@ZWWWL?


8GAV'\73^./[\N&E-2_!(4ZT


MP'7PWD4`3'


LX-EQ^#A]$?]^+:=JUZB7\8E4


FH-G!1LRX9M9Q`VJG@^A6


'&\61T-

M;P'63=];T.AF'2C@MCJ(WH+6?.^]A:15CL+$\:9Y-&#:66]!9P/06SBL?(_%

8XL=
M1
\!JH'WSH/6






MP9P5V8_NF[(A5)G&DURD
1[)[:+D7)^FF(SJ0
@D?


M%W*D(NJ+VY7!(GRD9V\+Y70L;E+.

M[8U&Z%F?-
]<,?-RRR?5'BCEJ=MY7JF=CTF1^OC'JC7TM0.J$;;VA
ME!6[-D^OOVZF??7GK%^[(V=82$9RR84<D0QUJ<V59CLR_&C9NCV<V.?/(

M&1MK5'+$-=PRG!E9:[4O3DX:@X]M-IGH'2FI=UJO7

4C-T0F]0!(6TFQL



R/P3
!VPN

V*






X7K

H\N29@UL



`;H+!Y$







M+8;=L+1?$+
BZ

I)TWV-N2]
E
N
MEQNR)T+.OX`^


MHOC98CK[N)?=G
YYMR2?H-^%!:JDVX.55

'']C^/


MP)FBMU1[/Y8P9@X_M/XZ-H`V(='#L9D(U0-`'D6JL
M&(1]'JMIAV%7QVCZ!#$K@E8W;T;#CP=UY53].V_)!71NQLG-NFF'R@'='(%O

70.

XK)*

MVA=I)XTA`/?1I4
S0)*:KG6J]5S]UX-(@E8
P]Z(VAK$3EC:-XI94?3]Y]7%



M66^V+X;66$



J`51;



5?N&






M#:?KU7($O+F%.!
X:+FW

ML-D/P_G

/%
V1H4C$QD;U8J


M&MN`%U=IKJC2:T%%!DLWJ;DOXY`CHT_,BZ9BQ1^PYI,0LX-B0P_H\TR$
MW9O6HC6\KWPVOHQ+K=$U())?7`
/Z`'UYD5X22/=45U
-P+

*C^K58K54FX$5(!2(A)E3PP!4<UX4J+'2'??%E2.`C<T:60+(
MX+-=4A6PB(8GS16!F$-^L\08$;&Y!9EG1A._7LR64;,L?I?T_2'_H9C!,RM

M#7U`T#


!

MLH/B/\\H,\S$9;5+[,7=1M7&HJ?\YG+:)UF#;J$&G1J(X'0FU:A!=)IECL

U;I`#K/



M6H$&))I.A@$'#IDR&Q`)&)(/TCTS)?ZN[55/VHG]\TKY_'!/1H4H/(C5HU

RS1]3%'@.:3`#\H@XT`/T

``X5'D#[&






M






%].-@;
QWI@E


&H##F*8DR0LHEWL$TA%%M4/`':0\$]5+79921:+&J-+J74\)^
J@
M!9&V=%IX@
U0?UXDIC?4'9=I]&/@[PBRDI@@A


0#C2GMP(L%86
=3L7I

MK:]*/GP]$?C40\B.^KU\,DL0UX

^)P+Z`$9D
MFBZE

)G2



M
*E!Y$^M&A[@-+4`+\8$+'5'E3H#




$GPJ0J@/N8

:FJT

ZE!Y#VM&AX@-+4`+^8#+'5'?3H#
%!X!












S



MB&6]JQ$-;60LJE7*9

MHJO9].D*E9H!5N)9/JK'7.HPDC




N)%KW+@Q/;)JM-9FWAT%G=3%HJR(TK4!1_0SUWJ\P345OY_TP.NET



1U+JDC0(K

MR)HD:UOL-P)AY5M1V)Z]1\NF=
+[]O`]1`XK.OD6427QV+9%UG=6L/DI:
^#

ME(6V3


0=[)8XCR:S63V:]`;(E+XO

IO6^3P')=M$9KW'MDTP/IJ


V@/3X5]PL^1@G11



D45<6;7QC+7P]*-M9!O-O@:*7OI&(CAI-/3=68W_WFQ39C`&`
MSV_'`VYOZHVSB[-:\_+^C`AI9^UH++AE5@\C-?IRVIX-.K@M!:E(;R/MDYO6
M47]0-T=Y,'R?A\A#1K2[$VR?G;3*.L_L9OE(91YY





M'K4H3;T_/Y:AP8/5DW2+9/;

WK-IBV3P9_O;\_?Y)%JN5W\)
M6JE'


HP6R)

NFHYS;?MDLH%


M6X$1DN7=.&


-


1+OQ?SW$




B$/=/U
\'S

MPV?D^?`
6M-;VU;8MAO57:@O6+57*UH5$HXO2@5_MI7ERO
K@[&PU;WGZ_7F

M-5NL

X@








/

@*YR


]FA9)A<M=R2!

HO+37I7@N$O*`I.NKBD]K3&QS?RW_KT\;=



X
9/_Q2V

WH+


,^/
MRO5EYFON+$GOB.K@1#H#8O#KSNYH&ZU&*




M6A62L\KK\1U/K_!QN.S*$+Y0T6#^=*]V]WEYC:`I:*]2KR'_ZY3R%`$N5L%T

=:$]`+CJZW@_'4+0S7)&)2#

^=]?6:G.0G_6-8W5VSJ.3N-1_/8B;MT-WZH7?CHS

MMB\Y?R2MOHB7=B^ZFS(QDMHOWQI[&QT=JC_Z_6'KIEI=+/Q`36
$WDQP3';^



M=G$HATA;




7WD7QN79C;JJ
L*H
MW_I=/TMC8%OP






M$M(+)
!8R9(SBRMI




M=H;
R_LTFH.7-PC44B!W4%RN



J
M[H6X)KE&X$&8PC#F=5;X4FS7+^5VT_N=9-NT?-F__DYO#BC:49CW[:1/X_KT
M`N%T&P.7KQSX*
2;*]\
P7M+7XVCHD'H@YU@9#::PY!ORPY]6O0WN_/\S


#$$7/I7^;
?#^Z5XQ
MS\
YY8;AQON





KI22J
M


V%UZ!7`8U]3:0X

)HUV.*=4FYA*9'YPR
M7'7GSL:O-)'ZP_-H@D7ILR8\K\`



MAEX

MK::W*7/!42T[XUZC]^U;E:/2Q]_T^YS[H'D$=#QWC:2N
M:PNDK8L7G_VZ!W


M$JO[\=

24N;\-CU
$(8QP
M;

2[X@=6


M!J1/STM0BO5@E?I:^+V=ES+GM\!Q*J`27WU9#WC@)?2MKW$=;NIK(@/*M$?1
M@I?'$C_0U67:S=C?3]@ID\1-4-:JH4E'*`

X[@_L$:(XB2EK@ZX
MP.+]ZH.T#L*\7%G*'$WJ[ML.WC+K[B;%/*%@NWI\YV\Q4Z:`5D!.&03O4P[O
=7,Q*7^.KJF(-X,]-3)D8VO`XM1#)M[]``#?%@AHD
MB9J*<4]D+\+WQK1[M@Q%^P)E15P$V9'&Y`<BJBQ@0!%!B$4#QKMPGA'_.
.40@[+NFD2X;D(2`(4(3&;R%M]B(#_$,@R4,#?Q#;03Q%4.E
MP]`W@?F'HB44I?N$61-L8H@)=[;-_@]-%.#
2*A\P!-EE!XV\50CT4N7Q!4



S_'Y$X/7\034T/





M_^4P
JP2T;U'#+@0=%$:%9.:9#(Q



*S--@3[MR
M2BVTT

MW
)DK3&633[$B6A$S*E$YA


)D


M

EQB`CG3#!5


=U_A@C:-


MH'K


`9.WZ
]RK8
FDAB.$C.



JC*
NA<^;9[QP--$+13
MV'9%25):DVG270;[[S)3)H960$XY-)NF;=%^(!`AB0E,DT[SW5\^!%?.M]JT
MPC/9N)&7::&&=E[*M-`QUHQN.?I9KM9X)ILP(W`RS21P2++EX<\J:L2MY1J

MW04SD]]W&(#`:!J*NL1+JPZK8W`4)USB5:9ZM`I;::GK1EZAL78B#X#FZ;0+



M51%



+DZ


\8/0\
M.[$O_






Q4N'C:R`F3Z\3$)9%




1#60)K[V70/GBA!6A9]MA5O/)D[[W:08*\Q


R4NW@%IG?XTHI<Z<V27.VXZWCMV
M:$;CXX%*NOZ.M]!1X.E+%!XOQ]A4LT,P(Q6F_+NO]/3I674M(DZII\TJM2U









M)-X6/+R=]L'?J_N2@SF-,\W

M:R(F'?DJ!=UU]TL#P?.:&W5XO.2-07L$[@^7VD?*3RS@A/(,!`5VV@-5DW%
M2^:$LOQ/ZWAP(NPBV;/Y.&7=J_,4LL^7UP6')^H+IYLCN8C$INW_XY1]4Y"
M!Y8$M,JB'QE&?U!H/DQ\3?;YKO@\$2%63YCNQ'HJ]@B*[#H-!_6/A09[C0
M:H+?#/R,OZ?6YC_05_V^?.E]QFA)^I0T)!KYR:RNJ.+Z6@*UD9IO_5_Y3;X







_
M(1^C2_T8W0@(#

M
$_HAV]*I[/







M9^4+YXFO9P_
4Y/*#CS




M;M+&!PP^+

':X51;:J'S[XI@N5YC\IKB+=*8IM^+948-;;(35D4#J(`R$`48
M1KG





/KCK6/A^&:ET+N.AN]#.OUK?./


O

VZPYROU-`)\

MWB`9[I_;F%]S:;U*+R#:J%



1:-9UG/:%##G3UUW^W+[&QTA
-\GK2K


M:]YU4.\%?C%O/+R_^@\MC0


MD))3

YEP[*W0DM/!%5K+3<,BJH-0
MUI%21G1!A!'2`5\AL=].?+Y'8HP'X;9?R^;V[9
[%0]('8JF;=74U\F:%R;

PD[51/U;[VQQVT!2)%%DR['`R1XF/
MQ3S:ML5

Q+

&UL&!@';$!D$W7BW#H[:J]48$0S9-#
2TP&#7#MRB``
M1
!Y1`=G9I5U'$AC5'=+CI3(K8X[1\+S.C:(&4F`8NL=H5P!2&&^P/$`#G
MDC6$VSBWE\]239IMW@?*[&/_Z6,`5QKU,1TT(S8JAH(`KK%QR&CGZP%+.#

MP4C*U]-7?BGECI:NLM.P4(^KMZPCLQ+P**-6Z_





`^U4_QO4^L
MT2&?#%N[D\2Q\NQY[?(UCU;K\N+UCU;DL#[0MB:#WP1KDU[ZQ%H







P6GI
EIU&



5TH9*@P


QA/C@;+[)JI



M_(*XK0YU14_4%6'52^Z+M


MC.:`D

;`!


MFR![#_




MVJEX]&^
W5YWYB4GC)?[D8PK#1&:VAJB:W3I5NCL/[P#\[).1EPRXC931PO?







X62;5Q^'J]\3$V*@Y$CG$:6ND1S#2XLG0S[*Z@A*20Q




M]32@PLH)*-]QJ2#15##PL+48]E'?DHYU8J&;Y5%%ANY47:;JBXYW6`@+*EC
MG8EQSUMEP-F;I1ADC..%_XX7./EP
B6J8&C+AU=0DL/ARC=@7'
AK
(R@D#
M4YND41&X
=YW)EL505DF(D$2UTN@:7EMHP'[-C3FU`PA;3_#-E-X&/EV




S^X`_

M!R9JIYFF+ODTH`LK*

S4D46M8U;RQWJ\3_S21!DU
MLM1F^W$%+F[_`0JROE@#HH)?FJF@A9]LM^HHPF^V/]0(0E-U-$G7/4YG6FF
MH,'I#`*_'_Y1V._1&\V45M)?)P.^&7CQH#+TH&(C2UURN@87%E(B`B#.F%`

:AB?*Y8JC--NTW8&G+-.BB6'K@LV4:&1DAIIF2
:?O.9%]C,L
M7J-I\H)?G.']EY;;JK?]UL[L@C8BI.
O5&+Y+ZLF[8PF\3RZ]V@7@[T]CL7




=J]I_OJE#5?*L_'X-AJSY#55*:+$:'Y9<&T
MC]XDG3




75S2.8;LE6FU]?[-1

^PF@3]P
I[R,+_:T?
MQ2=Q<#(#(`HB+GC;GFYBQ[21%X-8])^.@_\2BQ&K4;RSUH_O

_]&




`=X!MS4`_0M'&Z//':SKQH`

^9S6=%

S
M@AUC6_ES_0_F\SYN7[;S[+O%



M6)4/003XN%37?MX&RFQ\V@:TIV`PC')?C[M)'922LOK5N$REA39I)0F=IBY@
<L$U5U=Y


DHK[D5$=T?5YKI.PD!$@6-5NRYZ:]K0JZ!XO
N

VXLM8D^Q#R&
P-&W?*2!TK$+_#%W)JM+=V/I
MB?2I@U)20+\:EY&07:B(`PZ@61HQM72%_6R@@*@]:`TY1D?7MRZ)RFRJEA[2

M/8'0A(\R#&@9?')/YY8ZMY$V4%2]

NJ;G?\L@H
ML$?;I_B2^7O
=76=^C6






MZJXXFYX(?L;=XK?%;19YW:/P0?C^$

`0F6/D@1;


;\*=YA$80`I)#
M!Q0[)'/H_I



MCW
NW8LW/73C8#O2_.@(W\I?/!V2A+]Y`-Y1X)V%@X'52GTY@P\F^`3U1U(_



G,G`KE99=<MJW$;7`JO.VQXQO9^;G_E;

5!G3Z^EMGJAW*7R2DG/9-IPC?P
%.(GM\HI<4;^KU









[VNF[@]%7X&:4-^:!\(`#R(ME@QZIH`;[S@$DRCX:]S[
TY(ST\
M*SUNU`7AVU/B`Z96ZL2$S_HXAD_O'EU%2-I
3I
HM=G#JB=CHY:FT9(,SU/%::NA9I+D_'L)P$727Y\D3


MM/'G4ESFP0]-VW\EJ+^M1.TP=3JL?N^G.`R?S%*`AFN&/Q)?I'(=5%(*5PJL



HF&\


M


M]03WTP@KKK);!CF)=:HEP?L]D&WL'/BZ8N8U55AQYB[GD^O&DVBJEM$8K;&'



M.ZL



Q??E[0;+L!5
MD786]GF]F&1'HT5W`RHNM,_VQ<2%1J&S`#(+:-=P+4T&2:\XI'NJ?GU,-WO@
MN8Y6OL-[R'8UX4!)
#6U0O3IPRFCS3SYV6**2ML]0[\CMD[6VMQV]GA]0N%




J*
.CM.[E.5'(769&WVQM9:7'&Q
MW5.(*2U3O5

0LKOZ8D*IA57?F?K'87@



\@X+ZU$$'1=6N08P+*!W
MN#HGV='L*8(8KCY
ZNW'/2(];[J=W&SGY76T\H
CMQ0R*8WMO#F$;BV#R)



N0\ZK[QF=@#M@VVXQAQU)EVJ
MJ9ED&6W



M5S3L7UYSHTVUF



DQ.#Q`%
M9%1G69M\T%@U1)Q.*0(KYV.3QHGF^D2=P_

MKCD#FJ1L.^QE=4V==;!4!)XH.O6YYX!)]+]A$GI

2:.]S&TN

VQ&:-

H]J
0\I2L/F.OW67WYI5@$]GWO@HTGJ
M`@HWT[A-7?CWS^BX*M



M.]-L)B)-RH.IZ7KM

M+'P9#


3L^G5TKQ\13_G[V\I:__9:OA6[H[

M1.[6

40V

PR&1.LPK6NGP

#$T
3(S
M




]V5)ET[:T?_]RUMQ?_O?_^W_^'__ZO[Y__U:W-UO3



.


M^_O+K-^;H
I_-ZZM\_%4B








;

M[]8BB$=HIX=-P/W:36US#W3E^&\!?`
1RMRU3+`




M2M
6W7B%CND.:18*`NZI'B`Y&E





]K\$16_=



5F12
M
D2B#)`HPX/C5HG6/ZBIKH%;:L^7F%@35`W/]F03E:2WP#-ORPUL2TE@19*+
MW;4GIABWMB1.)$;+/_

69YL+0TPLEXKK7D_3HJYAW'\EFVK1\

+DY
\\C'
M$)?@D8(;
@*!=E*A&2TIS3

MS1@M)*MEJGG?H=@W)O;]6+3VR6]#^D-;_F6KV=NE9\@+PS0\0W
!BM`RJ)5M

M+:+-WH[^9.?J3QC*9^A





MIS_7RJ9ZFG

.=
458
\F<.#



B!BU*X


X@FT)&?8`]
VY?7*89M


E^(:

MX-W=X[0-`P)0[YE%^@`39.(9V@YJ`L]SC



S\H
M8L
P]UYHWUU



VX)A'LRVQ41E@SN[L&6+W[)6VKVP;:IX9N'NXU4@6KB=V]&
ME;E-+K!EBF^@R%YB$V4CS?,+G.C?)W/K:W`3145!%L)KMK$?Z;2\9=TDC

;)RM]G]+G$
MO4B
M2N#RY)2FI;!R4=S_3MAH]G&(VABHQ#EH+E;I

M9\*'WO!XX'4ZD1)GEWI8NB.178J*

M/DIPJSF&#=
W.%Y@F56!#4I.I1R1/[D
29
C







I@)3[:JEU
MW8X;?Y(\2QJ+(I_E%0_I%


MBBQ$


M3.U.=LG.]U9X%+N/'$R
V944S^R;@;LT7T`:F9):VC^Y\\O9X3V#'EAF$B



CP^

&6)Z/A:MNRPN).;P1'


M.8V1`'6'Z_@\E








M!]L[856%$2V


M$]D9UW9)9I/X393$GN#.9(P1D$]+L6?+ENO?=F3U(W/59PH]]U
:EA9DMGKP





MN$PD+)\V)3K18V6;H#*N?TX





MV9G&^+@V3RI[Q6^P%+8&=Q9F


MX]8Z*6R5:W
EMC.X





(SLA:





MT





X



-$D]Q4143$3%1%1
1
5$5$Q$.4%[^HEH

R2/+7AP5S)4W]AQ@@S1I@QPHP19HPP8SA!


79GG-C1R8.+
C*'CK:5S[?-QT%W('M[
QU_'DS/=#465JBP


JI#G'%QWU11]M55P0@'#.VB/G

G
3

Y=Y
32)J

?NZ$O.FP=;
WEMA8DI3$QA8@H34YB8PL3D!.VE
M


'HYJ-9
+T%J:W
+V%Z2U


ZU*2?'/MGD(/:?H)%D_+5!:
MD^338_


U

M=*PI-AA]30-I/B%LLI

1$6




M(U9L:K37#4K=]GD`LK22/5!%7Z&)'?+9R(2SXZ4CPST(TJHET/2@G+_6I.?K



M+]G



MADMK/J1L:)YLF-EGM0^NYN
FP`\63
R5Q5Q9S)7%7%G

YXK$\:O
M+R/GFWX;3L$8^G44ALO.I:

7O_/CU!$V-I&;JA
MR);W$)=:.GY%^
;2U5`XN8232SBYA)-+.+F$DXL3M!?CY)KL-QO9.;_IY/%3

KEZR[37\`%+C4

7%/#SVO5@IF1;BT4E1/^+.$/TOXLX0_2_BSA#^+$[07X\\*
MCID#S2

M
;?.4D\QR1:3;#')%I-L






M*)E'!5$:H=#RS]
F'IA]K&P3







IA
M`*%B?.'F902SB/HY270HZ+L'!`W'X&D13`TH(L'2XXJL*@;P*L8AOABNT;7^

MM=2@PE



3]GG=R1J6$4(E1Z(55PP`^Q7C'

8%2
-WQFGE4X4!_0B]:;3]'Y
M2)FA%$TN-9P(Y$H/*9*:&

M3CT
8%2

MNKOIZ-/L[Q\

M3RUITT=[23
CBD@I?7**$*72XPBC'`80*L9[+0WTS\Y1ER2WA8*)F8$40R_]


9&32@TI#*G2@PFG'@8P*L8K?II9Y_-@
MB6[#2TYF%!$II091F%+I
811#@

M/E9'I%AZ:$4HBP'$BO&2+X:U.3S?
B3*^4*D]-BY5PD#N!3C



MN
V^E9)



M*_W60/*7PF1?B1M+
?W*(R+%TJ
J0ED
(%:


X%2
1]N2-ENGZY\B


M&`]WO=4]C=;^CJSS=I0]C0)4&I(A0B5'DAAU3`S\VS_:^7D)I`]=?^/70+


M?^5F_/)%`T'EW%4*/*A9JO:!A1,F.N(VFM@8'N:*]E-PY(MQ9#-#T[KPO7
M@S4)=/?D#UR[=8('
KS5KLI&V-=E=X$ZP-[]OI3E[0L4\T4S/?=V!0G^_;??
MOU]%OU[^ZZ
NDKPPPZ88[N;'R^KN9F$OH!3-88=%KQD;@EI\S:(JRF_+NW#
MBZH9?EN`+\$F`)?^ZFE+V?P!0.^=7T]&\1MPMUK`P3O%C\$W

MXS&+NOVJ-.R-;`2=(;A;5T7?W2I
RR0PV




.UFO=HW)

M
A.^0K`3&2NMC-TQZ/

$AD7
MABC?'39:75K=P5$=SW

0RY2H`+IR;ZJ**Z`S*5




M^J#




M


R3+ER8












CB7!N

8`=']$6


MDJ1&!K#D(V*RNI@PMKD9UY:'';I(\0U)IIW_#8FA73DT8A7(`(I\1$O&EZ6.

M*IL.@K0K!T:L`AE`D8_(BF*AY+WF1^:.;CH*?120\4QR`U*(H/*(9.L2@;P
MY

8Y!
M;E`2&50.F615







M4B-]6/XG'Y&:5GO369E3_=#OT_



H`B']&6[:7V;M7&Y[DR


JA`!E#D(P*#$F)-IN#*QNWU!_YQ
M.=3`&$D]-QSQUL'2((2Z4/R[WQ$7Z;^BJ0)VA:T4:?KV98:(-HYX8CCG;E
MP(A5(`


MKK@=9YNW05Q-^75I'UY4S?#;`GP)-@&X]%=/6\KF#PNH]/QZ
H(IC0AWKPT0




'RO;')


M!%UK!7TX]`AFM*`P!*L!+JRJZ*.+YJ+0E!+.:H
-G'Z8$UA:EW*:Y41RV9`5


M8KR8I+$SB:VUTX^M
S2TZM)AUX1?`BW#AOBU52D3+QX16!N8M@KY]F;FD=89

MLB)/`9=8\A6$)5Z-?'M$\\@[0'?'_:
S&.U=@F<BJV@Z=W7(TA67/
M:!UB/=`FM





PFXV$BZ.N_`HC!LH)A!;SIE
MJGE0AJ%:):SAE
9WFI]


M.2=H+\I!3AP^$]GY\\6TXQ\899RFJXT2S'C)C/Z'*4R;?O'0(!C%U!7)NQ
]



5FA@+9IP#L01%<(=R35\;WI*(NDTE%_G]<D
M:#FL8'E'IX`\





2
2`1`Q(Q(`X07M!
:#L

=;^S^`8_&`PAOHCU`VY[$G^BIH'7;K

#M(8S_
EP

M'GB'5

MQ_JILS]=3=^;/=#GH69D:VDL3






URQA;%#VD[UL-2AV






@;H@Q0IA+:0L
M=C'


K`J8

)GM&I2

M%K37NBZZTT6S`+*CFQ6CD`%-G5'QJ(DQKNFKMBQAOFR2#T909L?2S\M:PQQ1









<4%U^7'::I:KL0X0TJQ5D9%#FG*(D*((*8J0H@@IBIB
MER@O:B0XH_7





RDDOU0!JMU+*LW$XM=FWDN_?0G\:J-CJ?9_20&D4]/T*QU*N'3+P2

M@^K22*$'0P+A_!@


M#X^1Y/



?Q27Y#W

M^


MB^FA@=)ZM7?=[B(7D@BT


O[ZI1FZ
M?6S#&SMR@OZ'<6:$^BC.3X+]2.67)9Y/1Q4+:SMK=NLH&'VX#!FCGL-$=*#

CW6?!.5GQ9CM*@
MHPCXWY^]']``MY7`U^/.8NV6C^7+/EDOD^_`C%E^:X#CJ:0.)?X&M@Y\(7


M'N3V).@.*;DTQXG0D1]&WV;-YN0:B&M.P'6]RQC9T4P9`9S`]$EP3E)Y:8XK
MH:0&







@Y]_5N\8.0
MR#G'4

'%,:[&S8
MAQURFR*QTN

MEAQP&05N'5;]=0\562G=V9PV
DGT:2$S1+^JR`PKLBSYV#(*;-7!'WV+MKC-


ML)9)3#?OL#NKIS[ZV8+7H]91
^05



:.
XS*CJ$


M.U:T`8QC574
8]5;FJ3^.87?P.]U=R8=ZMXE:KLI(SZT`1SB4W7TAA5;FD3^





B?:T

M`&$NHW%P`6E_?-XXHZF)-+!FMC@X@A7U]R^&5=51C%4O`QAS&9&K26UW
'UO

&V%0=NB&U

MF
2OZH@F*YH!M+F
TH%+FT
+)2
$AB15NO1-KW]B
MMG:Q(=ZEHD@GZHC.*Q8!M#E

9T5NUUJL.^M$9Z9TCPU0I
M9$ZTX8SA5'4@XY3+`



EU0_-DP_QL
(0/U]AL/X^3)W55*
5??$GQ\J5M
M@LUV)R%X4+-4[0/(H3Y0KM:C]N8=V)[F2G;3L&1+
63SHVN[KPM01UD)IGE/




M:=@;V;`NL;=NBKZ[E9A6B:!P0[6':_C3,8JY7=,R%@*OF?UE3@7?-9@$.T


D*\L+H-J9+`GEBM43LU=5Z^K
M9Q.%:

01IX;).^*5


7I;^F;HQ$\Z
W@
3PJ

M$L)Q$HL9*`$[07O9(`CJ6R=7:#XVBB_5VPC#E/]4!.O)D.2'[(]BQEG7

H0H0X1ZN`$



M6ZQ9
P9HY_(_LEZ
M`KD9RK



$U%;*:S
M!?C9M
`]6!Y\]*4'H3^2-^



MK#]$-06#:!F;L^WHJD22=LL%U$[T9J-'A4O)G!EW!&7)\
_2&E
X!\&2+$

$/!=P9JU-E\JC7


MJ8-;D^6CW/QXIJPC7/=
GPSP094S@'MQ.Q8;U\H#;;RZKN:YKY;:
^0%4)YG

18U12569;M@YE$AB=8@LNCWJK1_X@*SV=T



EO@&#27TIU#^^5QJ

M!;@@2IU?3N9BUNVRA'$$.Q98QK%[!D!CU5R6U'T4Y-^T=RACPWQW3=CV#OXW
M60([FB
+;!
&<HC:<P,&H-:A=9GYAEE.

M$





$
H
QM5!*Z+)5MIW9`NXK
'BI

ML

0VG==:VN2?9[T&=!Z4X%E5%*5:=[#*7%3&M
M`]+OM=JY+_^W[=3WKF=O-


N!Z<;OET';L[;BS/1!G\P_Y!
M_BC^Q4



H2+8GF^&'$AEW

5
%SO15FFEUL7I#!\BTW=.[LJ[7

^&ZREZ++I&K4LIW

MA


S5N6D^2*U=UHTE*])IR)

=ICR74DK

M&ZREZ+'I&K4LIP(6J[9YUT7W371
VWD77EK/?BZRKZ<)8&9G?Z

MC9548K&;6.PF%KN)Q6YBL9M8[
8)VOE9[)9FJ)6WMOMUN$UB
9[=[J6_.+2F



M^BM@^CS








M]^?K#?A&*$LJ`/J^@Z'C*-YNZD'O`3FKW8/X/L!S=
_W^?`?5'Q9MM135\3T
=Z=JJ^?=6L\=U
M@@CF[/L!COGS=05L$]#O#?\H26\8C8:C)=0)*K9Z[Y*/%W\D\P?T!@SS)^P-

R;?3?`\'Z^CH!K``9=H23AYBTLM.WM+KL&2KG0&3RN*Y!Y

W`


MT-T#^JG`-'L7YZ*/WR)2$#^



V\`\0Q9H9_(N.G@3]9]65)L4)+$R:Z^Z[OU'H#E8?73PIS\
?P


MX735GJTWS-&/8\8
[7?

&\B_I\%W2-&E21]2P/GP0:Y


MQ[!EYX?!LWT:V)/47IJT'[04@6;E:(7$=#P[G




;&.B'Y8?FC?G.

68&?B+CIT$_6?4
X
]W
MQ'?M*

X


M;@8PYSR2*WGHZTKU


MX((?Y#

IN(/R;=YN
\=W#%]V.3L(
M?)\&\43%

MDU7/`/Y\1SW=P]8]3F'?5UIJ'3[!WK5(9

`?0YC[@:I[;WWH;2


M0XIF`&V^(Z


MDMTT+
#1D


I9#G0-%M`8Y5!BG(64RV*+)

0IGD^%`4M0+'WDLEG8G%WP!OKB+M&N-.@.


'Z)RF4`





M
H`L;]&M.AQ(K$;3[)Y[A\:2`5P)'&CNRPUPJ#!

M[[=)@L_*XD%19&6%08I6%U
H`I;Y&NW7Q\:2P.M8T);IH
0(IG0!&B`085
M!FA0E0S@R5ND:CX8K%5=/R.W\G'+8J0GL:`(T1+H
TK$X&



M4H1O#

*PSE.U0S@S5N4:^`NC[WF97-LK\%=!G#&
Z`(WP#L
UJ$H&\.0M
MJC6?=;O'OM.=*




'KQ:F4`6]ZB8

M`Z
3;!+QHPCD:'X51G2












$];@1X
MXSB.-UQW(#`G)2M2^=SRQF[<1$48C%_]EP;:4*PQ^&BO2K`-]Z3KN;'6.
MJY^O1R?OF*(36
%*@A=X
_+J



M#VJ-T36F!J[Q


;^5O-%$
$&V4J4BXO]I$2&P&5


M]WT4
)OS/'3H6K]*CVZ-EZ\ET_'JZJHJ;7I+CG0W3GR@M7`UJ.-@,?0FN,G
MK#HO1)N_(_I(=\?B(KV_1TWZ!)W'H8]#N8


^6YD]C7^7E37#VOU






MMJ&P




M3^6RJ
'P<W)"\D#'TZ?%(1R*S\T!HEKYHH6@`

M1FLUOU7V:`&-%Z-(5WXJ/EB)FD-B;=(*2UD`/)2HT,A%9T\G%Y:Z_]-\TP+
MV879.F(2
4Q7\XYK='Q%LFG12(6N:G1L9*?N9/1*TQ\789J46#P5ITO%Q

@;?9$

9:SZ^7T5A`
MR2_1H&KX8X[LQEK/;YGF6$#SQ:G2L5`@Y;'&Q)OD/A8`0P%R=!3DR(.LM?_&

M^7*=:.@I1H$.@W2X
G^Z5(V#
CC(L5U)`T&!YG0$I&*+6=N=M;K+J+O(IB1-

KO14W._03G.M
M['+*+K(;3%<[R4Z`%)AOQ<VEFLLE+/]+VX%TFU^[N9TK:=B?1E;B;6V2ZWQ



4]+W^OT54&74
?C4.[\,4JW=GDX\%1X7)
MT1&3C@\F$#-4Q?:PRW6ENQ@3NQN)-2Z.AHO][=_2R,A'D(Z-=./@HW4-G.-
MCC+H$)?&%`=R%3PM'$A&8P$(&TTZ1M*9C`F

'&Y@H5
M(?3PS\RSV(Q\-.A:3]\PF=#ZSJTLM;8+;SZB
0+%F(+K![Z@SZU`MZUG9)++

MH'L
#+4R.CHST

MNU'[FT=#@DM373L



MO


4@:




&
R-FN;]#^



H.#4G+;M/AT'

M=^Z




==LO)H[XV2B*('TY


MR]N@
MK

LGD17VZZWRU
+[QHBQTPP7:Q9

+$UL1OE(#@:GUJ8V$]6C&J5\[1UEV
M0'YH_+_8HC(PR
E1IB7








M3%+9)U'=F:E%MCR?FNUI6R;EV'BR1:RR2%77QLS'\(&`O]O6Y#&
A-$MDV@.

M4=0/?V
MRL168$&P'_RX(UDH3(+)(E7E0?2L73]$6L8!E%;;9EMG'R)39;%@ATSM#$S#
M&`=?H0*S5[=+I

+)#H
JB4&^Q9HEI5/!W17YTF*U*
M-K$JBV@T
DB9_!5;3(58S(G!%M/
I%5E`1G*/7R:P*.O]F.WPV9VTT2J+)+N




[
M)(S.0C$L@M-TY5$]#N=W6@X0#/[YJ8=9R*$')78A6NM\ZQY!SDJ';-E))(6)
MYK'KC.,CP'D;RS4;Y[R:QGHRD

Y\

M3






AN;7JV%W/S#W
N4GQ#7]V2:U:1K.L]?.=1Z!S-R9O9%/;
M
#0^=BZK2?D(

M_-R3YR$1HP

UNQ(A\2D^/:,LAU[2T.WS/BN8A9<3(0^#2I/MP7W*D:W44UT=X-!9J!]
M1*6)-
@4-'U/6=C00(EW:Y=









M\P&3E@THQ9Q3
LTOP^TFD%:&S[4$W1Z[VP/4%QJJ(=9#)3NX^`]/1M#0
[

BE
[;\7,C.XCXT]&CSQ0YL&&CE6%8Y
MF8[L$90FRW+%W![*%K49`2:D/IF`$2PN/?T9F@N4D87V+]XW'Z?:P5R7HNL/

%9P4IA^A

HK!_TW\CY%5_&F?$7
&_
RA$R'*-04Q_/\#?B/.AL___SP[]A]H$

M:T-?C($ZUK'.OR]5_II'M?:VLO[4

@\+CAYSV_(.V'01:(UPO*[I
MEUS+I_*[PRWRT


K]FO-;)IU0LM*J
=!L\2F$.S_Y&'CG(@^W=K%(LRV7Y

IP0C93E;Z7#&4K1Q^Q






MM+\\)'#C7((ZFF(C77C(P[G:KM`L;2PSEA*YF_/Y;;6K1[AC[16NT4F]*LP(
M'E0I?
*4?M12Z#GI\OJPJO+6*A+B='[5;B1*AS@T8Z.5O7!J#)U2AC=PUK3
M*@NJMG;MB['(\V/;\&/]/8MY*:AYC6MOX56?$
ZOP:O+]6T9)F6
/^$X6OZ

MM_8E&B_Q:'-@\GKGYELRQ:I-F9+/]F7Y4=J7

OX\_D?@DSYZ;?8Z05#*J$BO$A^OIO2J7?U%'S
MCLMTWN]ZK_5J[TOY4_$?@E##W586%VCV3&VG8HC;5_*%T32;^):&?.6ZGC

M/R9D*)R=Y?CII=KC\


D
MP9I=.+,0?QV%NKD]
0
Z]J)BJ+ZHKL$!!MQ3DZ







G5
MJN_3GS:#EK[DS;3*_+?\\5J@-Y?TE*&D:Y

NS4)2OL-8(+=TGP]H#*%64!2@/VZ]Y

M_UQP7EW]@H]+(`E/%8TY4BRJ1]O
-54P_N\D@&FBCHW0`E((#KYPG!NB4^E
M10+VR+3!R;SV,LQ/





M



M*Q7M;*ES(G:^=*A6\4
7


ZHV;3D$_67VF4;E2PNI

%

M.SDG/MJ+0Y8CEM?*P1^([R2)4BLM0CV$%Z(.?DU%K(/W[=A)$L56V\E3888F



6S%2*+53RPNBCJ\%4:[P)_]$\2FV




MV9Q)!Q_ZNH

M;)VO4X

]URD\?6\6=&^@_']8CRD
6IC%/QN



=(
MW\.].B







)

N81'0SC

M@D[C/\?[I6JI6^
]#-60-


M0Q_J

_VV7^S`B]2WRKXI?BY3M/J_U+

CH&40^CNT2U]4!0']C`ZB59;

B3=28/UJF;[)Z^`P)S









#T]X.1_.


M^;4G].=FNAR;#!PB%EJ/0Z_]FNG/+SZC/U?J8E5*-]2YLW23K%_]6GH\G3_7







M#JI08^0?!S)0P







M'&EH\



B:^+BH`\;V+U*D_%-4H&IIB_%Q(!

MPF4['D@7%`%U6)JU/
:H)UYFZ
M&6$F)@-?7+2^P`QP#5HWOT6QM%]8TA0#N
MF4[7PD:]^8&
7WAL65/D1



$&F5Q;#LOR7!WPXQGY[YJ:X(X)WWGG%BD)N[


(3LQ\A75$4`79F@-*:9-[&?E25+U&:')
MB8`Y&'6MJDCM






X.6;U5RJ=I+(IV*4Q5?_.QRZ;[D
@QV31ER%8;32%B@^.:Z


M5H);/S+71/A$FC6*%P?(JY/




J-#FFW=F/J9$I]P2WW*
MIK1)[XFB;$SS^ZS_'5^;G9I+^_O#\R=MJ

G-Y^C0

X6^[GG#W'EL2R[6`ITW'^=Z-M2MVY./V?,(L8Z\63GW
M4EG@2+J;G^TRYQ%@9-MYDJ83M):'^]9W\F/V/$+4B2<^+4&N?CW7:&.$/V;.
M(TH'D5PGJ'+`:'1V^^VGY'X3(S/-[;=7@=3G<M!RW'LQDA_S)Q/A%%H&(/5




MQW=A!/.3D=(-9;C&:@=Z.(\X8E*6GO@GGA:VU/FE8/_Q/X1KBTM8GO#AOP!0
M2P$'@,4`````!B@7Y&+.)6N.(8`0`-
`T`$0`8```````!````I($`````
M;G5I;BTR
#$T
3(S

M:6XM
C`Q-#$R
S%?9&5F+GAM;%54!0`#UZT9575XP`!!4.```$.0$``%!+

4`````!B@7Y&6E\JM2Q_``]A`H`%0`8```````!````I(%OZP(`
M;G5I;BTR
#$T
3(S


M`&YU:6XM
C`Q-#$R

3!@`````&``8`&@(``+FK`P``````
`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      


 2014





          



        
1
000
000


        
        


        
$ 2
500
000


        
500
000


        
        


        
        


        
1
000
000


        
9
000
000


        
500
000


        
11
000
000


        
500
000


        
250
000


        
        


        
7
140
000


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
123
403


        
        


        
3
524
342


        
74
303


        
        


        
2
121
938


        
1
143
198


        
644
532


        
        


        
        


        
1
143
198


        
644
532


        
1
000
000


        
300
000


        
197
706


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
32
290


        
2
944


        
322
900


        
29
440


        
        


        
        


        
79
480


        
6
840


        
222
486


        
19
138


        
592
327


        
24
681


        
356
634


        
14
859


        
        


        
        


        
500
000


        
        


        
        


        
1
182
860


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        



          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          

            59
078

          
          

            14
300

          
          

            73
378

          


          
          

            59
078

          
          

            -

          
          

            59
078

          


          
          

            59
078

          
          

            -

          
          

            59
078

          


          
          

            59
078

          
          

            -

          
          

            59
078

          


          
          

            59
078

          
          
          
          
          

            59
078

          


          
          

            668
737

          
          

            -

          
          

            668
737

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          

            &#160;

              964
127
            

          

            



              14
300
            

          

            



              978
427
            

          

    




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
$ 25
000


        
25
000


        
25
000


        
25
000


        
20
000


        
25
000


        
25
000


        
37
500


        
$ 37
500




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

          

            73%



          

            0%



          

            1



          

            0.12%


    


        
        

          
          
          
          
          

            

          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          

            

          
          

            

          
          

            

          
          

            

          


          
          

            

          
          

            

          
          

            

          
          

            

          


          
          

            

          
          

            

          
          

            

              
            

          
          

            

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          




          

            150
000

          
          

            3.50

          
          

            -

          
          

            2.25

          


          
          

            75
000

          
          

            0.83

          
          

            96
750

          
          

            3.08

          


          
          

            -

          
          

            -

          
          

            -

          
          

            -

          


          
          

            -

          
          

            -

          
          

            -

          
          

            -

          


          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          

            -

          
          
          
          




          

            225
000

          
          

            2.61

          
          

            96
750

          
          


              1.86
            

          


          
          

            -

          
          

            -

          
          

            -

          
          

            -

          


          
          

            -

          
          

            -

          
          

            -

          
          

            -

          


          
          

            (75
000

          
          

            3.50

          
          

            -

          
          

            -

          


          
          

            -

          
          

            -

          
          

            -

          
          

            -

          




 2014

          


              150
000
            

          

            



              2.17
            

          

            



              57
000
            

          
          


              1.41
            

          




 2014

          


              150
000
            

          

            



              2.17
            

          

            



              57
000
            

          
          


              1.41
            

          

    


        
        



              
            



              
            




            25
000






            25
000






            25
000






            25
000






            20
000






            25
000






            25
000






            37
500






            37
500




    




        
          

        
          
            

 aggregate intrinsic value (except for nonpublic entities)
 and weighted-average remaining contractual term for both restricted stock units outstanding and restricted stock units fully vested and expected to vest at the date of the latest statement of financial position.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
2
500
000


        
470
000


        
150
000


        
75
000


        
        


        
75
000


        
        


        
75
000


        
        


        
75
000


        
37
500


        
        


        
37
500


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
$ 7
371


        
10
179


        
150
000


        
20
000


        
75
000


        
37
500


        
37
500


        
25
896


        
111
771


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
350
000


        
612
500


        
        


        
40
000


        
30
000


        
20
000


        
20
000


        
10
000


        
30
000


        
30
000


        
20
000


        
20
000


        
40
000


        
5
000


        
103
818


        
66
946


        
        


        
        


        
25
000


        
15
000


        
10
000


        
23
746


        
17
804


        
        


        
15
000


        
        


        
10
000


        
        


        
12
500


        
        


        
12
500


        
29
625


        
        


        
        


        
12
500


        
60
000


        
20
000


        
15
000


        
        


        
        


        
25
000


        
        


        
39
000


        
        


        
        


        
20
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






Intangible Assets
 Net Schedule Of Intangible Assets 1
$ 1
623


Intangible Assets
 Net Schedule Of Intangible Assets 2
1
629


Intangible Assets
 Net Schedule Of Intangible Assets 3
4
904
731


Intangible Assets
 Net Schedule Of Intangible Assets 4
4
922
509


Intangible Assets
 Net Schedule Of Intangible Assets 5
(4
293
039)


Intangible Assets
 Net Schedule Of Intangible Assets 6
(3
816
401)


Intangible Assets
 Net Schedule Of Intangible Assets 7
613
315


Intangible Assets
 Net Schedule Of Intangible Assets 8
$ 1
107
737




        
          

        
          
            

 Net Schedule Of Intangible Assets 1
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Net Schedule Of Intangible Assets 4
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Net Schedule Of Intangible Assets 3
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Net Schedule Of Intangible Assets 7
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Net Schedule Of Intangible Assets 5
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Net Schedule Of Intangible Assets 2
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Net Schedule Of Intangible Assets 8
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Net Schedule Of Intangible Assets 6
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET (Narrative) (Details)

        

      


 2014

          



 2014

          



Intangible Assets
 Net 1
        
 30
000
000


Intangible Assets
 Net 2
488
521
        


Intangible Assets
 Net 3
$ 484
640
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Net 3
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Net 1
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Net 2
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
      
    

 &#8220;Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments&#8221;). The estimated fair value amounts have been determined by the Company
 using available market information or other appropriate valuation methodologies. However
 considerable judgment is required in interpreting market data to develop estimates of fair value. Consequently
 the estimates are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that could be realized or would be paid in a current market exchange.

 Fair Value Measurement and Disclosures
 defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. This topic also establishes a fair value hierarchy which requires classification based on observable and unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The fair value hierarchy distinguishes between assumptions based on market data (observable inputs) and an entity&#8217;s own assumptions (unobservable inputs). The hierarchy consists of three levels:


          
          

            



          
          

            



          
          


 which are developed by the reporting entity and reflect those assumptions that a market participant would use.




 trade and other receivables and payables approximate their fair values due to the short maturities of these instruments.

 the Company uses Monte-Carlo simulation methods to value the derivative instruments at inception and on subsequent valuation dates.

 2014 and December 31
 2013.




        
          

        
          
            

 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E
30Y
#)C9%]E-&$W7S0P.3E?.&(R-E]A-6)B
M-&



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E,30Y,#)C9%]E-&$W7S0P.3E?.&(R-E]A
M-6)B-&,P8S`Y.&8-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO93$T
M.3`R8V1?931A-U\T
#DY7SAB
C9?835B8C1C
&





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


241!5$5$
M7T)!3$%.0T5?4TA%1513/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@
M(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T],241!5$5$7T)!3$%.0T5?4TA%15137U!A/]X.DYA

241!5$5$
M7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?24Y#/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4U1!5$5-14Y44U]/1E]35$]#2TA/3$1%4E-?15%5/]X

MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T]
241!
M5$5$7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?0T%3/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H




M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4U5-34%2
M65]/1E]324=.249)0T%.5%]!0T-/54Y4/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R




M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^04-#
M3U5.5%-?4D5#14E604)




O4VAE970Q



O4VAE970Q
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-

04Y47T%.1%]%455)4$U%3E1?3CPO
#I.86UE/D]42$527U!!


O4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E

1$524U]%455)5%D\+W@Z3F%M93X-

M15



&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-
#I.86UE
M/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E='
O
M4VAE970R
#I%

M.DYA;64^0T].0T5.5%)!5$E/3E]225-+/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R





C


M(#QX.DYA;64^4D535%))0U1%1%].151?05-31513/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@



M5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4U54T51545.5%]%5D5.5%
\+W@Z





M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4U5-34%2
M65]/1E]324=.249)0T%.5%]!0T-/54Y4
#I.86UE/D%#0T]53E137U)%0T5)5D%3$5?3D547U1A


&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE
M971S+U-H965T


3PO
#I.86UE/D]42$527U!!



M:&5E='


M965T
S@N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z


M;64^4D5





O4VAE970T

&-E;%=O












M.DYA;64^4%)/4$525%E?4$Q!3E1?04Y$7T5154E0345.5%].











M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K


M968]




M($A2968]
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX
M.DYA;64^4T-(14153$5?3T9?55-%1E5,7TQ)5D537T]&7U1!/]X.DYA;64^

M1E5
7TQ)5D537T]&7TE./]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@
M(#QX.DYA;64^4T-(14153$5?3T9?15A#2$%.1T5?4D%415-?1DE./]X.DYA

M04-#3U5.5%-?4D5#14E604)
/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4T-(14153$5?3T9?24Y614Y43U))15-?1&5T86EL/]X

MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4T-(14153$5?
M3T9?4%)%4$%9345.5%-?04Y$7T]4/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H




M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4T-(1415
M3$5?3T9?15-424U!5$5$7T584$5.4T5?/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R




M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4T-(
M14153$5?3T9?3U1(15)?4$%904)
15-?04Y$/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z





M4T-(14153$5?3T9?04Q
3T-!5$E/3E]/1E]42$5?/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@







&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X




&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX



T0B5V]R:W-H965T


&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4T-(14153$5?3T9?1%5%7U1/7U)%3$%4141?4$%2/]X
M.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U<F-E($A2968]
T0B5V]R:W-H
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-
MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4T-(14153$5?
M3T9?4D5614Y515]65]-04I/4E]#/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H




M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4T-(1415
M3$5?3T9?24Y$259)1%5!3%]355!03$E%/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R




M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4T-(
M14153$5?3T9?4T5'345.5%]215!/4E1)3D=?/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z



&-E;%=O

M4T-(14153$5?3T9?0T].1$5.4T5$7U-4051%345./]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@





O4VAE970X.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E='
^#0H@(#QX.E-T








;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B]E
30Y
#)C9%]E-&$W7S0P.3E?.&(R-E]A-6)B-&
P8S`Y.&8O




]




3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M
S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R

]
T1T:#Y*
M=6XN(#







]


#$T




]
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^16YT:71Y(%)E9VES=')A;G0@3F%M93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

]
T1T97AT


T1T
M;W`^16YT:71Y($-E;G1R86P@26YD97@@2V5Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XP
#`Q


M+3




]
T1R



38L.3DV+#











]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3DL-CDP+#`P


]

]
T1T97AT/C(P






]

M/5].97AT4&%R=%]E
30Y
#)C9%]E-&$W7S0P.3E?.&(R-E]A-6)B-&
P8S`Y




M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q-#QB

#$S





\+W1D/@T*




]




T1T;W`^4')E

@86YD(&]T:&5R(')E8V5I=F%B;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


P

]
T1R;W4^






]

]



T1T;W`^26YT



]
T1N=6UP/C$L


]



]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#0X



]
T1N=6UP/C$T
RPW.3DL

3(Q+#(S-BPY-3
\






]
T1N=6UP/CDY


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L-S0X+#4X





]



]









M5$]#2TA/3$1%4E




2!P87(@
M=F%L=64L(#$L
#`P+#`P


3$P+#`V-B!S:&%R97


M-S
X+#DP
RP@870@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3



2!P87(@=F%L=64L
M(#$Y

L-30Q('-H

M(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#









T1T


S


RPY


#$T
M(&%N9`R,#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W.PW



]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5T86EN960@96%R;FEN9W,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]
T1N=6UP/C$P
BPW.#
L



]

]
T1N=6UP/C@L



]


]


C$L
C
V+#DU
SQS





]

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3
\



]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@



]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#`P+#`P



]

M:&%R97



3`L




M






#










#`L

3DP+#`P


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C$V





M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO93$T.3`R8V1?931A-U\T
#DY7SAB
C9?835B8C1C
M
&


M;G1E;G0]


M;'-P86X]


M

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#
L
S(X





M
S0L
#$R+#8Y


]

]
T1N=6T^*#$L-#8W+#
R






]







M


]


]


M9VX]


]
T1N=6UP/C8T+#8U


]


]










]

S`L-3@Y+#DX.#QS

]


3(L
C(R*3QS


]
T1N=6UP/C(R


BPQ-S`L




]
T1N=6UP/C
L
M

M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D-/35!214A%3E-)5D4@24Y#3TU%/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

Y-2PQ







]



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@






38L.#(W+#`Q
#QS

]

]
T1N


30Y
#)C9%]E-&$W7S0P.3E?.&(R-E]A
M-6)B-&






]
T1T:#Y!9&1I=&EO;F%L(%!A:60M26X@0V%P

]
T1T

]

M86QA;F-E(&%T($1E8RX@
S$L(#(P






]

#$R/'-P86X^




N(#
Q


]


]


]

M86QI9VX]

]






]



]
T1N=6UP/C(Y+#0T


]


]


]


]

]



]

I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$




]


]


]


]

]



C

C


]



]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1T



]


]


]



34L



]


]


]

]
M

M:R!T;R!E;7!L;WEE97


]
T1N=6UP/C0V
BPU








]
T1N=6UP/C(L-3$P+#$X
M

]
M


]
T1N=6UP/C@L



N(#

]


]


]


T1T;W`^3F5T(&EN8V]M93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@






]


]
T1R








S(T+#8V



]



M:&%R97
I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S
BPR.3`I

M
S(R+#DP

]
M

]
M

]
M

]

]
T1T97AT


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(R












]


M86QI9VX]

M97

]


]















]


]


]





]

I/'-P86X^






M86YC92!O9B!U;G)E9VES=&5R960@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K('1O(&YO;BUE;7!L


]

]
T1N=6T^*#@W

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T

]


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T
M;W`^16YD:6YG($)A;&%N8V4@870@1&5C+B`S
2P@




]
M


]


#(L-S@S+#


M-3$L.#



M870@1&5C+B`S
2P@

]


]


]



#DY7SAB
C9?835B8C1C
M
&
P.3AF#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4Q-#DP
F-D
M7V4T83=?-#`Y.5\X8C(V7V$U8F(T8S!C

M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\




M/D-/3E-/3$E$051%1!35$%414U%3E13($]&($-!4T@@1DQ/5U,@*%531`D


CXQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
M

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S

]



T1T;W`^3F5T

BPW
M









]

]


]

]
T1N


#$L




]

]
M

]
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='



]


]

]







2PV





]


]

]
M





S4Q+#4Y




]

C0L
M


]








T1T;W`^

\+W1D

]
T1N=6UP/C0V+#$W


]

]
T1N=6UP/C(L-S$Y+#0Y


M0U)%05-%($E.($-!4T@@04Y$($-!4T@@15%5259!3$5.5%



T1T;W`^0T%32!!3D0@0T%32!%455)5D%
14Y4

]
T1N=6UP/C$P
BPU.3DL






]



]

]
M



M9VX]




]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-RPV
M.#


M=%]E
30Y
#)C9%]E-&$W7S0P.3E?.&(R-E]A-6)B-&









3(@36]N=&AS

S$L(#(P



T0G


M(S$V

Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[($1%








M97





@=&AE(8C.#(R,#M#;VUP
M86YY)B,X,C(Q.RX\+W`^#0H@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]




3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@3VX@36%Y(#$Y+`R,#`Y+!T









RD@969F


M;&ET(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W


M;&4]


2P@
C`Q


@;F5W(')O;6%N


X

F(S@R


#M(96EL








M(S@R

M86EX:6X@0FEO=&5C:!$979E;&]P;65N=!#;RXL($QT9X@*8C.#(R
#M(

X
C(Q.RD@86YD($AE:6QO;F=J:6%N9R!3:'5A:7EI




#M(87)B:6X@4VAU86EY:28C
M.#(R





M







&EN
M(AT:&4@)B
X

X







M)B
X

F(S@R
C$[*2P@870@=&AE(&5X97)C









M:71S('9O=&EN9R!R:6=H='







X
C(P.U!L961G92!!9W)E96UE;G0F(S@R
C$[






3!P
M=#LG/@T*(`@(`@07





M(&5X96-U=&EV97


M=&AE(%9)17
L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&ES(&5N=&ET;&5D('1O(&-O;G-O;&ED

@


M(8C.#(R,#M!4T,@5&]P:6,@.#$P)B,X,C(Q.RDN#0H@(`@/]P/@T*(`@


M(#QT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M.B`Q



T0Q
#`E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
M,3@E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$X)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED
M=&@],T0Q.4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CY097)C96YT86=E/]B
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$X)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
3@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/&(^1&]M:6-I;&4@86YD(&1A=&4\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,3@E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$X)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/F]F(&5F9F5C=&EV93PO8CX-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q.4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@



M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/DYA;65S/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M3TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$X)3X-B`@(`@(`@

M:60G('=I9'1H/3-$
3@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^4')I;F-I


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$,3@E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@],T0Q.4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#$X)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3@E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CX-B`@(`@

M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@


M9F8@=VED=&@]
T0Q.4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,3@E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#$X)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3@E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q.4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#$X)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@


M97-O=7)C97


M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

L#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8G(O/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@36%R8V@@
M
3
L(#(P
#@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0Q.4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`D-3`L,#`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3@E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
3`P)0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q.4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$X)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3@E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q.4^)B,Q-C`[/]T

3LI#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,3@E/@T*(`@

C`Q
`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(0Q#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,3@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M,3`P)0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$X)3Y(;VQD:6YG(&-O;7!A
M;GD@;V8@2&%R8FEN($)A:7AI;CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^

M9VX]
T1L969T/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q.4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#$X)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$,3@E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q.4^)B

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

X

M;B!86EX:6XF(S@R,C$[*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

C`[4%)#
M)B
X

RP@
C`Q
`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#$X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(0S+#`P
PP,#`-B`@(`@(`@

T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

#`E#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[

M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q.4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$X)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3@E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]

T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M1-E-F5F9F8@=VED=&@],T0Q.4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H
M/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3@E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T
M:#TS1#$X)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG


M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$X)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,3@E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q.4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$X)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\


X
C(P.TAE:6QO;F=J:6%N9R!3:'5A:7EI)B
X
C(Q.RD\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO


M=&@]
T0Q.4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(!04D,L#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(%)-0C8P+#`P
PP,#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

M9F8@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q
#`E#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H
M/3-$,3@E/E!R:6YC:7!A;&QY(&5N9V%G960@:6X@:6YV97-T;65N=!A;F0@


M
T1L969T/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q.4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#$X)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M,3@E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q
M.4^)B


M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

C`[

C$[*0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#$X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(%!20RP-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

C`P-0T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(%)-0C4P+#`P,PP
#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

T0Q.4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q,#`E#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
M

L


M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$X)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3@E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q.4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$X)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@

M(`\8G(O/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@*8C.#(R
#M(87)B:6X@4VAU
M86EY:28C.#(R
3LI#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,3@E/@T*(`@

C`P
0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!W:61T:#TS1#$X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(%)-0C$L-3`P+#`P
M,`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#$P

M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

@;V8@

\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@(`@/]D


M
30Y
#)C9%]E-&$W7S0P.3E?.&(R-E]A-6)B-&






M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]



#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\


]

@;F5W


M/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\8G(O/@T*(`@(`@










T1J=7-T

M97








M;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
M
C$W.W










M=&EN9R!T:&4@;F5T(&EN8V]M92!A='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@=&\@=&AE($-O;7!A



M)B
X
C$W.W
@86YD('1H92!6245S)B
X



M;B!C;VYF;W)M:71Y('=I=&@@9V5N97)A;&QY(&%C8V5P=&5D(&%C8V]U;G1I




M;&EA8FEL:71I97





@97-T:6UA=&5S(&]N


M
2P@

L





@8V]N




@86QL;W=A;F-E




X
C$W.W

@




M;W)I97
@87)E('-T871E9!A=!T:&4@;&]W97(@;V8@8V]S=P@9&5T97)M
M:6YE9!O;B!A('=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@8F%S:7

M970@=F%L=64@:7


@

M97


@=&\@





M86P@:6YS=')U;65N='
@=&\@9&5T97)M:6YE(&EF('-U8V@@:6YS=')U;65N
M='




@=&AE;B!R979A















M



@87


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

#`P
#`P(#%P

T0R

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`T


M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=VED=&@],T0R,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`U#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`Q

M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9CY/9F9I8V4@97%U:7!M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`U#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-




T1T

M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V

M5$]-.B`C
#`P

T0R



T1L969T/D-O;7!U=&5R('-O9G1W87)E/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=VED=&@],T0R,4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`T#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-


P@
M)B,X,C(P.T=E;F5R86P@26YT86YG:6)L97,@3W1H97(@5&AA;B!';V]D=VEL
M;8C.#(R
3LN(%5N9&5R($%30R`S-3`M
S`M
S4L(&EN=&%N9VEB;&5S('=I
M=&@@9&5F:6YI=&4@;&EV97




C`Q
BTP
B!);G1A;F=I8FQE+4=O;V1W




M9VX]



3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QB/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^26UP86ER;65N=!O9B!L;VYG+6QI

M97

M979E;G1S(&]R(&-H86YG97







M('=H:6-H('1H97)E(&ES(&ED96YT:69I86)L92!C87-H(&9L;W=S('1H870@

@




M
3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QB/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^4F5V96YU
M92!R96-O9VYI=&EO;CPO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/&)R+SX-B`@(`@(`@(!2979E;G5E(&ES(')E8V]G;FEZ960@=VAE;B!T



M86QI9VX]



3!P=#LG/E-A;&5S
M(')E=F5N=64@:7






\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]B/@T*(`@(`@

@9F]R

@=&\@96UP;&]Y965S
M(&EN(&%C8V]R9&%N8V4@=VET:!&05-($%30R!4;W!I8R`W




M;WEE97

C`[17%U:71Y+4)A

F(S@R






F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX-B`@(`@(`@(`\8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI
M/DEN8V]M92!T87AE<SPO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:7




X
C(Q.RX@1D%30B!!4T
@
M5&]P:6





M('9A;'5A=&EO;B!A;&QO=V%N8V4@:7



L(&]R('1H870@
M9G5T=7)E(&1E9'5C=&EB:6QI='D@:7





C`[25)3)B
X
C(Q.RD@86YD(&]T

@-S0P+3$P+3(U+34@=&AR


X
C(P.T9)3B`T.8C.#(R
M,3LI(8C.#(R

M;64@5&%X97
F(S@R

M97




@9W5I9&%N8V4@;VX@9&5R96-O9VYI=&EO;B!O9B!I;F-O;64@

L(&-L87-S:69I8V%T:6]N(&]F





@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
M
30@86YD(#(P
3


M.B`Q

M5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@97AP96YS97



@=V5R90T*(`@(`@(`@(&YI;`T*(`@(`@(`@(&%N

C`Q




@




C`Q



X
C(P
M.T-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@26YC;VUE)B
X
C(Q.RP@97-T86)L:7-H97



M9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
N($%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&]T:&5R

M8WD@=')A;G-L871I;VX@861J=7-T;65N='


M.#(R
#M54R!$;VQL87(F(S@R
C$[(&]R(8C.#(R,#M54R0F(S@R,C$[(&]R
M(8C.#(R
#LD)B
X





T1J=7-T:69Y

L






M



M9VX]

M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!N;W=R87`]

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M86QI9VX]

34E/D1E8V5M
M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F

L(&5X8V5P=!F;W(@97%U:71Y(&%C8V]U
M;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(%53)#$-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#U234(V+C$Q.3`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D


M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@55
D
0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/5)-0C8N
#DV
M.0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D



\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@55
D
0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/5)-0C8N
30R.`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

T0Q-24^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(!54R0Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`]
M4DU-BXQ.3,R#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-


@870@=&AE(&%B;W9E(')A=&5S+B!4:&4@=F%L

X
C$W.W


@
M;V8@55



X
C(P.U-E9VUE;G0@4F5P
M;W)T:6YG)B
X




Q+`R,#$T(&%N
M9`R


M:7
@87

N(%1H92!M86YU9F%C='5R:6YG(&%N



2P@


M9W



@;V8@1D%30B!!4T
@5&]P:6
@
M







M=6QD(&]C8W5R(&EF('-E8W5R:71I97
@;W(@;W1H97(@8V]N=')A8W1S('1O

2!F;VQL;W=S($9!4T(@05-#(%-U8G1O<&EC
M(#0U
TR,P@)B
X


3L@:6X@





@8V]U


\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]B/@T*(`@(`@



M=&EO;G


3LL('=H:6-H(&-H86YG97
@=&AE('1H



M:71Y)B
X
C$W.W

N
M)B
X








@9V5N97)A;&QY(&%C8V5P=&5D(&%C




@86YD('!R;W9I9&5S



34L(#(P



@

M9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='


F4Z(#$P<'0[)SY);B!*=6YE(#(P,30L('1H92!&05-(&ES

BP@(D-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;B`M(%-T;V-K($-O;7!E
M;G-A=&EO;B`H5&]P:6

@97AP;&EC:70@
M9W5I9&%N8V4@;VX@=&AE('1R96%T;65N=!O9B!A=V%R9',@=VET:!P97)F
M;W)M86YC92!T87)G971S('1H870@8V]U;&0@8F4@86-H:65V960@869T97(@

#$U+B!4:&4@
'!E8W0@=&AA=!T:&4@861O<'1I;VX@=VEL




M




@87)E(&ES






34L(#(P
38@

@8F5G







;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E
30Y
#)C9%]E-&$W7S0P
M.3E?.&(R-E]A-6)B-&



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W

M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M12!-14%355)%345.5%

]



T1T;W`^1D%)4B!604Q5
M12!-14%355)%345.5%

]
T1T97AT/CQP(&%L


T0G


M86P@:6YS=')U;65N='
@87

@
S(P+3$R

#M$:7-C;&]S=7)E

M.#(R











M92!I;G!U='



!S='EL93TS1=B


M86XL=&EM97


Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T/DQE=F5L(&]N92`F
M(S@R,3([/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H
M/3-$.#`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]





M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#Y

M97

M9VEN.FEN:&5R:70[)SY);G!U='

M+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=#Y
979E;!T:')E92`F(S@R,3([/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$.#`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'`@
M86QI9VX]



3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ
M:6YH97)I=#LG/E5N;V)S97)V86)L92!I;G!U='


L('=H:6-H(&%R92!D979E;&]P

M87-S=6UP=&EO;G



M;W)T(&UA='5R:71I97

N/]P/@T*(`@

N


M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO93$T.3`R8V1?931A-U\T
#DY7SAB
C9?
M835B8C1C
&

O4VAE970Q

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4







]
M


T1T
M;W`^04-#3U5.5%
@4D5#14E604)
12P@3D54(%M497AT($)L;V-K73PO=&0^


M

M

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@


M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T0Q)3XF(S$V

34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QB/C(P,30\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

38P.SPO=&0^

T1C96YT97(@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

3


38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F/D%C
M8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#DS+#`V-@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`U-BPY
C(-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#Y,97-S.B!!;&QO=V%N8V4@9F]R(&1O=6)T
M9G5L(&1E8G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P

T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


M:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B0\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('-T

P
#`P
#`@

M=&@]
T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@.3
L
#8V#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

T0Q)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXD/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M
@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1J=7-T

M97

3!P=#LG/DYO(&%L;&]W86YC92!W87
@

2P@

M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO93$T.3`R8V1?931A-U\T
#DY
M7SAB
C9?835B8C1C
&

O4VAE970Q
2YH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





]
T1T

M;'-P86X]


M
#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$

]
M

M

M86XL=&EM97

3!P=#LG/DEN=F5N=&]R:65S
M(&)Y(&UA:F]R(&-A=&5G;W)I97

@9F]L;&]W

T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG


M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C

#`P
M

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

#L\+W1D/@T*

M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M
T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^,C`Q-#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M(`@(`@/&(^
C`Q
SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$,34E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$U
M)3XF(S$V



M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

38Y+#`R-0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`R-#`L-#DX#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

M

M9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`T
M
S(L
S(R#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

T0Q
M-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-#`T+#$Y,`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
M,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F/D9I;FES:&5D(&=O;V1S/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T0Q-24^#0H@

M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P

M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#$U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V


M5&]T86P\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`V
S4L-#`Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]B
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[

24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)#PO
M8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L


MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

M9F8@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E
30Y
#)C9%]E
M-&$W7S0P.3E?.&(R-E]A-6)B-&




M:78]

]
M


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M4$%9345.5%

T0Q/C$R($UO

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@


T0G9F]N

M:7IE.B`Q

#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L@4%)%4$%9345.5%

M


@86YD(&]T:&5R(')E8V5I

T0P(&-E

!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F



M:#TS1#$P
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B8C

24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&-O;'-P86X]
M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED

2P\+V(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P


M3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXR,#$T/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V

M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXR
#$S
M/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q-24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`Q+#(W,2PV-S(-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$


M86QI9VX]

3DL
M
S8V#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`R.PS-#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*

Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#$L-#@Y+#@P
`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+#
P
PP,3(-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E
M
30Y
#)C9%]E-&$W7S0P.3E?.&(R-E]A-6)B-&
P8S`Y.&8O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS

12!!4U-%5%


3XQ
B!-;VYT
M:'

2P@


]

M97

MB`@(`@(#QB/DY/5$4@-R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P
M.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R!)


M+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S+'-E

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS


M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C

#`P
#`P

M86QI9VX]

M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V


M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T0Q
M-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^,C`Q-#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

C`Q
SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$,34E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3XF
M(S$V

M86QI9VX]

M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*

M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L-C(Y

T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\


M1#$E/B8C

0T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#0L.3(R+#4P.0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@


24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(@T+#(Y
RPP
SD-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B

M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`H
RPX
38L-#`Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M=&@]
T0R)3XI/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$,34E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

#L\+W1D/@T*

T1R

34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QB/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-C$S+#,Q-0T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`@(`@(#QB/B0\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M(`@(`Q+#$P-RPW


T0R)3XF(S$V








M+!F;W(@82!C87-H(&-O;G-I9&5R871I;VX@;V8@4DU
S`L
#`P+#`P

M86QI9VX]




@96YD960@1&5C96UB
M97(@
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3

'0@='=O('EE87)S('=I;&P@8F4Z#0H@(`@/]P/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1T;W`^

M-F5F9F8^1FES8V%L(#(P
34\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#0Y,PT
C$-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$R,BPX.30-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N



M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M


RPS
34-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@


#DY
M7SAB
C9?835B8C1C
&
P.3AF#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+V4Q-#DP
F-D7V4T83=?-#`Y.5\X8C(V7V$U8F(T8S!C
#DX9B]7;W)K


M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


T1J=7-T

M97

3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@/&(^3D]412`X
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[(%!23U!%4E19+!03$%.5!!
M3D0@15%525!-14Y4+!.150\+V(^#0H@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(#QP(&%L:6=N



!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D


M=&EM97

4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M/B8C

M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$8V5N=&5R(&-O;'-P86X]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CY$96-E

2P\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T1C
M96YT97(@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

24^)B

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXR
#$S/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@

M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H
M/3-$
34E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T


Q-C`[
M0G5I;&1I;F=S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W
M:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q.2PW,3(L,38V#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,34E/@T*(`@

RPV
3@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V,#M/9F9I8V4@97%U:7!M96YT/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('=I9'1H/3-$,34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(Y+#$P.`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#(Y+#(Q,PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T1R:6=H


T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

3
W+#@Q-0T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B8C
38P
M.TUO=&]R('9E:&EC;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N


M=&0@86QI9VX]

M
3$X+#@Q-0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


3$Y+#(T-@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]


T0Q-24^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@,3DL.3DW+#0P-@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#(P+#`V.2PX.3(-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C


M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H-2PU-S(L-#8T#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XI/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P


M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CX-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CY.970@8F]O:R!V86QU93PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@

24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/&(^)#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$T
M+#0R-PY-#(-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M
T0Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXD/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
34L-#@Q+#(T.0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1A




M+#4Q.`T*(`@(`@86YD(0Y.#@L.#4V#0H@(`@(!F;W(@=&AE('EE87)S
M(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R


M
#DY7SAB
C9?835B8C1C
&

O4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$





]
M

]



T1T;W`^3U1(15(@4$%904)
15
L

T1J=7-T:69Y

L

3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@/&(^3D]412`Y)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[($]42$52(%!!64%3$53+!!0T-2
M54%
4R!!3D0@5$%815
@4$%904)

M=VEN9SH\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D97(M8V]L;&%P

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A

T1L969T('-T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C

M
#`P


#L\+W1D

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=&@]
T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^,C`Q-#PO8CX-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N
M=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

C`Q
SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$,34E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#$U)3XF(S$V




T0Q-24^

M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q
M+#`X-BPV-#0-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#0V+#4Y,`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T0Q
M-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@.#$L,S$S#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V


M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M


T0R)3XF
M(S$V

M=&0@86QI9VX]

34E

M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

L(&9R:6YG92!A

N($%C8V]R9&EN9R!T;R!T:&4@

M;&P@96QI9VEB;&4@96UP;&]Y965S(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W
@






X
M

@=&\@



@
M86YD(%9)17

@;F]T(&5S=&%B;&ES
M:&5D('1O(')E8V5I=F4@=&AE(&-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;BX@5&AE(')E8V]R9&5D


M9!B87-E9!O;B!T:&4@:6YF;W)M871I;VX@879A:6QA8FQE(&%T('1H92!D
M871E(&]F(&5A8V@@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N=X\+W`^#0H@(`@/'`@
M86QI9VX]






X
C$W.W













Q-C`[

T1C96YT

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

Q

T1T;W`^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\

M
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/C(P,30\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

3
\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#$U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q-24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`T-3$L,S0P#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

M

M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`R+#(P-RPR
M-S0-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C



T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

T1T
M;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(L
M-S0X+#4X
PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`@(`@(`@(`R+#@W.2PQ-S(-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T


F-D7V4T83=?-#`Y.5\X8C(V7V$U8F(T
M8S!C


]
M

T1)1#!%-D
^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

]


T1T;W`^4U1/0TM(3TQ$15)3($5154E462!;5&5X=!;&]C

@;F5W(')O;6%N

M5$4@
3`@4U1/0TM(3TQ$15)3)B
X
C$W.R!%455)5%D\+V(^#0H@(`@/]P




3`\+V(^












#`-B`@(`@







M+#`P


M97


@=&AA;B`D.2PP
#`L


S$L(#(P
M

L(&]N(&$@


M;VXL#0H@(`@(`U
#`L
#`P#0H@(`@(!S:&%R97
@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T


@=&AA;B`D
3$L
#`P+#`P
`T*(`@(`@


C`Q
2!A;F0@
C`Q

M9VX]



3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@




M



RXT


@;V8@


@=')A;G-A

@82!F964@



@;V8@0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K



M;VQD97)S(&]F(')E9VES=')A8FQE('-E8W5R:71I97
L('=H:6-H(&EN8VQU



M=')A8FQE(%-E8W5R:71I97

M='D@;V8@=&AE(%-E8W5R:71I97




@
M=6YA8FQE('1O(&9I;&4@=&AE(%)E9VES=')A=&EO;B!3=&%T96UE;G0@=&EM





3!P=#LG


3(S
M+#0P
PT*(`@(`@=6YI='

C@N

RPU
M
C0L

M;&4]



P
PT*(`@(`@=6YI='
@870@82!P



BPQ
C$L.3




3!P=#LG


@;F5W(')O;6%N




@02!0


M('!R;W9I9&5D(&EN($%30R!4;W!I8R`T-S`M
C`M
S`M-B`H9F]R;65R;'D@
M14E41B`P

F(S@R
C$[

#$P(&%N9!*=6YE(#(X+`R


RXQ-@T*(`@(`@;VX@2G5N92`W+`R,#$P(&%N9!*=6YE(#(X+`R
M,#$P+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN(%1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F(0Q+#$T,RPQ
M.3@-B`@(`@(&%N9`D-C0T+#4S
@T*(`@(`@;V8@=&AE(&)E;F5F:6-I

@






T0G8F]R9&5R

#$P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`S+#4R
M-PS-#(-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B

M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

T0R)3XF(S$V


T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B


M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

M
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@*#$L,30S+#$Y.`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B8C








M
2PQ-#
L
3DX#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B,Q-C`[/]T

T1R:6=H
M=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]



T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

BPX
#4L-C0T#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0R)3XF(S$V

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
M

M9VX]


24^)B

M:60G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(@X-2PU-#8-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P

T0R)3XI/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@

M97

S$L(#(P
3$\+W1D

T0Q
M
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,BPW,C`L,#DX#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO


M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO


M8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H
M-C@Y+#
Y
@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#(E/BD\

M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V




Q+`R,#$R(&%N
M9`R
#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`R+#`S,PW
#8-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

T0Q
B4^)B
Q

M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P


M
B4^*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B

M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

T0R)3XF(S$V


#$T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/&(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+#4R,2PQ-S$-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,34E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(L
3(Q+#DS.`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS
M1#$U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CY!;&QO8V%T


T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W
M:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H-#$X+#8V.`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

T0Q-24^)B
Q-C`[

M
T0R)3XF(S$V



M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H-C0T+#4S,@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T/B8C


M9VX]






@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

T0Q
M-24^)B

M:'0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M97AP96YS97
I(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,34E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#$L-S`S+#(W
`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0^)B

M:'0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG


M8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$



#4R+#$V
@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,34E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]


2P@
C`Q
3PO

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`V-3$L
3`X#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0R)3XF(S$V

M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,34E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
6QE/3-$)T)/
M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#(E/BD\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T<CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT<CX-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H
M/3-$
34E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO


M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`U-#8L-C$X#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
34E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@



M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@

30Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T1L969T/B8C
38P.SPO

T1T;W`^#0H@


M8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V


T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
M,34E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]


M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C


T1R:6=H=!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P



M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

C4R+#8P
M

M;&4G('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S


TR,TS
TV+!T:&4@9&ES8V]U;G0@;VX@=&AE(%-E




M;F%L;V=O=7



@9F]R('1H92!P=7)P;W-E(&]F(&-A;&-U;&%T:6]N





@875T:&]R:7IE9P@=VET:&]U=!F=7)T

#`-B`@(`@




L('!O=V5R




M9F5R96YC97
@;6%Y(&EN8VQU9&4L('=I=&AO=70@;&EM:71A=&EO;BP@9&EV




@

#`-B`@(`@('-H







M8V5M96YT(&EN(#(P

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I





M;&4]




@;V8@4V5R:65S($$@4')E

M96X@9&EV:61E;F1S(&]N('1H92!397)I97



M;&4]







M=6)J96-T('1O(&%D:G5S=&UE;G0@87



M(`@(!S:&%R97








M=7(@;V8@*&DI('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W







@9&5C;&%R960@969F96-T
M:79E(&)Y('1H92!#;VUM:7-S:6]N+!A;F0@*&EI*0T*(`@(`@,3(-B`@


@







@







T0G9F]N

M:7IE.B`Q


@8V]N=F5R




'!T



28C

@



S`-B`@(`@


M

@









'!T




M9VX]



3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@


M=&5R;7


M=&AO=70@96UB;V1Y:6YG(&%N(&]B;&EG871I;VX@9F]R('1H92!#;VUP86YY










M('1H92!H;VQD97)S(&]F('1H92!397)I97




T0G


M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3
L#0H@(`@(`S

@;V8@

MB`@(`@(#
R
BPY

M

M
0T*(`@(`@9F]R#0H@(`@(`Q


M9'
@;V8@)#(R
BPT.#8-B`@(`@(&%N9`D,3DL,3,X+!R97-P96-T:79E








3`@86YD#0H@(`@(`S-38L-C






3!P=#LG/E1H92!#;VUP86YY('=I;&P@;F]T(')E8V5I=F4@86YY


T0G


M=F5N='

@0B!A;F0@4V5R:65S($





#`-B`@(`@('-H87)E




L('-T;V-K



@9&\@;F]T(&-O;G1A:6X@86YY(&-O;G1I;F=E;G0@



@.#$U+30P+3$U+34@=&AR;W5G

M=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S(R-CLF(S@S-C0[)B
X-#@R.W
@;W=N('-T;V-K+B!!

38L(#(P
3(N




@0R!787)R

M=!A9V5N=!I;B!*=6YE(#(P



@0R!787)R

C@L(#(P
3
L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E

M('9A;'5E(&]F('1H92!397)I97

M96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3


M97AT4&%R=%]E
30Y
#)C9%]E-&$W7S0P.3E?.&(R-E]A-6)B-&
P8S`Y.&8-







3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M1&5C+B`S
2P@

]

T1J=7-T:69Y('-T



3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@/&(^3D]412`Q
2!35$%4
M551/4ED@4D5315)615

@;F5W(')O;6%N



@86YD(%9)
M17



@86YD(%9)17
N



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E
30Y
#)C9%]E
M-&$W7S0P.3E?.&(R-E]A-6)B-&




M:78]

]
M


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




M(`\8CY.3U1%(#$R(%-(05)%+4)!4T5$($-/35!%3E-!5$E/3CPO8CX-B`@
M(`\+W`^#0H@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]



M93H@


PP,#`-B`@




@86YD(&-O;G-U;'1A;G1S+B!4:&4@4&QA;B!E

3D@86YD(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T+!T
M:&5R92!W97)E#0H@(`@(`T-S`L
#`P#0H@(`@(!S:&%R97
@;V8@8V]M









C`Q



#$Q


M:&%R92P@86YD(&%N(&]P=&EO;B!T;R!P=7)C:&%S90T*(`@(`@-S4L
#`P
M#0H@(`@(!S:&%R97




M=&@@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:7
&5R8VES
M92!T:&5S92!O<'1I;VYS(&]N;'D@=&\@=&AE(&5X=&5N=!T:&%T('1H97-E
M(&]P=&EO;G
@=V]U;&0@:&%V92!B965N(&5X97)C:7-A8FQE(&]N('1H92!T

@
M=V]U;&0@:&%V92!B965N(&5X97)C:7-A8FQE(&)Y($UR+B!4:6-K(&]N('1H


@869T97(@=&AE

M;F%T960@9F]R(&-A=7-E(&%S(&1E9FEN960@:6X@=&AE('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO
M;B!A9W)E96UE;G0L('1H97-E(&]P=&EO;G

S$L(#(P


M



M('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W
@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&]N('1H92!/5$
@



M(&9R;VT@=F5S=&EN9R!O;B!A;B!A;FYU86P@8F%S:7
@=&\@=F5S=&EN9R!O







#D@17%U:71Y($EN8V5N=&EV92!0;&%N

34L(#(P
3
@







M;W9I9&5D(&EN($%30R!4;W!I8R`W
3@L(%-T;V-K($-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;BP@




@=&AE(&5X8V5S

@;F]T960@:6X@=&AE(&9O;&QO
M=VEN9R!T86)L92X\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D97(M

@;F5W(')O

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#0P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`W
R4-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#0P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`P)0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T


M960@=&5R;7
@*&EN('EE87(I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#0P)3X-B`@


M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0T
M,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,XQ
B4-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T

M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30@86YD('1H92!M;W9E;65N='
@9'5R:6YG('1H


T0G8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C

#L\+W1D/@T*

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

38P.SPO

M9VAT960M/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M


M9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^




38P.SPO


M
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/D%G9W)E9V%T93PO8CX-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N

T1N;W=R
M87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V


T1C96YT97(@;F]W

24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

38P.SPO=&0^

M=&0@86QI9VX]

3(E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/D-O;G1R86-T=6%L($QI9F4\+V(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CY3:&%R97
\+V(^#0H@



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

3(E/@T*



M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M.B`C
#`P

T0Q


M;W=R87`]

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^4F5M86EN:6YG(&EN(%EE87)S
M/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I
M9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#
N-3`-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@

M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

M-F5F9F8@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,BXR-0T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`P+C@S#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('=I9'1H/3-$

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#
N
#@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O

M(V4V969F9CXF(S$V
#L@)B

M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@

T0R)3XF(S$V

T0Q
B4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I
M9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

#L@
M)B

M:60G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

M/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B

M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H
M/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M

T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C

M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

M-F5F9F8@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

T0Q
B4^)B
Q


M;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`R
C4L
#`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
M,3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(N-C$-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+C@V#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W

T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H
M/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

#L@)B
Q
M-C`[1F]R9F5I=&5D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$


M86QI9VX]

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V

M+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/D]U='-T86YD:6YG(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q
M+`R
#$T/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T1R:6=H

3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QB/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,34P+#`P,`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

T0Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\8CXD/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#(N


T0R)3XF(S$V


M8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M
2XT

M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CY%


M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$U,PP
#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/&(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`R+C$W#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L

T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`Q+C0Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]B/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@



3!P=#L@8F]R9&5R

M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XH
2D\

@;F5W(')O;6%N


Q



M+@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


W


C`Q









#D@17%U:71Y($EN8V5N=&EV92!0;&%N('=I



#`P#0H@(`@(!R97-T








M:6-K#0H@(`@(`R

M:&4@)B
X

X
C(Q.RD@;V8@=&AE($-O
M;7!A;GDF(S@R





M960@=&\@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDN(%1H92!396-O;F0@4F5S=')I8W1E9!3:&%R
M97,@=F5S=&5D(&EM;65D:6%T96QY('5P;VX@9W)A;G0L(&]N($YO=F5M8F5R
M(#(V+`R





M;7


M-S4L


@=F5S=&5D('5N


34L(#(P
3
@86YD#0H@
M(`@(`S-RPU

34L
M(#(P



M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@




M-2PP

T0U

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

T0U
4^2G5N92`S,P@
C`Q
3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M(#

T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$-3`E
M/DYO=F5M8F5R(#(V+`R,#$R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
C4L
#`P#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$-3`E/D1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$R/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M1-E-F5F9F8^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
C4L

M

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`S-RPU,#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

T0U



34L(#(P

M;&4]









M=&EM97


M(#
Q+`R,#$T(&%N9`R


M






C`Q


3LI('5N
M9&5R('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W
@4&QA;G
@=VET:!E:6=H=!E;7!L
M;WEE97



#`P

M-SMS(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!S=6)J96-T('1O('1H92!V97-T:6YG('-C:&5D



2!W:71H;W5T(&-A=7-E+!A;GD@=6YV97-T960@
M<F5S=')I8W1E9!S:&%R97


M
C`Q

M9!S:&%R97,@=&\@96UP;&]Y965S(&EN(#(P,30N#0H@(`@/]P/@T*(`@
F5S(&-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;B!C;W-T(&9O<B!A
M;B!A=V%R9!W:71H(&]N;'D@<V5R=FEC92!C;VYD:71I;VYS('1H870@:&%S






2P@
C`Q
RP@8F%S960@;VX@=&AE(&5S=&EM

M










#D@17%U

@86YD($UR+B!::&]N9PT*(`@
M(`@
C`L







@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R

M87







3!P=#LG


M=&\@9W)A;G0L('5N9&5R('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W
@



M/'`@86QI9VX]



3!P=#LG/@T*
M(`@(`@3VX@3F]V96UB97(@
C8L(#(P
3(L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&5N=&5R


@37(N($AE;G)Y($YG86XL($US+B!6:7)G:6YI82!0)B
X
C$W


S`L
#`P

M-SMS(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:RP@37
N(%`F(S@R

P+#`P
M




@

X
C$W.W
@:6YD

M


M


M(&)Y('1H96T@87


'!T


@







@:&%V92!B965N(&%U=&]M


'!T


#
L.#$X#0H@


C`Q
B!A;F0@)#(N
M



#M!9W)E96UE;G0F(S@R
C$[


@=&\@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF
M(S@R


C`Q
R!T;R!*=6YE(#(P
30N(%1H

34L
#`P#0H@(`@(!S:&%R97
@




M97(@
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3


M+C`U#0H@(`@(!O;B!397!T96UB97(@
38L(#(P
3
@9F]R('1H90T*(`@
M(`@
34L
#`P#0H@(`@(!S:&%R97
2`Q+`R

M(#$P+#`P

@=&\@=&AE(&-O

M(&]F(#(P

@)#(N.#0-



30N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V]G;FEZ960@=&]T86P@


@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
M
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3

M(&9A:7(@=F%L=65S(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W
@8V]M;6]N('-T
M;V-K(&]F(%53)#(N

30@9F]R('1H
M90T*(`@(`@
3(L-3`P#0H@(`@(!S:&%R97


M

34L(#(P
30L('1H92!#;VUP86YY

X
C(P.T-O
M;G-U;'1A;G0F(S@R


#LR


M=`Q-2P@,C`Q-!T;R!*=6YE(#
P+`R,#$U+B!0=7)S=6%N=!T;R!T:&4@
M=&5R;7
@;V8@=&AE(#(P

#`-B`@(`@('-H

M=6QT86YT(&%N9!I=',@9&5S:6=N964L(&%M;VYG('=H:6-H#0H@(`@(`R
M,PP


M97



@;&ES=&5D(&]R('%U
M;W1E9!F;W(@=')A9&EN9R!O;B!T:&4@9&%T92!I;B!Q=65S=&EO;B`H=&AE
M(8C.#(R




2P@
C`Q


MB`@(`@(#(P+#`P

M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO93$T.3`R8V1?931A-U\T
#DY7SAB
C9?835B
M8C1C
&

O4VAE970Q.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]

]


T1T;W`^24Y#3TU%(%1!6$53


M87
@9V5N97)A;&QY#0H@(`@(`S


M4D

M871E9!R96QA=&5D(')E9W5L871I;VYS+!);7!L96UE;G1A=&EO;B!296=U


#`X+B!4:&4@

M9&]M97-T:6



M;B!E9F9E8W1I=F4@=&%X(&QA=W
@86YD(')E9W5L871I;VYS+B!4:&5R969O





@96YD960@1&5C96UB
M97(@
S$L(#(P
#8@86YD(#(P


M92!O9@T*(`@(`@

@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
M
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3


M/'`@86QI9VX]



3!P=#LG/@T*
M(`@(`@2&%R8FEN($)A:7AI;B!H87
@8F5E;B!S=6)J96-T('1O(&%N($5)

N#0H@





@;F]N92!O9B!.=71R87-T87(L($YE=R!297-O=7)C
M97







M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

T0Q)3XF(S$V

M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.R`F(S$V
#L@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V

M
#`P

T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/&(^,C`Q-#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C

C`Q
SPO8CX-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CY#=7)R96YT
M(&EN8V]M92!T87@@)B
X
C$Q.R!04D
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^
M)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T
M:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`W+#@Q
BPR
C(-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C


T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C

M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O

T0Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXD/]B/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

C$T#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

24^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@


@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO8CX-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

@





M92!I;F-O;64@=&%X(')A=&4@:7
@87

M(`@(`@(#QT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$




M
T0Q

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

#`P


2P\
M+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\8CXR
#$S/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/B8C
M

M:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

P+#4X.2PY.#@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

T0C

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O

T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,CDL.3@R+#4Y
M,@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
34E/B8C



T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`S-4-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS

M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#Y);F-O;64@=&%X(&-O;7!U=&5D(&%T

T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS
M1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q,PT
#`L-3DV#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$P
M+#$Y-PP.#$-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@

T1L969T
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,S(S
M+#`P.0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,34E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#4T
BPX.#0-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

#L@)B
Q-C`[0VAA;F=E(&EN


T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V
#L@)B
Q-C`[4F%T92!D:69F

M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H,BPX,C,L,C(W#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XI
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(@R+#@S
PU,SD-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@



M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H
S`L
38T#0H@(`@(`@

T0R)3XI/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T1R

M(`@(`@*#DT+#$T-0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@


P
M
#`P
#`@

T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`@(`@(`W+#@W,PR
30-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO

M/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@


2!H860@9&5F97)R960@



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

#`P

M=VED=&@]

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V


T1N;W=R87`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

Q+`R
M,#$S/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q-24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,34E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS



T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
M
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(L,3(R+#8S-`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

C4-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@

M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T0Q
M-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@*#(L,3(R+#8S-`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H
M/3-$,B4^*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M




M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^

RPP
M




@=&AR

BPS



@87
@=&AE($-O
M;7!A;GDF(S@R

N(&]P97)A=&EO;G

M='



2P@




#$T

@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
M
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3
N/]P/@T*(`@(#QP(&%L:6=N/3-$:G5S=&EF




@=VET:&AO;&1I

@

L('=H


M;6ET871I;VX@:7



M8V1?931A-U\T
#DY7SAB
C9?835B8C1C
&
P.3AF#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4Q-#DP
F-D7V4T83=?-#`Y.5\X8C(V7V$U8F(T
M8S!C



^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$4V0SX-

M;CTS1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
30\





30@14%23DE.1U
@4$52(%-(05)%







M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V



@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L/]B/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

M=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@



#`P

T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^,C`Q,SPO
M8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

T0Q-24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/B8C
38P

T0R)3XF(S$V

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^+2!.970@:6YC;VUE/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(R
M+#$W,PS-S`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9CY

M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`H

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$U
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`R
BPU-#4L-3(Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(Q+#DT
M




M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`@(`@(#$W-PR-#4-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

24^)B

M:60G('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(R.2PU,3,-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$





M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L


C(L

W
`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M

M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#$U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

T0Q-24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

\+W1D/@T*

38L.#(W+#`Q
`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$



M=VED=&@]
T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@.#`V+#(X-PT*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,34E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L
3(X+#0P-@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/BT@169F96-T(&]F(&1I;'5T:79E(')E


RPY-S$-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W
M:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`S+#@W.`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I
M9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F/BT@169F96-T(&]F(&1I
M;'5T:79E(&]P=&EO;G,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M:60G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

34E/@T*


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^+41I;'5T960\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

P
M
#`P
#`@

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$W+#8Y.2PU.#D-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M

M:#TS1#$E/B8C


#@Y+#0V
M
`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F/DYE

38P

T0Q-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0R
M)3XF(S$V



M;&4G('=I9'1H/3-$

2XS-`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@



M(`@(`@
2XS.`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F/BU$:6QU=&5D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

24^)#PO=&0^#0H@

2XR.`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M('=I9'1H/3-$


2XS
`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B






@;F5W(')O


M=&AE('EE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P


#`-





2P@
C`Q
R!D:60@;F]T





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E
M
30Y
#)C9%]E-&$W7S0P.3E?.&(R-E]A-6)B-&
P8S`Y.&8O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS



3(@

S$L(#(P



M86QI9VX]



3!P=#LG/D]T:&5R








M
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]

@


M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B8C

24^)B



M97(@
S$L(#(P
30\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M:60G('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/D1E8V5M8F5R
M(#,Q+`R
#$S/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q
M-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,34E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG

M/3-$(V4V969F9CY$=64@=&\@37

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P


M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@

T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@

M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`R-C4L

T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$




M
T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP(&%L:6=N



M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B


M(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]



3!P
M=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CY,96%S92!O
M9B!L86YD/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/B8C

M86QI9VX]



3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ
M:6YH97)I=#LG/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(!&;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D
M($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R



M;G0@0V\N+!,=&0N(@F(S@R
C`[4VAU86EY:2!496-H;F]L;V=Y)B
X
C(Q


M(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

M(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@

T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X-B`@(`@




M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M:#TS1#4E/B8C



X


M86X@;V9F:6-E(&)U:6QD:6YG(&QO8V%T960@870@-30M
2!'86YS:'5I(%)O

M=6-T:6]N(&%R96$@;V8-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,3@U-XQ#0H@(`@(`@

L(&9R;VT@37


M;VX@:6YC;'5D:6YG(&]T:&5R(&EN8VED96YT86P@8V]S='
I+'=H:6-H('=A


M92!W87



2P@
M
C`Q





38P.SPO=&0^

M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/B8C

M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO93$T.3`R8V1?931A-U\T
#DY
M7SAB
C9?835B8C1C
&

O4VAE970R
BYH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





]
T1T

]
M


T1T


T1J=7-T:69Y('-T



3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@07
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
M
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3


M;W-I='
@:6X@86-C;W5N='


@







2P@
C`Q

M96-E:79A8FQE(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T(&%N9`R
#$S(&%L





M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V


34E/C(P

M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T0Q)3XF(S$V
M

M/3-$
34E/C(P
3

T0R)3XF(S$V



T1C96YT97(@8F=C;VQO

C8E


M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$



3`E



2P@
C`Q-!A;F0@,C`Q,R!W97)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W,Z#0H@
M(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$



M9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M
T0Q)3XF(S$V



M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
7!X

T0Q)3XF(S$V
!S;VQI9`C
#`P
#`P.R`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/D1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T

#`P
#`P.R`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N

M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`S,XP)0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

M9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q
M-RXS)0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
34E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(W+C4E#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V



T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W
M:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q-2XU)0T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,34E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS
M1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q,2XX)0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
M,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S

M($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T(&%N9`R

Q
M+#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3



@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
M
30@86YD(#(P
3

T0P('-T

3!P=#L@

M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L


#$T/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M9&EV(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/C(P
3
\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

M:6YG($-O+BP@3'1D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(W+C,E#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`R,RXS)0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('=I9'1H/3-$,34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(P+CDE#0H@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT


=&0N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@

M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M1-E-F5F9F8@=VED=&@],T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
C
N
24-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`@

C`Q
RX-B`@(`\+W`^#0H@


M=&EO;G








M9G



#DY
M7SAB
C9?835B8C1C
&
P.3AF#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+V4Q-#DP
F-D7V4T83=?-#`Y.5\X8C(V7V$U8F(T8S!C
#DX9B]7;W)K

C

M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES



]



T1T;W`^0T]-34E4345.
M5%
@04Y$($-/3E1)3D=%3D-)15




M(`\8CX-B`@(`@(`@/&D^96%S97








M=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T/EEE87(@96YD
M:6YG($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=VED=&@],T0Q-24^4F5L871E9!087)T
M:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/DYO;BUR96QA=&5D
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/E1O=&%L/]T9#X-B`@

M(S$V

#`P
#`P.R`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N


38P.SPO=&0^


#`P
#L@
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3Y087)T:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

#`P
#`P.R`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
34E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T


C`Q-3PO

T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D



M-F5F9F8@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^
M)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$T
M+#,P,`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`W
RPS-S@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XR,#$V/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,34E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#4Y+#`W.`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#4Y
M+#`W.`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I
M9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`U.2PP-S@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#4Y+#`W.`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H
M/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`U.2PP
M-S@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I
M9'1H/3-$,34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#4Y+#`W.`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`U.2PP-S@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@

#`P
#`P

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P


MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M
T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@


M969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$U
M)3XF(S$V

M-F5F9F8@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^5&]T86P\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@


M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M86QI9VX]

34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,30L,S`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P


T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D




Q+`R,#$T
M(&%N9`R

3`P+#8P

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I

M
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P
M.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C





@;&%B;W(@

M;W)M97(@96UP;&]Y964@9FEL97



@87

M:&5S92!A9&1I=&EO;F%L(&-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;G
@86YD(&9I;F5S('=O=6QD



@;F5W





3!P
M=#LG/D]N($]C=&]B97(@-2P@
C`Q
P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@96YT97)E9!I





M

M86XL=&EM97





M86QT:65S(&]R(&]T:&5R(&%M;W5N='
@86-T=6%L;'D@86YD(')E87-O;F%B
M;'D@:6YC=7)R960@8GD@37(N(%1I8VL@:6X@8V]N;F5C=&EO;B!W:71H(&%N









M=&EM97


C`Q


M97AP96YS97





3X-CPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM
M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E
30Y
#)C9%]E-&$W7S0P.3E?.&(R-E]A-6)B-&
P


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q






]


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P






@36EL:71A

X
C(Q.RP@)B
X



@;V8@=&AE

@:7
@86QS;R!C;VYD=6-T960@





2P@






3!P=#L@8F]R9&5R+6-O;&QA


T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M=&5R(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
R!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M


M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT
M97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C




T1C96YT97(@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CY#;W)D

\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N
M=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@


M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^)B

M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M9'1H/3-$


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M9'1H/3-$
3$E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^0F5V97)A9V5S/]B
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M9'1H/3-$
3$E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^4')O9'5C='
\+V(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CY5;F%L;&]C871E9#PO
M8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O

3$E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@

#4P+#(X


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#0L
#`T+#`S


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(L
M

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M=&0@86QI9VX]

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M8FQE)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M(`@(#0S+#,R.PR
3@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C


T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9VX]

M:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(Y+#8S
2PT
#(-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@

M9'1H/3-$

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P


T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@

M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P


M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M

P
#`P
#`@
W!X

3$E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@*#$L
#$X+#
U-PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XI/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M
S`L-3@Y+#DX.`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@


T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^)B

M
B4^)B

24^)B

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M:#TS1#$Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$T
PT-#0L-S8S#0H@(`@

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

P
#`P
#`@
M

3$E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-C(L

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F


P
#`P
#`@

M/3-$
3$E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
2PW-3
L.3`W#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
M

24^)#PO=&0^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3XF(S$V

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3XF(S$V

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^)B

M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

3$E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-2PU-C(-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

3$E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@
2PS.3$-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$P-PQ-S(-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L-#@U+#`S.0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P




M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X-

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

M

3$E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`\8G(O



3!P=#L@8F]R9&5R

M9VX]
T1L969T/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

24^)B

#$S/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,3$E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^3W)G86YI8R!A;F0\+V(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q


M
T1L969T/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CY#

\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P

M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

#L\+W1D/@T*

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CY-:6QI=&%R:7
\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT
M97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT
M97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C


M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/E5N86QL;V-A=&5D/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N
M=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,3$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@


M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O

3$E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@
S


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


T


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M;W5B;&4G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#(L


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#0S+#,T.PY.#D-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,3$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T1T
M;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R



M9&]U8FQE)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`R-BPX-C`L
C`Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X
M(&1O=6)L92<@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@,C<V+#`R-`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M8FQE)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
CDL
M.3@R+#4Y
@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^26YC;VUE(&)E9F]R92!I
M;F-O;64@=&%X97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(Y+#DX,BPU.3(-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

M(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@



M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M/3-$
24^)B

3$E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@


#`P



MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`V
BPU
#$-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`@(`@(`Q+#,Q,RPQ.30-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

P
#`P
#`@
M

24^)#PO=&0^

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`R+#`P.2PP
M.#4-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3XF(S$V

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^)B

M;W5B;&4G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L

3$E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@
3(Q+#(S-BPY-3

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,3$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D


24^)B
Q-C`[

B4^)B
Q


M
T1L969T/B8C
38P.R8C
38P.R!$97!R96-I871I;VX@86YD(&%M;W)T:7IA
M=&EO;CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+#
V
BPX
S(-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.R0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#4L-3$W#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3XF(S$V,#LD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`Q+#,W.0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.R0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS

B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P
M.R0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B]E
30Y
#)C9%]E-&$W7S0P.3E?.&(R-E]A-6)B-&
P8S`Y.&8O




]


T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]

T0Q


#$T/&)R/CPO




M

M86XL=&EM97

3!P=#LG/E1H92!#;VUP86YY
M)B
X
C$W.W



M9W

@;65T('1H92!04D


3$I




@=&%K92!P

@870@=&AE(&5X8VAA;F=E(')A=&5S





M;6%T96QY(%)-0C@S
`T*(`@(`@;6EL;&EO;B`H;W(@)#$S-@T*(`@(`@



M(&-O;7!A;GD@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='







M9CLG('=I9'1H/3-$

T1T
M;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T0Q)3XF
M(S$V



T0R)3XF(S$V



M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

30\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@


#`P
#`P

T0Q)3XF(S$V

34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QB/C(P,3,\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^05-31513/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,34E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D


M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@

M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

34E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^4F5S=')I8W1E9!C87-H/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


M:#TS1#$E/B8C

M3TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
3
Y+#8V.PV-C,-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P


MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M(`@(`@(`@(`@
3
Y+#8V.PV-C,-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B0\+V(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O

34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QB/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,3$W+#`W.PY
#0-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QB/DQ)04))3$E42453/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#Y#=7)R96YT(&QI86)I
M;&ET:65S.CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/B8C
M

M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F



T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`V.3`L-C8R#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-S
X+#DP
M
PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG


\+W1D



M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M=&0@86QI9VX]

M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0^)B,Q-C`[(8C
38P.R`F(S$V
#L@)B
Q-C`[(8C,38P.R`F
M(S$V,#L@)B,Q-C`[(8C
38P.R`F(S$V
#L@)B


38P.SPO

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M(`@(`@(`@(`@.#DS+#(P-@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C


F(S@R

M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C

24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q-24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V


XP,#$-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(!P87(@=F%L=64L#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M
2PP
#`L




M-S(X#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@86YD(0S+#`X
2PX-#@L('!L=7
@86-C

M(`@(`@(`@86YD(0W

2P@

M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L


M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



M(`@(`@(`@(`@(!S:&%R97,@:7-S=65D(&%N9`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#$V+#DP.2PY.#8-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(!S:&%R97


S$L(#(P



M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q-BPY-30-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`Q-BPT
C(-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q-24^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
3DL.3
T+#4U
0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CX-B`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`T,RPU-34-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(!S:&%R97,@87,@;V8@
M1&5C96UB97(@,S$L(#(P,30@86YD(#(P,3,-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/BD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H-S@L-S8W

M9'1H/3-$


M(#$P-RPW-S(L
S0Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@.#4L,C(V+#@Q,@T*(`@


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@.PR-3$L.#

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T1L969T('-T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P

M
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$S.PX-3@L-3`W#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P

M
24^)B


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`Q,38L,3@U+#8Y.`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]



T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$S.2PV-C@L-C8S#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M=&0@86QI9VX]


M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
3$W+#`W.PY,#0-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@


M9&5R/3-$



T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T0Q)3XF(S$V

M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V

M
#`P

T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/&(^,C`Q-#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C

C`Q
SPO8CX-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,34E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@


M3D54(%)%5D5.544\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/B8C

CL\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
M,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W
M:61T:#TS1#$U)3XF(S$V
#LF(S@W
C([/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@



M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^
M*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H
2PT-C@L
#0P
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XI/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q



M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[




T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\


M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3XF(S@W,C([/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W
M:61T:#TS1#$U)3XF(S@W,C([/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CY%

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

24^)B

M:60G('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(S+#8S.PR

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CY.970@:6YC;VUE/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M
T0Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXD/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`R
BPQ-S`L

M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1C




\+V(^#0H@(`@/]P/@T*







T1C96YT97(@8V]L

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M97(@
S$L/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T1T
M;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T0Q)3XF
M(S$V

M9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/C(P,30\+V(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT


T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

3
\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(@U.#0L-34V
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H-C(Q+#$P-PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$

M9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`U
M.#0L-34V#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

T0Q
M-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-C(Q+#$P-PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
M,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F/DYE=!C87-H('!R;W9I9&5D(&)Y
M(&9I;F%N8VEN9R!A8W1I=FET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$

CL\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]



M9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3XF(S@W


M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

M1-E-F5F9F8@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

T0Q


C([/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@







3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M1&5C+B`S
2P@

]

M;&4]


Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q






@;W(@=')A;G-A8W1I;VYS(&]C

2P@

M9FEL:6YG(&]F('1H:7

2P@

M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]





Q+#DS-0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@(`@
0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(!F;W(-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@

@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R



RP@
C`Q
M-2P@=V4@:7-S=65D#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#0P+#`P

@=&\@;W5R($)O

N#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T






]




#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R







'!T











@86YD('1H870@:70@:7
@=&AE

N($-O;G-E

M(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G

M:71I97


@;V8@8V]N=')A8W1U





@;V8@2&5I;&]N9VII


M9&EF:6-A=&EO;B`H05-#*2!4;W!I8R`X

M:6-S(')E;&%T960@=&\@=&AE(&-O;G-O;&ED871I;VX@;V8@=F%R:6%B;&4@

N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&1O97
@;F]T(&AA=F4@

@:6X@;F5T(&EN8V]M92!A



M86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='













M960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='


@







M97%U:79A;&5N='



]
T1R93X-
'0^/'`@86QI9VX]




3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@/&(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QI/D%C8V]U
M;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4\+VD^#0H@(`@(`\+V(^#0H@(`@(`\8G(O/@T*
M(`@(`@06-C;W5N='




M8V5S('=H97)E('1H97)E(&ES(&1O=6)T(&%S('1O('1H92!C;VQL96-T86)I


M86YC97

L(&EN



M;&4]



@;V8@:6YV96YT;W)I97
@:6YC;'5D92!P=7)C:&%S






X
C$W.W


N($UA;F%G96UE;G0@=VEL



T0G


M='














M;F%N8V4@8V]S='


M



@87

M;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B

@

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@



M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9CY=6EL9&EN9W
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
C`E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`R,`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#0P

T1C96YT97(@=VED=&@]
T0R
4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#4-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q
M,`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@








Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A


M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V

P
#`P
#`@



M9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]




M(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@(`@/'`@86QI
M9VX]



3!P=#LG/E1H92!#;VUP



M;G0@=&\@1D%30B!!4T
@4W5B=&]P:6
@
S4P+3

X
C(Q.RX@56YD
M97(@05-#(#
U
TS,TS-2P@:6YT86YG:6)L97





M9VEB;&4@87-S970@=6YL97-S('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&1E=&5R;6EN97
L(&)A


@=VET:!I
M;F1E9FEN:71E(&QI=F5S(&%R92!F=7)T:&5R(&5V86QU871E9!Q=6%N=&ET
2!C;VUP87)I;F<@=&AE(&%S<V5T
M)B,X,C$W.W,@97-T:6UA=&5D(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@=VET:!I='



M86QI9VX]


'!T




@;VX@86X@=6YD








]


M






M:7-C;W5N='
@86YD(')E='5R;G
@870@=&AE('1I;64@=VAE;B!T:&4@;65R






@





#M#;VUP96YS871I;VX@)B
X
C$Q.R!3=&]C:R!#;VUP96YS
M871I;VXF(S@R




X

X
C(Q.RX@56YD97(@
M1D%30B!!4T
@5&]P:6
@-S$X(&%N9!&05-($%30R!3=6)T;W!I8R`U
#4M

M97




T1T



M.#(R
#M);F-O;64@5&%X97
F(S@R



@8F%S960@=7!O;B!T:&4@;&EK96QI



@86YD('1H92!A;6]U

N($$@=F%L=6%T:6]N


@;F5W


C`[25)3)B
X

M;V8@1D%30B!!4T

X
C(P.T9)3B`T.8C.#(R,3LI(8C.#(R
#M!8V-O=6YT

F(S@R
C$[*2X@






@9W5I9&%N8V4@

M8FEL:71I97




M/'`@86QI9VX]



3!P=#LG/@T*

@:6YC=7)R960L(&%N


0T*(`@(`@9F]R('1H92!Y

C`Q



]

]
T1T97AT/CQP


@




M86QI9VX]







@96YD960@
M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3
@=V5R92!I;G-I9VYI9FEC86YT


]

]
T1T97AT/CQP(&%L



T1T;W`^1F]R96EG;B!C



M97
@=&AE(%5N:71E9!3=&%T97,@9&]L;&%R(@F(S@R
C`[55
@1&]L;&%R
M)B
X

C`[55
D)B
X


X
C(P.U)-0B8C
M.#(R


@9'5R:6YG('1H

@87)E('1R86YS





@87

M92!W96)S:71E(&]F(%!E;W!L928C.#(Q-SMS($)A;FL@;V8@0VAI;F$@86YD



M1&QE9G0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M5$]-.B`C
#`P

T0Q-24^1&5C96UB97(@
M
S$L(#(P
30\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N
M;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`]

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

#`P
M

T0Q-24^1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
\



M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\

M1-E-F5F9F8@=VED=&@],T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(%53)#$-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/5)-0C8N
#DV.0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

M;CTS1&QE9G0^271E;7
@:6X@=&AE('-T871E;65N='
@;V8@:6YC;VUE(&%N

30R.`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@55,D,0T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`]4DU-BXQ.3,R#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@



M:6







M9VX]



3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@


3LL('=H:6-H


@86)O
M=70@86QL;V-A=&EN9R!R97-O=7)C97

@86YD(&5V86QU
3H@=&EM97
@;F5W


@96YD960@1&5C
M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3



M('-A;&5S(&]F(&]R9V%N:6






28C.#(Q-SMS(&]P97)A=&EO;G
@=V5R92!C


T1J

M=&EM97

3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@/&(^#0H@


@96%R;FEN9W







]

T1J

M=&EM97

3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@/&(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QI/D-O;6UI=&UE;G1S(&%N9!C;VYT:6YG96YC:65S/]I/@T*

M0R!3=6)T;W!I8R`T-3`M



M=&EM871E9X@3&5G86P@97AP96YS97,@87-S;V-I871E9!W:71H('1H92!C

@:6YC=7)R960N($EF(&$@;&]S


@8V]N=&EN9V5N8WD@
M:7
@;6%D92!I;B!T:&4@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='

]
T1R;SX-

M8V-O=6YT:6YG('!R;VYO=6YC96UE;G1S(%M0;VQI8WD@5&5X=!;&]C:UT\

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I



M8V]N=&EN=65D($]P97)A=&EO;G


3LL('=H:6-H
M(&-H86YG97


M9F9E8W0@;VX@86X@96YT:71Y)B
X
C$W.W


N)B
X






M9VX]




M

M;VT@0V]N=')A8W1S('=I=&@@0W5S=&]M97)S(A4;W!I8R`V,#8I(B!W:&EC
M:!C;&%R:69I97









M('1H:7

F4Z(#$P<'0[)SY);B!*=6YE(#(P,30L('1H92!&05-

BP@(D-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;B`M(%-T;V-K($-O
M;7!E;G-A=&EO;B`H5&]P:6

@97AP;&EC
M:70@9W5I9&%N8V4@;VX@=&AE('1R96%T;65N=!O9B!A=V%R9',@=VET:!P
M97)F;W)M86YC92!T87)G971S('1H870@8V]U;&0@8F4@86-H:65V960@869T

#$U+B!4
'!E8W0@=&AA=!T:&4@861O<'1I;VX@

@;F5W(')O;6%N

C`Q

M;V8@1FEN86YC:6%L(%-T871E;65N='
@)B
X
C$Q.R!';VEN9R!#;VYC97)N



M86)L92!T;R!S=6-C97-S9G5L;'D@;6ET:6=A=&4@:71S(&=O:6YG(&-O;F-E





M-#DP
F-D7V4T83=?-#`Y.5\X8C(V7V$U8F(T8S!C





]

T1)1#!%
M-D

]

T1T;W`^4T-(14153$4@3T8@1$5404E
M4R!/1B!42$4@4U54TE$24%22453($%.1!!1D9)3$E!5$53($]&(%1(12!#

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q.4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3@E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q.4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CY$
M;VUI8VEL92!A;F0@9&%T93PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q.4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^;V8@969F96-T:79E/]B/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!W:61T:#TS1#$X)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$X

T1L969T('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B


3@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^;W=N97)S:&EP
M/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P


M+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q.4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#$X)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,3@E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q.4^)B

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F/@T*(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$X)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0Q.4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,3@E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$X
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$,3@E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q.4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$X)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3@E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@($YE
M=R!:96%L86YD(%=!64Y%)B
X
C$W.U

M;65N=!#;RXL($QT9`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&)R+SX-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(@F(S@R

3LI#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,3@E/@T*(`@


M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$X)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(0U,PP
#`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

T0Q.4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q
M,#`E#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('=I9'1H/3-$


M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#$X)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3@E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q.4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$X)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

@3&EM:71E9`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)#$-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

T0Q.4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q
M,#`E#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('=I9'1H/3-$
&EN

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#$X)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3@E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q.4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#$X)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

M=F5L;W!M96YT($-O+BP@3'1D(@F(S@R,C`[2&%R8FEN($)A:7AI;B8C.#(R
M,3LI/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

#M04D
F(S@R

M(`@(`@(`@(!*=6QY(#$S+`R,#$P#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I
M9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@)#
L
#`P+#`P
`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$P,4-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

M


M(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$X)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$,3@E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q.4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$X)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$X)3XF(S$V

T0Q.4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,3@E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$X)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$,3@E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q.4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$X)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3@E/B8C




#`V#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
M,3@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@4DU-C`L
#`P+#`P
`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$X)3X-B`@




T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$X)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,3@E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@],T0Q.4^)B

M.#(R

3LI#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,3@E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@4%)#+`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&)R+SX-B`@(`@(`@(`@($%U
M9W5S=`X+`R,#`U#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@4DU-3`L,#`P
M+#`P,`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!W:61T:#TS1#$X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$P

M-F5F9F8@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A



M:7

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3@E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q.4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$X
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P



T0R)3XF(S$V

L#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\8G(O/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@36%Y(#$X+`R,#`Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H
M/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M4DU,2PU,#`L,#`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@


;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E
30Y
#)C9%]E-&$W7S0P.3E?.&(R-E]A-6)B-&
P8S`Y



]


T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]


3(@36]N=&AS($5N

S$L(#(P







Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$
C`E/E5S969U;!,
M:69E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M.B`C
#`P

T0R

M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CY=6EL
M9&EN9W

T0R
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
C`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@-#`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=VED=&@],T0R,4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@-0T*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`Q,`T*(`@(`@(`\








M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$
C`E/E5S969U;!,:69E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

#`P

T0R



M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/D-O;7!U=&5R('-O9G1W87)E/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$


]

(%-4051%
M345.5%

M87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M9'1H/3-$

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!N;W=R87`]

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

#$T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N
M;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]



34E/D1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

2!A8V-O=6YT<SPO=&0^

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(!54R0Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@/5)-0C8N,3$Y,`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I
M9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I
M9'1H/3-$,34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(%53)#$-B`@(`@(`@(`]4DU-BXP
M.38Y#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^271E;7,@:6X@=&AE('-T871E;65N=',@;V8@:6YC
M;VUE(&%N9!C87-H(&9L;W=S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(%53)#$-B`@(`@
M(`@(`]4DU-BXQ-#(X#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M55,D,0T*(`@(`@(`@(#U234(V+C$Y
S(-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E,30Y,#)C9%]E-&$W7S0P.3E?.&(R
M-E]A-6)B-&,P8S`Y.&8-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M93$T.3`R8V1?931A-U\T
#DY7SAB
C9?835B8C1C
&

M='
O4VAE970S




CX\


M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q-#QB

]

]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D97(M8V]L

@;F5W(')O;6%N

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M

M
B4^)B

M9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M:60G('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^
C`Q
SPO8CX-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,34E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F/D%C8V]U;G1S(')E
M8V5I=F%B;&4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$U
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#DS+#`V-@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H
M/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@-38L.3(R#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1L

Z($%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@9&5B='
\+W1D/@T*

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M)B

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


M+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P
M
#`@

T0Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B0\
M+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R

M;&4G('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`Y
RPP-C8-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


F-D7V4T83=?-#`Y.5\X8C(V7V$U8F(T
M8S!C


]
M

T1)1#!%-D
^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P





M:60G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M97(@

M+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C


M(`\8CXR,#$S/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M-24^)B


M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
38Y+#`R-0T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@,C0P+#0Y.`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#Y7;W)K(&EN('!R;V=R97-S/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#0S
BPS
C(-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@-#`T+#$Y


M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#
T+#`V
@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q-24^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

U+#0P.0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P


MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`V.3$L.#0W#0H@(`@








M04)
15


]


T0G8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B!B

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B

M(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&-O;'-P86X]

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QB/D1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[


T1L969T/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T0Q-24^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXR
#$T/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q-24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/B8C


M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I
M9'1H/3-$,34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@,2PT-S`L-#,T#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO

M-F5F9F8@=VED=&@]
T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+#(W
2PV-S(-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C


M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('-T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#(X+#
T


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$U
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C



M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

T0Q)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B0\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/&(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L-#@Y+#@P
`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#-P



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M+#
P


M+R\O0SHO93$T.3`R8V1?931A-U\T
#DY7SAB
C9?835B8C1C
&
P.3AF+U=O

O4VAE970S
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

]



S$L(#(P
M




!S='EL93TS1=B


M86XL=&EM97


M

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T1C96YT97(@8V]L

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^
M)B


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/C(P
30\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

#`P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

#`P

T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXR
#$S/]B/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#$U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T
M:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L-C(S#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@


#0L-S
Q#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#0L.3(R+#4P
M.0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CY

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M


L
#
Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('-T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T

M-F5F9F8@=VED=&@]

M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
34E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CXF(S$V
#L\

M8FQE)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)#PO8CX-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
M

T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CX-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@-C$S+#,Q-0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]B/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

24^

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M-RPW









T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E

T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$

M=&@]
T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`T.3`L-#(Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


M

M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C


34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
3(R+#@Y-`T*

T0C939E9F9F/B8C
38P.SPO


M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

P
#`P
#`@
M

T0Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B0\+V(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H

M('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#8Q
RPS
34-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B]E
30Y
#)C9%]E-&$W7S0P.3E?.&(R-E]A-6)B-&
P8S`Y.&8O5V]R



M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M1&5C+B`S
2P@

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^4T-(14153$4@3T8@4%)/4$525%DL(%!,04Y4($%.1!%455)4$U%

M/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M/3-$

M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D


M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


2P\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`@/&(^,C`Q-#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M(`@(`@(`@(#QB/C(P,3,\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-


T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,34E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W
M:61T:#TS1#$U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

Q-C`[0G5I;&1I;F=S/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q-24^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q.2PW.#
L-C$X#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


T1L969T
M/B8C

M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M
CDL
3`X#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#(Y+#(Q,PT*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CXF(S$V


M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M=&@]
T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


M
T1L969T/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

T0Q)3XF(S$V

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$Q
M.2PR-#8-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG


T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#(P+#`V.2PX.3(-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@

M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QB/DYE=!B;V]K('9A;'5E/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`Q-PT
C0L.30R#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^/'-P


30Y
#)C
M9%]E-&$W7S0P.3E?.&(R-E]A-6)B-&

M;G1E;G0]


M


M4R!!3D0@5$%815
@4$%904)


3XQ
B!-;VYT
M:'

2P@


]



!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M


M97


#L\+W1D

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B
Q-C`[

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/C(P
30\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V

M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

#`P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXR
#$S/]B/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$U
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A


M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*

`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@


M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C


34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@-#8L-3DP#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P




T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

CDP#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B

M
#`P

M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F


]

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M('=I9'1H/3-$



M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


2P\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P

M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,34E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@



T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@

T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M


6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$Q-RPT.3$-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO<CTS1-E
M-F5F9F8@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q

T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#-P



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

P
#`P
#`@







M4E



#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*




M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS


T1R
M:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CY!;&QO


M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`H-S$X+#8Y.`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/BD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]

@=&\@


T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@*#$L
M
30S+#$Y.`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/BD\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F/D%M


M3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#$L,30S+#$Y.`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M:R`H;F5T(&]F(&9E97


M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

M;6UO;B!S=&]C:SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
M

M(%-T;V-K(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$Q/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#(L-S(P
M+#`Y.`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$


T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C



M3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(@V.#DL
SDR#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#(E/BD\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@

#$R(&%N9`R,#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$

M=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`R+#`S

M-F5F9F8@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]



24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`H-3`Y+#4S-0T*



M:'0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CY#;VYV97)T:6)L92!3
M97)I97

S$L(#(P
30\

M8FQE)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@

T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M8V5M96YT(&]N($IU;F4@
C@L(#(P
3`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#(L,3(Q+#DS.`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

T1L
M969T/B8C


T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
34E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@*#0Q.PV-C@-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

M=&@]

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/B8C






34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M-C0T+#4S
@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F

2P@
C`Q
#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C



#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B


T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$U
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]


2P@
C`Q
3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C

T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`V
M-3$L
3`X#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C


T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


B4^

T1L969T/B8C

T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#$R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I
M9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R



M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M


M
30Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#(E/BD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@


M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B8C

M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

M(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('-T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T

#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$U
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]


2P@
C`Q-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B]E
30Y
#)C9%]E-&$W7S0P.3E?.&(R-E]A-6)B-&
P8S`Y.&8O





]


T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S

]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L92!B
M;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B

@

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F


M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]



]
T1R;SX-




M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

3(E/B8C
38P.SPO


38P

M+3PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T1N;W=R
M87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[

M86QI9VX]

24^)B
Q

M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CY.=6UB97(@;V8\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


B4^)B

T1C96YT97(@;F]W

3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^079E


T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

T1N
M;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\8CY!9V=R96=A=&4\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^5V5I9VAT960M($%V
M97)A9V4\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C


M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


B4^)B




M4')I8V4\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

B4^)B
Q-C`[

M86QI9VX]

3(E/@T*



38P.SPO

M($QI9F4\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A


T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P





M/3-$


M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T0Q)3XF
M(S$V

M87`]

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

2D\

T1N;W=R87`@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T

M8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*

#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$U
M,PP
#`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

M9F8@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#
N-3`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M-F5F9F8@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M
`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@,XX
PT*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@.38L-S4P#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
M,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#
N
#@-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

38P.T5X97)C:7-E9#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C

T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M-F5F9F8@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@


T1L

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C



M:'0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@
BXV
0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@.38L-S4P#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT

T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
M,3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

38P.T5X97)C:7-E9#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(T-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C


T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^)B

T0R)3XI/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT

T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
M,3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V
M,#L@)B,Q-C`[1F]R9F5I=&5D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C


3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I
M9'1H/3-$

#$T/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M;W5B;&4G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#$U

M-F5F9F8@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

M(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B0\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`R+C$W#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)#PO8CX-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`U-RPP,#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO8CX-B`@

T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CX-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,2XT,0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]B/@T*(`@(`@

M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/D5X97)C:7-A8FQE(&%T
M($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M(`@(`@(`@/&(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$U,PP
#`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B0\
M+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`R+C$W#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[

M.B`C
#`P

M(`@/&(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#4W+#`P,`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]B
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M;W5B;&4G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P









4^#0H@(`@

M8V5N=&5R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU/DYU

\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS
M1#4P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=3Y697-T
M:6YG($1A=&4\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T

M9F8^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`R-2PP
#`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I
M9'1H/3-$-3`E/D1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/]T

M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
M-3`E/DIU;F4@,S`L(#(P,3$\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@

T0U



M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@
C`L
#`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
C4L
#`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
C4L
#`P#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#4P)3Y*=6YE(#,P+`R

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`S
M-RPU
#`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

M(`@(`@(`@(`S-RPU
#`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$





@



]

]
T1T
M97AT/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M:7IE.B`Q



T0Q
M
#`E/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=#XF(S$V

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T1C96YT

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M


2P\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L@)B

!S

M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


24^)B

34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^
C`Q
M
SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M(8C.#(Q,3L@4%)#/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M
T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`W+#@W

M9F8@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO




M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M





T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`@(`@(`@(#QB/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`W+#@W

T0R)3XF(S$V
M


M9&]U8FQE)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)#PO8CX-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
M
#`@

T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CX-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-RPX,3(L,C(R#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@


]



M/3-$





M:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

2P\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,34E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`@(#(Y+#DX,BPU.3(-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT

T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q-24^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,34E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#,T)0T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M

T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`S-4-B`@

T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,34E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@,3`L-#`P+#4Y-@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@
3`L
3DT+#`X
0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

T0Q)3XF(S$V

T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V,#L@)B,Q-C`[0VAA;F=E(&EN('9A;'5A=&EO;B!A;&QO
M=V%N8V4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('=I9'1H/3-$,34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@,S(S+#`P.0T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C


M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(@U.0T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/BD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0^)B

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/BD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@*#(L.#


24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`H
S`L
38T
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(@Y-PQ
M-#4-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE



24^)#PO=&0^

24^)#PO=&0^#0H@


@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

]


M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M9CLG('=I9'1H/3-$

M:60G('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^1&5C96UB97(@
S$L
M(#(P
30\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

B4^)B
Q-C`[



M(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q-24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/B8C


T0C939E9F9F('=I
M9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
BPQ
C(L-C
T#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T0Q)3XF(S$V
M

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(@R+#$R,BPV,S0-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XI/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO

34E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@*#$L-SDY+#8R-0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/BD\+W1D/@T*(`@


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P



T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`@(`@(`@/&(^)#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO



M931A-U\T
#DY7SAB
C9?835B8C1C
&

O4VAE970S


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q






]

]

T1T;W`^4T-(14153$4@3T8@14%23DE.1U
@4$52
M(%-(05)%+!05-)0R!!3D0@1$E

]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D97(M

@;F5W(')O

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C




M8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/&(^
C`Q
SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@


M=&@]
T0Q-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T/BT@3F5T(&EN8V]M93PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,34E/@T*(`@

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@
C(L

W



T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`H
C(Y+#4Q
M
PT*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/BD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#(R+#4T-2PU
M,CD-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#(Q+#DT,PX

M9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M


M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I
M9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@


T1L969T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M:60G('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@


M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

T0R)3XF(S$V

T0Q-24^)B


M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

T1L
M969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$U+#DT.2PU
M

M9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F

M1-E-F5F9F8@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT

T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
2PQ
C@L
M-#`V#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1L969T/BT@169F96-T(&]F(&1I;'5T:79E

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M
RPY-S$-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M
RPX-S@-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W

Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


M
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X
M(&1O=6)L92<@=VED=&@],T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q-RPV.3DL-3@Y
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

P
#`P
#`@
M

T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q-RPP.#DL
M-#8P#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,34E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^+4)A


M
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
2XS-`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

24^)#PO=&0^

S@-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O

T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

38P


F-D7V4T83=?
M-#`Y.5\X8C(V7V$U8F(T8S!C





]

T1)1#!%-D
^#0H@(`@(`\

@*%1A



]

T0P

3!P


M
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^
M)B


24^)B

#$S/]B/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@

T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
34E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]



M(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M(`@(`@(#4Q

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P











]


]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO


M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@;65D:75M(&YO;F4@(S`P
#`P
#L@)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C


P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3XR


T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
C8E#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


T0C939E9F9F
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B


T0G8F]R9&5R

M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T

M/3-$=&]P/E-#2$5$54Q%($]&($E.1$E6241504P@0U535$]-15(@04-#3U5.
M5%
@4D5#14E604)
12!42$%4(%)%4%)%4T5.5$5$(#$P)2!/4B!-3U)%($]&
M(%1/5$%








M(S$V

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T1C96YT97(@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B
Q

#`P
#`P.R`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B
!S
M;VQI9`C
#`P
#`P.R`G('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/D1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V


#`P
#L@)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C


#`P

M
2P@
C`Q
SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B

M/B8C

T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`U-2XT
M)0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$



T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@

R4-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@


M1-E-F5F9F8@=VED=&@],T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q-2XU)0T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C

T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`M
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/E-H96YY86YG(%=E;&QH;W!E($=R;W5P
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T
M:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$Q+C@E#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T
M:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@






M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=&@]
T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9&EV(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/C(P
M
30\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M



M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`R-RXS)0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

T0Q
M-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`R
RXS)0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

T0Q
M-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`R
XY)0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

T1T;W`^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CY(

M9F8@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
M
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
C
N

M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO93$T.3`R8V1?931A-U\T
#DY7SAB
C9?
M835B8C1C
&

O4VAE970T
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]





#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R

T0P

3!P


M
T1L969T/EEE87(@96YD:6YG($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1C96YT97(@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT

B4^)B
Q


M:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#L@)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

38P.SPO=&0^

#`P
#`P.R`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q

P
#`P

M=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

P
#`P


M9F8^
C`Q-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
34E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@-3DL

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B

#`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W


M/3-$;&5F=#XR
#$V/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#4Y+#`W.`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

T1L969T('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#4Y+#`W.`T*(`@(`@

M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#4Y+#`W.`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@


M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#4Y+#`W.`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

#$X/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#4Y+#`W.`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#4Y+#`W.`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CXR,#$Y/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#4Y+#`W.`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T0Q-24^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`V-C@L-S
W#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

M/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@8F=C


T0C939E
M9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M/3-$;&5F=#Y4;W1A;#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M9&]U8FQE)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)#PO8CX-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('-T

P
#`P
#`@

M=&@]
T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,30L
M,S`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P
#`@

T0Q)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QB/B0\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]

34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^


M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO93$T.3`R8V1?931A-U\T
#DY7SAB
C9?
M835B8C1C
&

O4VAE970T
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]


M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

2P@
M
C`Q-#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3XF(S$V

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q

MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C



T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B



M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C


M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
!S;VQI9<@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^4')O9'5C=',\+V(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT
M97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/D-O;G-O;&ED871E9#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

M8FQE)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M

M:#TS1#$Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#0S+#

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R

M/E-E9VUE;G0@:6YC;VUE(&)E9F]R92!I;F-O;64@=&%X97

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

B4^)B
Q-C`[


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M
B4^)B

M8FQE)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`R
C(L.#DS#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P

M(`@(`@(`@*#$L,#$X+#,U-PT*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^)B


P
#`P
M
#`@

3$E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@
S`L-3@Y+#DX.`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^)B

B4^)B
Q

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/3-$
3$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T


M(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P


M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
2PU
S@L
34P#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P


M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS

M9'1H/3-$
24^)B

B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M
B4^)B

M8FQE)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`Q-#
L-SDY+#`Y-@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C

M9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]

24^)B
Q

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG


24^
M)B

B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[($1E

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M

M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$P-PQ-S(-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L-#@U+#`S.0T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.R8C

24^)#PO=&0^

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(T-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



M

M

M9VX]
T1L969T/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

#$S/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^3W)G86YI8R!A;F0\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1L969T/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M

M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q


T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^)B

#L\+W1D

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\8CY-:6QI=&%R:7
\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

38P

T1C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M1#(E/B8C

M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
S
L-C@U+#@R.`T*

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



T
@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T1R

M1#$Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#(L
3@X+#@Q.0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M86QI9VX]

M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CY396=M



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`R-BPX-C`L
C`Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M

T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M


T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M9'1H/3-$
3$E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
CDL.3@R+#4Y
@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^26YC;VUE(&)E9F]R92!I;F-O
M;64@=&%X97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M



M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^)B

M
B4^)B

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E/B8C


M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M(`@,3$W+#@U,BPQ-S,-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`V
BPU
#$-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T

P
#`P
#`@

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`R+#`P.2PP.#4-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

3$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
M
#`@

3$E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@
3(Q+#(S-BPY-3

#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P

T1T
M;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V


M/3-$
24^)B

B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V


M9'1H/3-$
24^)B

B4^
M)B


T1L969T/B8C
38P.R8C
M
38P.R!$97!R96-I871I;VX@86YD(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+#
V
BPX
M
S(-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.R0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#4L-3$W#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#LD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,24^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`Q+#,W.0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3XF(S$V

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.R0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.R0\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
M,38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V



;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E
30Y
#)C9%]E-&$W7S0P.3E?.&(R-E]A-6)B-&
P8S`Y



]


T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]

M97

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q

M0TA%1%5
12!/1B!#3TY$14Y3140@0D%
04Y#12!32$5%5%
@6U1A8FQE(%1E

M;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$




M
#`P


2P\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M=&0@86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P


P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M3TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QB/C(P,3,\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^05-31513/]B
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,34E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B


T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F/D]T:&5R(')E8V5I=F%B;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

24^

34E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`M
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(T-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F/DEN=&5R97-T

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

M1#$E/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P


M86QI9VX]

#0-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO


P
#`P
#`@

M/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CX-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,3,Y+#8V.PV-C
-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO8CX-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

3$W

M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\


M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q-24^)B

M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M(`@(`@(`@-CDP+#8V,@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q-24^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`W
S@L.3`S#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O

\+W1D

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

B4^
M)B


M=#XF(S$V
#L@)B
Q-C`[(8C,38P.R`F(S$V,#L@)B,Q-C`[(8C
38P.R`F
M(S$V
#L@)B
Q-C`[(8C,38P.R`F(S$V,#L@)B,Q-C`[(8C
38P.U1O=&%L

M(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`X,3`L,34V#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M

M
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X-B`@(`@(`@

#`Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@(!P87(@
M=F%L=64L#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+#`P



M-S(X#0H@(`@(`@(`@(!A;F0@)#
L

PV-C(-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(&%N9`D-S
X+#DP
RP@870@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3
L


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`R+#4Q
M
PQ.#,-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+`D

#`L
#`P#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(!S:&%R97


#$S#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
38L.34T#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$V
M+#0R
@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`R
2PQ
C(L

M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$Y+#DS
M-PU-3$-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-


C`Q
PT*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT

B4^*3PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(@W.PW


M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$P-RPW-S(L,S0Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#@U+#(R-BPX,3(-B`@(`@(`@


M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`X+#(U
2PX
S4-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]

M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q


38P.SPO

M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$Q-BPQ.#4L-CDX#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]


T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

SDL-C8X+#8V
M



M5$]-.B`C
#`P


B4^)B

T1T;W`^4T-(14153$4@3T8@

M

!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(&)L



M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P


M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

2P\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M,34E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@


T0R)3XF(S$V

T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3XF(S$V,#LF(S@W,C([/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


T1L969T

T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(@W-SDL
C`S#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C


T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T
M:#TS1#$U)3XF(S@W
C([/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#$W
PT*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS
M1#$U)3XF(S@W,C([/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3XF(S@W,C([/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F/D5Q



34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
C
L-#DX+#DW
M-PT*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

M(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#(S+#8S.PR



24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\

M9&]U8FQE)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/@T*(`@(`@

T1L969T('-T

P
#`P
#`@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B0\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

34E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(R+#$W
PS-S`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT




3!P=#L@8F]R9&5R+6-O


T1L969T/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T0Q)3XF
M(S$V



M:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C


#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,34E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


M(`H-3@T+#4U-@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/BD\+W1D

T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(@V
C$L
3`W#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^*3PO

T1T;W`^



T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`U.#0L-34V#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@

M+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M=FED960@8GD@9FEN86YC:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97


M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P

M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q-24^)B
X-S(R.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

T0Q)3XF(S$V

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3XF(S@W
C([/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T

T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
M

T0Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B0\+V(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H

34E/B8C
38P.R`F(S@W
C([
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

T0Q)3XD/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T0R)3XF(S$V
M


30Y
#)C9%]E-&$W
M7S0P.3E?.&(R-E]A-6)B-&

M



M

S$L(#(P


#`P+#`P



]




@06YD($]R9V%N:7IA=&EO;B`S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



M-C@N


M=%]E
30Y
#)C9%]E-&$W7S0P.3E?.&(R-E]A-6)B-&




M240P14-!04


M=&%I;'


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
34Y

]

M97
@


T1T;W`^




]

@-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E
M
30Y
#)C9%]E-&$W7S0P.3E?.&(R-E]A-6)B-&
P8S`Y.&8O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]




CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@


S$L(#(P

]


#`L
#`P




M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO93$T.3`R8V1?931A-U\T
#DY7SAB
C9?835B8C1C
M
&


M;G1E;G0]


M



M;CTS1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
30\




MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

#DY7SAB
C9?835B8C1C
&
P.3AF
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4Q-#DP
F-D7V4T83=?
M-#`Y.5\X8C(V7V$U8F(T8S!C







M92D@*$1E=&%I;'



]

M5&%X97
@4&%Y86)L92`Q/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

#0R+#@X

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3W1H97(@4&%Y86)L97,L($%C8W)U86QS($%N9!4


#DY7SAB
C9?835B8C1C
&
P.3AF#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4Q-#DP
F-D7V4T83=?-#`Y
M.5\X8C(V7V$U8F(T8S!C



M:G


M9#TS1$E$




I(A54T0@)D\8G(^


]

2PP
#`L

@17%U:71Y


]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
BPU
#`L


@17%U:71Y(#0\+W1D/@T*











]
T1R;SX-

M.2PP
#`L



@17%U:71Y(#D\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



M='D@

M





3(\




3


]


]

30P+#`P



]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(N




]

M
3(S+#0P

]



]

RPU
C0L
S0R


@17%U:71Y(#(Q/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@



C

M86QI9VX]




]

]
T1N=6UP/C
N






M9VX]


T1T;W`^4W1O8VMH;VQD97)S($5Q=6ET








M9VX]



]

]
T1R

]
T1N


@17%U:71Y(#
W/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




]


T1T;W`^4W1O8VMH;VQD


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$U

]
M


]

2XP


]


]
T1N=6UP/C@N








]
T1R

]
T1N




]
T1R93X-

]
T1N=6UP


@17%U:71Y(#4R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


@17%U:71Y





]

]
T1N=6UP/C(T+#8X



]

S4V

]




@17%U:71Y(#4X



]

M;7`^

]



]



]




]

]



M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO93$T.3`R8V1?931A-U\T
#DY
M7SAB
C9?835B8C1C
&

O4VAE970U
2YH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





]
T1T

3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@









M87)T7V4Q-#DP
F-D7V4T83=?-#`Y.5\X8C(V7V$U8F(T8S!C
#DX9@T*0V]N





]

M


I(A54T0@)D\


]
T1R




#`P/'-P86X^

M92UB87-E9!#;VUP96YS871I;VX@,SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S

34P+#`P

]
M

]



]

]
M


]

]




]

]
T1N=6UP

]

]




]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
RXU



]



]


]

M;VX@
3


T1T;W`^






M:&%R92UB87-E9!#;VUP96YS871I;VX@,38\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@





M:&%R92UB87-E9!#;VUP96YS871I;VX@,3@\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]



]










M
C


T1T;W`^4VAA





T1T;W`^4VAA



]
T1N=6UP/C$N




M9VX]




]
T1N=6UP
M/C8Q
BPU



3PO=&0^#0H@





M


]


S`L

]
T1N=6UP/C(P
M+#`P

]













]

C`L

]
T1N=6UP/C(P+#`P
M

]




M=&EO;B`T


]



]


]




]
















CPO












]





M








M:&%R92UB87-E9!#;VUP96YS871I;VX@-C(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]
T1N=6UP/C(N


M






]
T1R


34L


]
T1N=6UP/C





M



M;G-A=&EO;B`W




]
T1N=6UP/C
Y+#`P


]








;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E
30Y
#)C9%]E-&$W7S0P.3E?.&(R-E]A-6)B-&
P8S`Y



]




M*$1E=&%I;'



]





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]
T1R





]




T1T;W`^26YC;VUE


M


M
#DY7SAB
C9?835B8C1C
&




M(&ED/3-$240P14A04,^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M1U


3XQ
M
B!-;VYT:'

2P@


]

]

#QS

]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C0P+#`P

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^16%R;FEN9W,@4&5R(%-H87)E(#,\+W1D/@T*(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#@X+#4P



]

]
T1N=6UP/C$U


]



F-D7V4T83=?-#`Y.5\X8C(V7V$U8F(T8S!C
M



]
T1R

T1)1#!%



S$L
M(#(P

]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



]
M


]
T1N=6UP/C4X+#
W



2PX-30N
3QS


]


]







M-U\T
#DY7SAB
C9?835B8C1C
&

O4VAE970U-BYH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



M
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@



]

]
T1N=6UP/CDY+CDP

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;B!2:7-K(#(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]

]
M

]



]

]
T1N=6UP/C$P+C`P

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;B!2:7-K(#4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]

]
M

]








]

T1T;W`^0V]M;6ET;65N='
@06YD($-O;G1I;F=E
M;F-I97
@

#`L




F-D7V4T83=?-#`Y
M.5\X8C(V7V$U8F(T8S!C






]

T1)1#!%
T)!0SX-B`@(`@(#QT


M92D@*$1E=&%I;'

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


#$T/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@







]




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B]E
30Y
#)C9%]E-&$W7S0P.3E?.&(R-E]A-6)B-&
P8S`Y.&8O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]




]

M86QI9VX]














;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E
30Y
#)C9%]E-&$W7S0P
M.3E?.&(R-E]A-6)B-&



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W


M12!/1B!$151!24Q3($]&(%1(12!354)3241)05))15
@04Y$($%&1DE
24%4
M15
@3T8@5$A%($-/35!!3ED@*$1E=&%I;'


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

]
M


]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@-3`L





T1T;W`^1&5S

@06YD($]R9V%N:7IA=&EO;B!38VAE9'5L
M92!/9B!$971A:6QS($]F(%1H92!3=6)S:61I87)I97
@06YD($%F9FEL:6%T
M97
@3V8@5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@

]
M

]




]


]
T1N=6UP/C
L
M
#`P+#`P


M9VX]

@06YD($]R9V%N:7IA
M=&EO;B!38VAE9'5L92!/9B!$971A:6QS($]F(%1H92!3=6)S:61I87)I97
@
M06YD($%F9FEL:6%T97
@3V8@5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@-CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C$P





]
T1N=6UP/C8P
M+#`P

]



]
T1N=6UP/C$P

#`N


#`L







]
T1R93X-




@3V8@5&AE(%-U8G-I9&EA

CPO=&0^#0H@

]
T1N=6UP/C$P


F-D7V4T
M83=?-#`Y.5\X8C(V7V$U8F(T8S!C







]



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



M=6P@3&EV97


]



@

]



@


T1T;W`^4W5M






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E
30Y
#)C9%]E
M-&$W7S0P.3E?.&(R-E]A-6)B-&




M:78]

]
M


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M14153$4@3T8@55-%1E5
($Q)5D53($]&($E.5$%.1TE3$4@05-31513(A$





T1T

]








]

(%-4051%345.5%
@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^

]
T1R93X-

@
3PO=&0^





]
T1N=6UP/C8N



]


M06-C;W5N=&EN9R!0;VQI8V5S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($5X8VAA;F=E(%)A=&5S
M(T@1FEN86YC:6%L(%-T871E;65N=',@-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C



M($9I;F%N8VEA;!3=&%T96UE;G1S(#4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]








]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@

]

M97
@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@17AC:&%N9V4@4F%T97
@+2!&:6YA;F-I86P@4W1A

M

M-#DP
F-D7V4T83=?-#`Y.5\X8C(V7V$U8F(T8S!C





]

T1)1#!%

T0Q/C$R


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^




]




M;W5N='
@4F5C96EV86)L92`T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



]



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E,30Y,#)C9%]E-&$W7S0P.3E?.&(R-E]A
M-6)B-&,P8S`Y.&8-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO93$T
M.3`R8V1?931A-U\T
#DY7SAB
C9?835B8C1C
&

O
M4VAE970V-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS

@*$1E=&%I;'


]
M


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)I97,@
M4V-H961U;&4@3V8@26YV96YT;W)I97,@,CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C




]

M-#
R+#
R

]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26YV
M96YT;W)I97,@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@26YV96YT;W)I97,@-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@

S0L






]

]








]

]



@




@06YD($]T:&5R


]


M97
@



M;65N='
@06YD($]T:&5R(%)E8V5I=F%B;&5S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F(%!R97!A

]


M97(@4F5C96EV86)L97

]
T1N=6UP/C$L-#@Y+#@P
#QS

]


S`P+#`Q








]




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




]


@
CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]


@
SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

#0L-S




T1T;W`^26YT86YG:6)L



]
T1N=6T^*#
L.#$V
M+#0P


M;7`^-C$S+#


]










M0TA%1%5
12!/1B!%4U1)34%4140@15A014Y312!/1B!42$4@24Y404Y'24)
M12!!4U-%5%
@*$1E=&%I;'




]




M9VX]




]


@
SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

3
L

30Y
#)C9%]E-&$W7S0P.3E?.&(R-E]A
M-6)B-&




M3E0@*$1E=&%I;'



]




]
T1R93X-



CDL



]
T1N=6UP/C(Y+#(Q
M

]







]
M
T1N=6UP/C$S-RPX





T1T;W`^






]

]
T1N=6UP/C(P+#`V.2PX


3$\+W1D/@T*




]


]
T1N=6UP


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
34L-#@Q+#(T



]


M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q-#QB

]



]




@


]
T1N=6UP
M/C0V+#4Y

]


]
M

@4&%Y86)L92!38VAE

@-3PO=&0^#0H@

T1T;W`^3W1H97(@4&%Y86)L
M97





'0O:'1M



]




]

@4&%Y86)L92!3


T1T;W`^3W1H97(@4&%Y86)L97
L($%C8W)U
6%B
M;&4@,CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S<STS1&YU;7`^-#4Q+#
T
#QS

]




]

@4&%Y86)L92!3


]




]
M

@4&%Y86)L92!38VAE

T1T;W`^3W1H97(@4&%Y86)L97
L($%C8W)U86QS


;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E
30Y
#)C9%]E-&$W7S0P.3E?.&(R-E]A-6)B
M-&



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO


12!/1B!!3$Q/0T%4
M24].($]&(%1(12!04D]#145$4R!&4D]-(%1(12!04DE6051%(%!
04-%345.


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@

]
T1P

M(#
L-3(T+#
T


]

3@L

]

RPQ.3@I


@17%U:71Y(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($%L;&]C871I;VX@
M3V8@5&AE(%!R;V-E961S($9R;VT@5&AE(%!R:79A=&4@4&QA8V5M96YT(#0\


T1T;W`^4W1O



]
T1R;SX-



]



]


Y


M;&4@3V8@06QL;V-A=&EO;B!/9B!4:&4@4')O8V5E9'
@1G)O;2!4:&4@4')I



M9VX]



2PU
C$L
M


@17%U:71Y(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($%L;&]C871I
M;VX@3V8@5&AE(%!R;V-E961S($9R;VT@5&AE(%!R:79A=&4@4&QA8V5M96YT

2PY
S@\


M9B!4:&4@4')O8V5E9'
@1G)O;2!4:&4@4')I=F%T92!0;&%C96UE;G0@
3
\



@17%U:71Y(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($%L;&]C871I;VX@3V8@5&AE
M(%!R;V-E961S($9R;VT@5&AE(%!R:79A=&4@4&QA8V5M96YT(#$T/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V-#0L-3


]


T1T;W`^4W1O8VMH;VQD97)S($5Q


2PW
#
L

@17%U:71Y
M(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($%L;&]C871I;VX@3V8@5&AE(%!R;V-E961S($9R;VT@
M5&AE(%!R:79A=&4@4&QA8V5M96YT(#$W/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L
M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#`U



@17%U:71Y(%-C
M:&5D=6QE($]F($%L;&]C871I;VX@3V8@5&AE(%!R;V-E961S($9R;VT@5&AE
M(%!R:79A=&4@4&QA8V5M96YT(#$X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



@17%U:71Y(%-C:&5D=6QE
M($]F($%L;&]C871I;VX@3V8@5&AE(%!R;V-E961S($9R;VT@5&AE(%!R:79A
M=&4@4&QA8V5M96YT(#$Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M
M/B@Q


]



M



30Q*3QS

]

CPO


T1T;W`^4W1O8VMH






M9'
@1G)O;2!4:&4@4')I=F%T92!0;&%C96UE;G0@
C0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

#DY7SAB
M
C9?835B8C1C
&
P.3AF#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+V4Q-#DP
F-D7V4T83=?-#`Y.5\X8C(V7V$U8F(T8S!C

M971S+U-H965T-S

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$5#04%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M


]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@



N








M($-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;B!38VAE9'5L92!/9B!686QU871I;VX@07-S=6UP=&EO







]

]











]




M1&YU;7`^


]






T1T

M;G


]





@27-S=65D







M06YD($]U='-T86YD:6YG(#$R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$












M06YD($]U='-T86YD:6YG(#$X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

C4L









]




]




]
M





]




]




]
M





]




]




]
M





]



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@




T1T

M;G


]
M

SPO




M

]




M:&5D=6QE($]F($]P=&EO;G




]



T1T

M;G

34P+#`P


]



T1T;W`^4VAA

@27-S
M=65D($%N9!/=71S=&%N9&EN9R`T,#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S






M($]U='-T86YD:6YG(#0R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M








M+#`P

]



#DY7SAB
C9?835B
M8C1C
&
P.3AF#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4Q-#DP
M
F-D7V4T83=?-#`Y.5\X8C(V7V$U8F(T8S!C


M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@

$5$2$%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@



M;VYG/E-#2$5$54Q%($]&(%)%4U1224-4140@4TA!4D53(%9%4U0@*$1E=&%I
M;'


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C4L




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C(U+#`P


]

M
C4L











M-RPU




M931A-U\T
#DY7SAB
C9?835B8C1C
&

O4VAE970W


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M4T-(14153$4@3T8@0T]-4$%.65
@24Y#3TU%(%1!6!%6%!%3E-%(A$971A




#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@







@4V-H961U;&4@


]





'!E;G-E(#8\+W1D/@T*


M;&4Z+R\O0SHO93$T.3`R8V1?931A-U\T
#DY7SAB
C9?835B8C1C
&
P.3AF

O4VAE970W-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7



M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L

]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]


]
T1N=6UP/C


]



]

3`L-#`P

]


M97



]


]


]
T1R


]




M;64@5&%X97
@

]

]
T1N=6T^*#

]
T1R;SX-


]



M97
@


T1T


BPR


F-D7V4T83=?-#`Y
M.5\X8C(V7V$U8F(T8S!C






]

T1)1#!%5T-!0SX-B`@(`@(#QT




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@1&5F97)R



]
T1P
!!<W-E='
@





;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E
30Y
#)C9%]E-&$W7S0P.3E?.&(R-E]A-6)B-&
P



]


12!/1B!%05).24Y'4R!0

M;'-P86X]


M
#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$




]
T1N=6UP/C(R+#$W


]




M961U;&4@3V8@16%R;FEN9W
@4&5R(%-H87)E+!87-I8R!!;F0@1&EL=71E


T1T;W`^
M16%R;FEN9W

M:&%R92P@0F%S:6


T1T;W`^16%R;FEN9W
@4&5R(%-H87)E(%-C

@06YD($1I;'5T


T1T
M;W`^16%R;FEN9W


@06YD($1I;'5T960@-SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


T1T;W`^16%R;FEN9W
@4&5R(%-H87)E(%-C

@06YD($1I;'5T


T1T;W`^
M16%R;FEN9W

M:&%R92P@0F%S:6


T1T;W`^16%R;FEN9W
@4&5R(%-H87)E(%-C

@06YD($1I;'5T
M960@








M9VX]
T1T;W`^16%R;FEN9W


@06YD($1I;'5T960@
3


]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]




]

]
T1N=6UP/C
L


@


M4V-H961U;&4@3V8@16%R;FEN9W
@4&5R(%-H87)E+!87-I8R!!;F0@1&EL

SD\








M9W
@4&5R(%-H87)E+!87-I8R!!;F0@1&EL=71E9`R,3PO=&0^#0H@(`@




]

]
T1N=6UP/C$N
S@\






M;&4Z+R\O0SHO93$T.3`R8V1?931A-U\T
#DY7SAB
C9?835B8C1C
&
P.3AF

O4VAE970X

M


2!R;W=S


M4E1)15
@*$1E=&%I;'



]





M93$T.3`R8V1?931A-U\T
#DY7SAB
C9?835B8C1C
&
P.3AF#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4Q-#DP
F-D7V4T83=?-#`Y.5\X8C(V
M7V$U8F(T8S!C




^+RH@


M

@
M*$1E=&%I;'


]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#


]


]



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E
30Y
#)C
M9%]E-&$W7S0P.3E?.&(R-E]A-6)B-&




M97%U:78]


]



M9SY30TA%1%5
12!/1B!)3D1)5DE$54%
($-54U1/3452($%#0T]53E13(%)%
M0T5)5D%3$4@5$A!5!215!215-%3E1%1`Q,4@3U(@34]212!/1B!43U1!


M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q-#QB

]

]



]


]
T1N=6UP/C

]
M

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$W+C

]

]
T1N=6UP/C(W+C4P)3QS

]

]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]

]
M

]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M



]

3`E($]2($U/4D4@3T8@
M5$A%($=23U50)U
@4%)/0U5214U%3E0@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^

]
T1R93X-



T1T
M;W`^0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;B!2:7-K(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($EN9&EV:61U86P@





RXS


]


T1T;W`^0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO


C`N-3`E/'-P




M87)T7V4Q-#DP
F-D7V4T83=?-#`Y.5\X8C(V7V$U8F(T8S!C
#DX9@T*0V]N





]

M

3(@36]N=&AS

S$L(#(P





]


]
T1N=6UP/C$T+#
P


]


]



]


]


]


]












@1F]R
M($]P97)A=&EN9R!
96%S97


]
M

]
T1P

]
T1N


]


]


M1&YU;7`^-3DL



@1F]R
M($]P97)A=&EN9R!
96%S97
@




M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^0V]M;6ET;65N='
@06YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97
@4V-H






@1F]R
M($]P97)A=&EN9R!
96%S97
@






]







]

T0Q/C$R($UO;G1H



]
T1N=6UP/B0@

M
#4P+#(X

]







BPR-S




]
T1R




M












]


3`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

M;VXL($)Y(%-E9VUE;G0@


]

M







]
T1N=6UP
M/C$L-3
X+#$U


]


2PW-3
L.3`W/'-P86X^

M96YT($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F(%-E9VUE;G0@4F5P;W)T:6YG





]



M

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E-E9VUE;G0@26YF;W)M871I;VX@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@

]
T1N=6UP/C$L


]




]
T1N=6UP/C$L
SDQ



#0L

M:6]N(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F(%-E9VUE;G0@4F5P;W)T:6YG($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N



M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E-E9VUE;G0@26YF;W)M871I;VX@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@

]




]
M


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E-E9VUE;G0@26YF;W)M871I;VX@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@4V5G

]


]
T1N

M/3-$=&]P/E-E9VUE;G0@26YF;W)M871I;VX@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@4V5G;65N

]



M
S


]











]
M




M-BPX-C`L






T1T;W`^4V5G;65N







]



]

M871I;VXL($)Y(%-E9VUE;G0@


]

M;G0@



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

M;VXL($)Y(%-E9VUE;G0@








]

M


T1T;W`^


]

M(%-E9VUE;G0@




]

M
C

]
T1R93X-

M;W)M871I;VXL($)Y(%-E9VUE;G0@


]

C4\

]

M871I;VXL($)Y(%-E9VUE;G0@


#DY7SAB
C9?835B8C1C
&
P.3AF#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4Q-#DP
F-D7V4T83=?-#`Y
M.5\X8C(V7V$U8F(T8S!C



M:G


M9#TS1$E$
$5




]



T1T;W`^4F5S


]

M1&YU;7`^

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^4F5S=')I8W1E9!.970@07-S971S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($-O




]


M9'5L92!/9B!#;VYD96YS960@0F%L86YC92!3:&5E='





M='

M


M960@0F%L86YC92!3:&5E='



M9'5L92!/9B!#;VYD96YS960@0F%L86YC92!3:&5E='





M='


T1T;W`^

M;7`^-S
X+#DP


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5S=')I8W1E9!.970@07-S971S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F

3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



34T+#
P


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5S=')I8W1E
M9!.970@07-S971S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($-O;F1E;G-E9!86QA;F-E(%-H



T1T


]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5S=')I8W1E9!.970@07-S971S(%-C:&5D=6QE






@
38\+W1D


T1T;W`^4F5S=')I




@4V-H961U



@
M


T1T;W`^

M;7`^-CDP+#8V


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5S=')I8W1E9!.970@07-S971S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F

CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



2PW-S




M96YS960@0F%L86YC92!3:&5E='
@


@4V-H961U

#`P+#`P



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5S=')I8W1E9!.
M970@07-S971S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($-O;F1E;G-E9!86QA;F-E(%-H965T


T1T

M1&YU;7`^

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5S=')I8W1E9!.970@07-S971S(%-C:&5D


38L


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^4F5S=')I8W1E9!.970@07-S971S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($-O;F1E;G-E



@4V-H961U;&4@

R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@





@
S
\+W1D

]
T1R

]
T1N=6UP/C$Y

]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5S=')I8W1E9!.970@07-S971S(%-C




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M4F5S=')I8W1E9!.970@07-S971S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($-O;F1E;G-E9!


]

]
T1N=6UP/C@U+#(R-BPX


@


T1T;W`^



@4V-H961U;&4@




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5S=')I8W1E9!.970@

M


]

]
T1N




M+R\O0SHO93$T.3`R8V1?931A-U\T
#DY7SAB
C9?835B8C1C
&
P.3AF+U=O

O4VAE970X-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]

M5!/1B!)3D-/344@04Y$($-/35!214A%3E-)5D4@24Y#3TU%(A$971A:6QS



#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R

@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@0V]N9&5N

]


]

2PT-C@L
#0P

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^4F5S=')I8W1E9!.970@07-S971S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($-O;F1E;G-E








T1T;W`^4F5S=')I
M8W1E9!.970@07-S971S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($-O;F1E;G-E9!3=&%T96UE






]





BPQ-S`L


30Y
#)C9%]E-&$W
M7S0P.3E?.&(R-E]A-6)B-&



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7


]



3XQ
M
B!-;VYT:'

2P@


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5S=')I8W1E9!.970@



@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@0V]N

]
T1N=6T^*#8R
2PQ

M($9L;W=S(#




@-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

C$L

30Y
#)C9%]E-&$W7S0P.3E?.&(R-E]A
M-6)B-&


T0B4VAE970P
BYH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970P-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#8N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T,#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#$S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q-YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
34N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M,T0B4VAE970Q-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3@N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T,C$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(R
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970R.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M
S`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
Q+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#,T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S-2YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970S.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
SDN:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970T,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T-#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0S+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#0V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T-RYH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970U,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3$N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T-30N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4U+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z

M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970V
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C
N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T-C8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8W
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-CDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E

T0B4VAE970W
M



T0B4VAE970X
YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970X

30Y
#)C9%]E-&$W7S0P
8.3E?.&(R-E]A-6)B-&
P8S`Y.&8M+0T*
`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










SCHEDULE OF SEGMENT REPORTING INFORMATION
 BY SEGMENT [Table Text Block]
        

          
          


 2014

          


          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          

            

          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          

            

          
          
          
          
          

            

          
          

            

          
          
          
          


          
          

            

          
          

            

          
          

            

          
          

            

          
          

            

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          

            37
050
283

          
          

            4
004
030

          
          

            2
273
905

          
          

            &#160;
            -

          
          

            43
328
218

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          

            29
631
402

          
          

            1
754
050

          
          

            222
893

          
          

            (1
018
357

          
          

            30
589
988

          


          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          

            30
589
988

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          

            140
444
763

          
          

            62
276

          
          

            1
538
150

          
          

            1
753
907

          
          

            143
799
096

          


          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          

            143
799
096

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          

            1
373
914

          
          

            5
562

          
          

            1
391

          
          

            104
172

          
          

            1
485
039

          


          
          

            &#160;
            -

          
          

            &#160;
            -

          
          

            -

          
          

            &#160;
            -

          
          

            &#160;
            -

          

    
        

          
          


 2013

          


          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          

            

          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          

            

          
          
          
          
          

            

          
          

            

          
          
          
          


          
          

            

          
          

            

          
          

            

          
          

            

          
          

            

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          

            33
685
828

          
          

            7
474
342

          
          

            2
188
819

          
          

            &#160;
            -

          
          

            43
348
989

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          

            26
860
209

          
          

            4
495
175

          
          

            276
024

          
          

            (1
648
816

          
          

            29
982
592

          


          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          

            29
982
592

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          

            117
852
173

          
          

            62
501

          
          

            1
313
194

          
          

            2
009
085

          
          

            121
236
953

          


          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          

            121
236
953

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          

            1
362
832

          
          

            5
517

          
          

            1
379

          
          

            103
768

          
          

            1
473
496

          


          
          
          
          
          

            -

          
          

            -

          
          

            &#160;
            -

          
          

            &#160;
            -

          

    




        
          

        
          
            

 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

        
        


        
        


        

          20
          -
          40



        

          5
          -
          10



        

          5


    


        
        

        
        


        
        


        

          10



        

          4


    


        
        

        
        


        
        


        




        

          US$1
          =RMB6.1190

        
        

          US$1
          =RMB6.0969

        


        
        

          US$1
          =RMB6.1428

        
        

          US$1
          =RMB6.1932

        

    




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

          
          
          
          
          
          

            

          
          


          
          

            

          
          
          

            

          
          



            

          

            

          

            

          

            

          

            


        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          



            

          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          



            New Zealand WAYNE&#8217;S New Resources Development Co.
 Ltd

            (&#8220;New Resources&#8221;)

          

            British Virgin Islands

            March 13
 2008

          

            $50
000

          

            100%

          
          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          



            Oriental Global Holdings Limited

            (&#8220;Oriental Global&#8221;)

          

            Hong Kong

            May 28
 2010

          

            $1

          

            100%

          
          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          




          

            People&#8217;s Republic of China (&#8220;PRC&#8221;)

            July 13
 2010

          

            $3
000
000

          

            100%

          



        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          



            

          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          




          

            PRC

            July 11
 2006

          

            RMB60
000
000

          

            100%

          
          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          



            Daqing Shuaiyi Biotech Co. Ltd.

            (&#8220;Daqing Shuaiyi&#8221;)

          

            PRC

            August 8
 2005

          

            RMB50
000
000

          

            100%

          

 which is widely used for Chinese medicine


        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          



            Harbin Shuaiyi Green and Specialty Food Trading LLC.

            (&#8220;Harbin Shuaiyi&#8221;)

          

            PRC

            May 18
 2001

          

            RMB1
500
000

          

            100%

          
          

    




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

          
          




          


          
          

            

          
          

            

          



            

          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          

            &#160;
            -

          
          

            &#160;
            -

          


          
          

            -

          
          

            -

          


          
          

            139
668
663

          
          

            117
078
904

          



            


            


            &#160;

              139
668
663
            

          

            



              117
078
904
            

          



            

          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          

            690
662

          
          

            738
903

          


          
          

            119
494

          
          

            154
303

          


          
          

            810
156

          
          

            893
206

          



            

          
          
          
          
          
          



            Preferred Stock
 $0.001
            par value
            1
000
000
            shares authorized
            77
776
            shares and
            110
066
            shares issued and outstanding
 respectively; aggregate liquidation preference $2
177
728
            and $3
081
848
 plus accrued but unpaid dividend of $690
662
            and $738
903
 at December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively

          

            1
773
772

          
          

            2
510
183

          



            Common stock
 $0.001
            par value
            190
000
000
            shares authorized
            16
953
541
            shares issued and
            16
909
986
            shares outstanding at December 31
 2014;
            16
421
161
            shares issued and
            16
377
606
            shares outstanding at December 31
 2013

          

            16
954

          
          

            16
422

          


          
          

            21
122
372

          
          

            19
934
551

          



            Treasury stock
 at cost
            43
555
            shares as of December 31
 2014 and 2013

          

            (78
767

          
          

            (78
767

          


          
          

            107
772
341

          
          

            85
226
812

          


          
          

            8
251
835

          
          

            8
576
497

          


          
          

            138
858
507

          
          

            116
185
698

          

        

            


            



              139
668
663


          

            



              117
078
904


          

    


        
        

          
          




          


          
          

            

          
          

            

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          

            (779
203

          
          

            (1
468
040

          


          
          
          
          
          

            173

          


          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          

            23
498
977

          
          

            23
638
237

          



            


            



              22
719
774
            

          

            



              22
170
370
            

          

    


        
        

          
          




          


          
          

            

          
          

            

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          

            (584
556

          
          

            (621
107

          


          
          

            584
556

          
          

            621
107

          


          
          
          
          
          
          
          




          
          
          
          
          
          




 end of year


            

          
          
          
          
          

    




        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 balance sheets of consolidated entities and consolidation eliminations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 cash flow statements of consolidated entities and consolidation eliminations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 income statements of consolidated entities and consolidation eliminations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE
 NET (Tables)

        

      






        
        

          
          




          


          
          

            

          
          

            

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          

            93
066

          
          

            56
922

          


          
          

            -

          
          

            -

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          




 net


            


            &#160;
            93
066

          

            


            &#160;
            56
922

          

    




        
          

        
          
            

 allowance
 and net carrying value as of the balance sheet date. Presentation is categorized by current
 noncurrent and unclassified receivables.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3
 -Paragraph 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

          
          




          


          
          

            

          
          

            

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          

            169
025

          
          

            240
498

          


          
          

            432
322

          
          

            404
190

          


          
          

            34
062

          
          

            47
159

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          



            


            



              635
409
            

          

            



              691
847
            

          

    




        
          

        
          
            

 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
              
 -Subparagraph a
b
c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
      
    


            
          

          These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
        


            
          

          The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of Nutrastar and its wholly-owned subsidiaries
 New Resources
 Oriental Global and Harbin Baixin
 and its VIEs Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi. All significant inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated on consolidation.
        

 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi and based on the result of the evaluation
 believes that these entities are variable interest entities and that it is the primary beneficiary of these entities. Consequently
 the Company has included the results of operations of these variable interest entities in the consolidated financial statements. The Company&#8217;s relationships with Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi are governed by a series of contractual arrangements. Under PRC laws
 Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi are independent legal persons and none of them is exposed to liabilities incurred by the other parties.

 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi are consolidated in the accompanying financial statements pursuant to the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standard Codification (ASC) Topic 810 and related subtopics related to the consolidation of variable interest entities. The Company does not have any non-controlling interests in net income and accordingly
 did not subtract any net income in calculating the net income attributable to the Company. Because of the contractual arrangements
 the Company had a pecuniary interest in the VIEs that require consolidation of the Company&#8217;s and the VIEs&#8217; financial statements.


            
          

          The preparation of these consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires the Company to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of these consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Accordingly
 actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Significant estimates for the year ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 include the useful lives of property and equipment and intangible assets
 assumptions used in assessing impairment for long-term assets and the fair values of share-based payments.
        


            
          

          Cash and cash equivalents consist of all cash balances and highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less. Because of the short maturity of these investments
 the carrying amounts approximate their fair value.
        


            
          

          Accounts receivable is stated at cost
 net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the failure of customers to make required payments. The Company reviews the accounts receivable on a periodic basis and provides allowances where there is doubt as to the collectability of individual balances. In evaluating the collectability of individual receivable balances
 the Company considers many factors
 including the age of the balance
 the customer&#8217;s payment history
 its current credit-worthiness and current economic trends.
        


            
          

          Inventories are stated at the lower of cost
 determined on a weighted average basis
 or market. Costs of inventories include purchase and related costs incurred in bringing the products to their present location and condition. Market value is determined by reference to selling prices after the balance sheet date or to management&#8217;s estimates based on prevailing market conditions. Management will write down the inventories to market value if it is below cost. Management also regularly evaluates the composition of its inventories to identify slow-moving and obsolete inventories to determine if a valuation allowance is required.
        


            
          

          The Company evaluates all its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative instruments that are accounted for as liabilities
 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and is then revalued at each reporting date
 with changes in the fair value reported in the consolidated statements of income. For stock-based derivative financial instruments
 the Company uses Monte-Carlo simulation methods to value the derivative instruments at inception and on subsequent valuation dates.
        



 plant and equipment
          

          Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses
 if any. Gains or losses on disposals are reflected as gain or loss in the year of disposal. The cost of improvements that extend the life of property
 plant and equipment are capitalized. These capitalized costs may include structural improvements
 equipment and fixtures. All ordinary repair and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred.
        
        


                
                


                
                


                

                  20
                  -
                  40



                

                  5
                  -
                  10



                

                  5





            
          
          The Company&#8217;s intangible assets include a ten-year exclusive right to use a proprietary process and computer software. The Company&#8217;s amortization policy on intangible assets is as follows:
        


                
                


                
                


                

                  10



                

                  4




 &#8220;General Intangibles Other Than Goodwill&#8221;. Under ASC 350-30-35
 intangibles with definite lives continue to be amortized on a straight-line basis over the lesser of their estimated useful lives or contractual terms. Under FASB ASU No.2012-02 Intangible-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350)
 the Company assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative impairment test. The Company would not be required to calculate the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset unless the Company determines
 based on a qualitative assessment
 that it is not more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If the qualitative assessment fails
 intangibles with indefinite lives are further evaluated quantitatively for impairment by comparing the asset&#8217;s estimated fair value with its carrying value
 based on cash flow valuation methodology.


            
          

          The Company reviews and evaluates its long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts may not be recoverable. An impairment is considered to exist if the total estimated future cash flows on an undiscounted basis are less than the carrying amount of the assets
 including goodwill
 if any. An impairment loss is measured and recorded based on discounted estimated future cash flows. In estimating future cash flows
 assets are grouped at the lowest level for which there is identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of future cash flows from other asset groups.
        


            
          

          Revenue is recognized when the following four revenue criteria are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 the selling price is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured.
        

 sales discounts and returns at the time when the merchandise is delivered to the customer. Based on historical experience
 management estimates that sales returns are immaterial and has not recorded an allowance for estimated sales returns.


            
          

          The Company accounts for share-based compensation awards to employees in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718
 &#8220;Compensation &#8211; Stock Compensation&#8221;
 which requires that share-based payment transactions with employees be measured based on the grant-date fair value of the equity instrument issued and recognized as compensation expense over the requisite service period.
        

 &#8220;Equity-Based Payments to Non-employees&#8221;. Under FASB ASC Topic 718 and FASB ASC Subtopic 505-50
 stock compensation granted to non-employees has been determined as the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of equity instrument issued
 whichever is more reliably measured and is recognized as expenses as the goods or services are received.


            
          
          The Company is subject to income taxes in the United States and other foreign jurisdictions where it operates. The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 740
 &#8220;Income Taxes&#8221;. FASB ASC Topic 740 requires an asset and liability approach for financial accounting and reporting for income taxes and allows recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets based upon the likelihood of realization of tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits
 or that future deductibility is uncertain.
        

 classification of current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities
 accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax positions
 accounting for income taxes in interim periods and income tax disclosures.


            
          
          Research and development costs are expensed as incurred
 and are charged to general and administrative expenses. Research and development costs were $159
229
          and $173
881
          for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.
        


            
          
          The Company expenses all advertising costs as incurred. Advertising costs charged to selling expenses were
          nil
          and $10
437
          for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.
        


            
          
          Substantially all costs of shipping and handling of products to customers are included in selling expense. Shipping and handling costs for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 were insignificant.
        


            
          
          FASB ASC Topic 220
 &#8220;Comprehensive Income&#8221;
 establishes standards for reporting and displaying comprehensive income and its components in the consolidated financial statements. Accumulated other comprehensive income includes foreign currency translation adjustments.
        


            
          
          The Company uses the United States dollar (&#8220;US Dollar&#8221; or &#8220;US$&#8221; or &#8220;$&#8221;) for financial reporting purposes. The PRC subsidiaries and VIEs within the Company maintain their books and records in their functional currency
 Chinese Renminbi (&#8220;RMB&#8221;)
 being the lawful currency in the PRC. Assets and liabilities of the PRC subsidiaries and VIEs are translated from RMB into US Dollars using the applicable exchange rates prevailing at the balance sheet date. Items on the statements of income and cash flows are translated at average exchange rates during the reporting period. Equity accounts are translated at historical rates. Adjustments resulting from the translation of the Company&#8217;s financial statements are recorded as accumulated other comprehensive income.
        
        


                
                


                
                


                




                

                  US$1
                  =RMB6.1190

                
                

                  US$1
                  =RMB6.0969

                


                
                

                  US$1
                  =RMB6.1428

                
                

                  US$1
                  =RMB6.1932

                



 or could be
 converted into US Dollars at the above rates. The value of RMB against US dollars and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by
 among other things
 changes in China&#8217;s political and economic conditions. Any significant revaluation of RMB may materially affect the Company&#8217;s financial condition in terms of US Dollar reporting.


            
          
          The Company follows FASB ASC Topic 280
 &#8220;Segment Reporting&#8221;
 which requires that companies disclose segment data based on how management makes decisions about allocating resources to segments and evaluating their performance.
        

 2014 and 2013
 it operated in three business segments &#8211; growing and sales of Cordyceps Militaris
 which is widely used for Chinese medicine; manufacturing and sale of functional health beverages featuring the Cordyceps Militaris as a core ingredient; and sales of organic and specialty products. The manufacturing and sale of Cordyceps Militaris functional health beverages was launched in the fourth quarter of 2010.

 2014 and 2013
 all of the Company&#8217;s operations were carried out in one geographical segment - China.


            
          
          The Company reports earnings per share in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 260
 Earnings per Share. FASB ASC Topic 260 requires presentation of basic and diluted earnings per share in conjunction with the disclosure of the methodology used in computing such earnings per share. Basic earnings per share excludes dilution and is computed by dividing income available to common stockholders by the weighted average common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share takes into account the potential dilution (using the treasury stock method) that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised and converted into common stock.
        


            
          
          The Company follows FASB ASC Subtopic 450-20
 &#8220;Loss Contingencies&#8221; in determining its accruals and disclosures with respect to loss contingencies. Accordingly
 estimated losses from loss contingencies are accrued by a charge to income when information available prior to issuance of the financial statements indicates that it is probable that a liability could be incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Legal expenses associated with the contingency are expensed as incurred. If a loss contingency is not probable or reasonably estimable
 disclosure of the loss contingency is made in the financial statements when it is at least reasonably possible that a material loss could be incurred.
        


            
          
          In April 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-08 &#8220;Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (Topic 360) - Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity&#8221;
 which changes the threshold for reporting discontinued operations and adds new disclosures. The new guidance defines a discontinued operation as a disposal that &#8220;represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity&#8217;s operations and financial results.&#8221; The standard is required to be adopted by public business entities in annual periods beginning on or after December 15
 2014
 and interim periods within those annual periods. Entities may &#8220;early adopt&#8221; the guidance for new disposals. The Company is currently evaluating the impact on its consolidated financial statements of adopting this guidance.
        

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) which clarifies and improves the principles for recognizing revenue and develops a common revenue standard for United States generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP) and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) that among other things
 improves comparability of revenue recognition practices and provides more useful information to users of financial statements through improved disclosure requirements. The amendments in ASU 2014-09 are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that reporting period. Early application is not permitted. The Company is currently reviewing the impact on its consolidated financial statements of adopting this guidance.

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-12
 Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718) which provides explicit guidance on the treatment of awards with performance targets that could be achieved after the requisite service period. The amendments in ASU 2014-12 are effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15
 2015. The Company does not expect that the adoption will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 Presentation of Financial Statements &#8211; Going Concern. This standard requires management to evaluate for each annual and interim reporting period whether it is probable that the reporting entity will not be able to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. If the entity is in such a position
 the standard provides for certain disclosures depending on whether or not the entity will be able to successfully mitigate its going concern status. This guideline is effective for annual periods ending after December 15
 2016 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016. Early application is permitted. The Company does not expect that the adoption will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.
      Other accounting standards that have been issued or proposed by the FASB or other standards-setting bodies that do not require adoption until a future date are not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements upon adoption.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

          
          




          


          
          

            

          
          

            

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          

            1
470
434

          
          

            1
271
672

          



            Other receivables
 net of $nil
            allowance

          

            19
366

          
          

            28
340

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          

            



              1
489
800
            

          

            



              1
300
012
            

          

    




        
          

        
          
            

 and will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer; the aggregate carrying amount of current assets
 not separately presented elsewhere in the balance sheet; and other deferred costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

          
          
          


 2014

          
          


 2013

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          

 Chairperson

          

            511
054

          
          

            265
223

          

    




        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners and (d) affiliates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
$ 6
072
219


        
5
293
016


        
$ 232
320


        
2
019




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
$ 3
524
342


        
(718
698)


        
(1
143
198)


        
1
143
198


        
2
805
644


        
(85
546)


        
2
720
098


        
(689
392)


        
2
030
706


        
(509
535)


        
1
521
171


        
2
121
938


        
(418
668)


        
(644
532)


        
644
532


        
1
703
270


        
(1
052
162)


        
651
108


        
(104
490)


        
546
618


        
(67
141)


        
479
477


        
(226
876)


        
$ 252
601




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
$ 126
542
564
$ 102
599
186


        
93
066
56
922


        
635
409
691
847


        
1
489
800
1
300
012


        
128
760
839
104
647
967


        
        
        


Intangible assets
 net
613
315
1
107
737


Property
 plant and equipment
 net
14
424
942
15
481
249


        
143
799
096
121
236
953


        
        
        


        
990
290
1
167
957


        
2
748
583
2
879
172


        
511
054
265
223


        
690
662
738
903


        
4
940
589
5
051
255


        
4
940
589
5
051
255


        
        
        


        
        
        


Preferred Stock
 $0.001 par value
 1
000
000 shares authorized
 77
776 shares and 110
066 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively; aggregate liquidation preference amount: $2
177
728 and $3
081
848
 plus accrued but unpaid dividend of $690
662 and $738
903
 at December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
1
773
772
2
510
183


Common stock
 $0.001 par value
 190
000
000 shares authorized
 16
953
541 shares issued and 16
909
986 shares outstanding at December 31
 2014; 16
421
161 shares issued and 16
377
606 shares outstanding at December 31
 2013
16
954
16
422


        
21
122
372
19
934
551


        
4
989
033
4
983
935


Treasury stock
 at cost
 43
555 shares as of December 31
 2014 and 2013
(78
767)
(78
767)


        
102
783
308
80
242
877


        
8
251
835
8
576
497


        
138
858
507
116
185
698


        
$ 143
799
096
$ 121
236
953




        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
              
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including trade payables
 incurred through that date and due within one year (or in the operating cycle if longer) arising from transactions not otherwise specified in the taxonomy.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if different) of the state or country.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sales
 use
 payroll
 excise
 real
 property and other taxes. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased by the entity
 and are held in its treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
50
000
000


        
190
000
000


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
$ 22
719
774
$ 22
170
370


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
1
485
039
1
473
496


        
137
085
801
396


        
92
371
17
804


        
        
        


        
(36
209)
26
676


        
53
730
298
548


        
(193
731)
61
626


        
        
        


        
(173
184)
        


        
237
956
(351
591)


        
(119
724)
(191
162)


        
24
203
107
24
306
990


        
        
        


        
16
637
46
173


        
16
637
46
173


        
(276
366)
2
719
490


        
23
943
378
27
072
653


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
 at the beginning of the period
102
599
186
75
526
533


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
 at the end of the period
126
542
564
102
599
186


        
        
        


        
958
897
86
279


        
174
245
229
513


        
137
085
801
396


        
92
371
17
804


        
        
        


        
$ 7
970
444
$ 7
683
689




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including income
 property and other taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entities' management; an entity and its principal owners
 management
 or member of their immediate families; affiliates; or other parties with the ability to exert significant influence.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 deferred expenses
 intangible assets
 or income taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 include
 but are not limited to
 affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 and pension trusts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
$ 98
000


        
$ 31
935


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
46
410


        
40
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

OTHER PAYABLES
 ACCRUALS AND TAXES PAYABLE (Tables)

        

      






        
        

          
          




          


          
          

            

          
          

            

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          

            943
700

          
          

            1
086
644

          


          
          

            46
590

          
          

            81
313

          


          

            



              990
290
            

          

            



              1
167
957
            

          

    


        
        

          
          




          


          
          

            

          
          

            

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          

            423
818

          
          

            451
340

          


          
          

            2
207
274

          
          

            2
316
261

          


          
          

            117
491

          
          

            111
571

          


          

            



              2
748
583
            

          

            



              2
879
172
            

          

    




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). An alternative caption includes accrued expenses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
$ 169
025


        
240
498


        
432
322


        
404
190


        
34
062


        
47
159


        
635
409


        
$ 691
847




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
      
    

      
      )&#160;
      
    

      As of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 approximately
      99.9% and
      99.8%
 respectively of the Company&#8217;s cash including cash on hand and deposits in accounts are maintained with one financial institution within the PRC where there is currently no rule or regulation in place for obligatory insurance to cover such bank deposits in the event of bank failure. However
 the Company has not experienced any losses in this financial institution and monitors the soundness and the credit ratings of this financial institution on a periodic basis
 thus believes it is currently not exposed to any material risks on its bank deposits in bank accounts with this financial institution.
    

 2014 and 2013
 all of the Company&#8217;s sales arose in the PRC. In addition
 all accounts receivable as of December 31
 2014 and 2013 also arose in the PRC.

      The following individual customer accounted for
      10% or more of the Group&#8217;s revenues for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013:
    


              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              

                26%

              
              

                24%

              



      Individual customer accounts receivable that represented
      10% or more of total accounts receivable as of December 31
 2014 and 2013 were as follows:
    


              
              
              
              


              
              


              
              


              


              
              

                55.4%

              
              

                30.0%

              




              

                17.3%

              
              

                27.5%

              




              

                15.5%

              
              

                -

              


              
              

                11.8%

              
              

                -

              



 2014 and 2013
 all of the Company&#8217;s purchases arose in the PRC. In addition
 all accounts payable as of December 31
2014 and 2013 also arose in the PRC.

      The following suppliers accounted for
      10% or more of the Company&#8217;s procurement for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013:
    


              
              

                

              
              

                

              




              

                27.3%

              
              

                -

              


              
              

                23.3%

              
              

                20.9%

              


              
              

                20.5%

              
              

                23.1%

              



      No individual supplier accounted for
      10% or more of total accounts payable as of December 31
 2014 and 2013.
    

      
    

 economic
 and other risks and uncertainties inherent in China. Among other risks
 the Company&#8217;s operations and assets are subject to the risks of restrictions on transfer of funds; export duties
 quotas
 and embargoes; domestic and international customs and tariffs; changing taxation policies; foreign exchange restrictions; and political conditions and governmental regulations.




        
          

        
          
            

 near-term
 severe impact. This disclosure informs financial statement users about the general nature of the risk associated with the concentration
 and may indicate the percentage of concentration risk as of the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        



          

            3
524
342

          

        
          
          
          
          


          
          

            (718
698

          

        
          
          
          
          


          
          

            (1
143
198

          

        
          
          
          
          


          
          

            1
143
198

          

        
          
          
          
          




          

            2
805
644

          

        
          
          
          
          


          
          

            (85
546

          

        
          
          
          
          




          

            2
720
098

          

        
          
          
          
          


          
          

            (689
392

          

        
          
          
          
          




          

            2
030
706

          

        
          
          
          
          


          
          

            (509
535

          

        
          
          
          
          




          

            &#160;

              1
521
171
            

          

        
          
          
          
          




          

            2
121
938

          

        
          
          
          
          


          
          

            (418
668

          

        
          
          
          
          


          
          

            (644
532

          

        
          
          
          
          


          
          

            644
532

          

        
          
          
          
          




          

            1
703
270

          

        
          
          
          
          


          
          

            (1
052
162

          

        
          
          
          
          




          

            651
108

          

        
          
          
          
          


          
          

            (104
490

          

        
          
          
          
          




          

            546
618

          

        
          
          
          
          


          
          

            (67
141

          

        
          
          
          
          




          

            479
477

          

        
          
          
          
          


          
          

            (226
876

          

        
          
          
          
          




          

            &#160;

              252
601
            

          

    




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
      
    

 &#8220;Cordyceps Militaris&#8221;
 &#8220;beverages&#8221; and &#8220;organic and specialty food products&#8221;. The Cordyceps Militaris segment consists of the growing and sales of Cordyceps Militaris
 which business is conducted through Daqing Shuaiyi. The beverages segment consists of the manufacturing of functional health beverages featuring the Cordyceps Militaris as a core ingredient
 which business is also conducted through Daqing Shuaiyi and was launched in the fourth quarter of 2010. The organic and specialty food products segment consists of the sales of rice
 flour
 silage corn and other agricultural products which business is mainly conducted through Harbin Shuaiyi.

 2014 and 2013
 all of the Company&#8217;s operations were carried out in one geographical segment - China.

 2014 and 2013 are as follows:



                
                


 2014

                


                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                

                  

                
                
                
                
                
                
                


                
                

                  

                
                
                
                
                

                  

                
                

                  

                
                
                
                


                
                

                  

                
                

                  

                
                

                  

                
                

                  

                
                

                  

                

              
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                


                
                

                  37
050
283

                
                

                  4
004
030

                
                

                  2
273
905

                
                

                  &#160;
                  -

                
                

                  43
328
218

                

              
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                


                
                

                  29
631
402

                
                

                  1
754
050

                
                

                  222
893

                
                

                  (1
018
357

                
                

                  30
589
988

                


                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                

                  30
589
988

                

              
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                


                
                

                  140
444
763

                
                

                  62
276

                
                

                  1
538
150

                
                

                  1
753
907

                
                

                  143
799
096

                


                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                

                  143
799
096

                

              
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                


                
                

                  1
373
914

                
                

                  5
562

                
                

                  1
391

                
                

                  104
172

                
                

                  1
485
039

                


                
                

                  &#160;
                  -

                
                

                  &#160;
                  -

                
                

                  -

                
                

                  &#160;
                  -

                
                

                  &#160;
                  -

                







                
                


 2013

                


                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                

                  

                
                
                
                
                
                
                


                
                

                  

                
                
                
                
                

                  

                
                

                  

                
                
                
                


                
                

                  

                
                

                  

                
                

                  

                
                

                  

                
                

                  

                

              
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                


                
                

                  33
685
828

                
                

                  7
474
342

                
                

                  2
188
819

                
                

                  &#160;
                  -

                
                

                  43
348
989

                

              
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                


                
                

                  26
860
209

                
                

                  4
495
175

                
                

                  276
024

                
                

                  (1
648
816

                
                

                  29
982
592

                


                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                

                  29
982
592

                

              
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                


                
                

                  117
852
173

                
                

                  62
501

                
                

                  1
313
194

                
                

                  2
009
085

                
                

                  121
236
953

                


                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                

                  121
236
953

                

              
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                


                
                

                  1
362
832

                
                

                  5
517

                
                

                  1
379

                
                

                  103
768

                
                

                  1
473
496

                


                
                
                
                
                

                  -

                
                

                  -

                
                

                  &#160;
                  -

                
                

                  &#160;
                  -

                


    




        
          

        
          
            

 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






Intangible Assets
 Net Schedule Of Estimated Expense Of The Intangible Assets 1
$ 490
421


Intangible Assets
 Net Schedule Of Estimated Expense Of The Intangible Assets 2
122
894


Intangible Assets
 Net Schedule Of Estimated Expense Of The Intangible Assets 3
$ 613
315




        
          

        
          
            

 Net Schedule Of Estimated Expense Of The Intangible Assets 3
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Net Schedule Of Estimated Expense Of The Intangible Assets 1
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Net Schedule Of Estimated Expense Of The Intangible Assets 2
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
      
      &#160;
      
    

 2002. On December 23
 2008
 the Company completed a reverse acquisition with New Zealand WAYNE&#8217;S New Resources Development Co.
 Ltd. (&#8220;New Resources&#8221;). As a result of the reverse acquisition with New Resources
 the Company is no longer a shell company and active business operations have been revived. Nutrastar together with its subsidiaries and affiliates as described below are referred to as the &#8220;Company&#8221;.

      On May 19
 2009
 the Company filed Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation with the State of Nevada to amend the Company&#8217;s Articles of Incorporation to
 among other things
 (1) change the name of the Company from &#8220;YzApp International Inc.&#8221; to &#8220;Shuaiyi International New Resources Development Inc.
&#8221; (2) increase the total number of shares of common stock that the Company has the authority to issue from
      50
000
000
      to
      190
000
000
      shares and (3) effect a one for
      114.59
      reverse split of the Company&#8217;s outstanding common stock.
    

 2010
 the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation with the State of Nevada
 pursuant to which the Company further changed its name from Shuaiyi International New Resources Development Inc. to Nutrastar International Inc.

 2010
 New Resources
 a wholly-owned British Virgin Islands subsidiary of the Company
 entered into an equity transfer agreement with the original founders of Heilongjiang Shuaiyi (the &#8220;Shuaiyi Founders&#8221;)
 pursuant to which New Resources transferred all of its equity interests in Heilongjiang Shuaiyi New Energy Development Co.
 Ltd. (&#8220;Heilongjiang Shuaiyi&#8221;)
 a then wholly-owned Chinese subsidiary of New Resources
 to the Shuaiyi Founders (the &#8220;Equity Transfer&#8221;).

 the Shuaiyi Founders
 the Company&#8217;s indirectly wholly-owned Chinese subsidiary incorporated on July 13
 2010
 Harbin Baixin Biotech Development Co.
 Ltd. (&#8220;Harbin Baixin&#8221;) and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi entered into the following commercial arrangements (the &#8220;Contractual Arrangement&#8221; and together with the Equity Transfer
 the &#8220;Restructuring&#8221;)
 pursuant to which the Company has contractual rights to control and operate the businesses of Heilongjiang Shuaiyi and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi's two wholly-owned Chinese subsidiaries
 Daqing Shuaiyi Biotech Co.
 Ltd. (&#8220;Daqing Shuaiyi&#8221;) and Harbin Shuaiyi Green &amp; Specialty Food Trading LLC (&#8220;Harbin Shuaiyi&#8221; and together with Heilongjiang Shuaiyi and Daqing Shuaiyi
 the &#8220;VIEs&#8221;):


        
      

      Pursuant to a technical service agreement
 entered into by and between Harbin Baixin and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Harbin Baixin will provide certain exclusive technical services to Heilongjiang Shuaiyi in exchange for the payment by Heilongjiang Shuaiyi of a service fee that is calculated based on the market price in light of the particulars of the service and the time of such service provided by Harbin Baixin (the &#8220;Service Agreement&#8221;);
    


        
      

      Pursuant to an exclusive purchase option agreement
 entered into by and among Harbin Baixin
 the Shuaiyi Founders and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 the Shuaiyi Founders granted to Harbin Baixin an option to purchase at any time during the term of this agreement
 all or part of the equity interests in Heilongjiang Shuaiyi (the &#8220;Equity Interests&#8221;)
 at the exercise price equal to the lowest possible price permitted by Chinese laws (the &#8220;Option Agreement&#8221;);
    


        
      

      Pursuant to a voting rights proxy agreement
 entered into by and among Harbin Baixin
 the Shuaiyi Founders and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 each of the Shuaiyi Founders irrevocably entrusted Harbin Baixin and any entities or individuals designated by Harbin Baixin to
 among others
 exercise its voting rights and other rights as a shareholder of Heilongjiang Shuaiyi (the &#8220;Voting Rights Agreement&#8221;); and
    


        
      

      Pursuant to an equity pledge agreement
 entered into by and among Harbin Baixin
 the Shuaiyi Founders and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 the Founders pledged all of the Equity Interests to Harbin Baixin to secure the full and complete performance of the obligations and liabilities on the part of the Shuaiyi Founders and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi under this and above contractual arrangements (the &#8220;Pledge Agreement&#8221; and together with the Service Agreement
 the Option Agreement
 the Voting Rights Agreement and the Equity Transfer Agreement
 the &#8220;Restructuring Documents&#8221;).
    

      As a result of the Restructuring
 the Company transferred all of its indirect equity interests in Heilongjiang Shuaiyi back to the Shuaiyi Founders
 among whom
 Ms. Lianyun Han became a majority shareholder of Heilongjiang Shuaiyi by owning a
      68.3% equity interest in Heilongjiang Shuaiyi. At the same time
 through the above contractual agreement
 the Company maintains substantial control over the VIEs&#8217; daily operations and financial affairs
 election of their senior executives and all matters requiring shareholder approval. As the primary beneficiary of the VIEs
 the Company is entitled to consolidate the financial results of the VIEs in its own consolidated financial statements under Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standard Codification (ASC) Topic 810 and related subtopics related to the consolidation of variable interest entities (collectively
 &#8220;ASC Topic 810&#8221;).
    

 2014
 details of the subsidiaries and affiliates of the Company are as follows:



                
                
                
                
                
                

                  

                
                


                
                

                  

                
                
                

                  

                
                



                  

                

                  

                

                  

                

                  

                

                  


              
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                



                  

                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                

              
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                



                  New Zealand WAYNE&#8217;S New Resources Development Co.
 Ltd

                  (&#8220;New Resources&#8221;)

                

                  British Virgin Islands

                  March 13
 2008

                

                  $50
000

                

                  100%

                
                

              
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                



                  Oriental Global Holdings Limited

                  (&#8220;Oriental Global&#8221;)

                

                  Hong Kong

                  May 28
 2010

                

                  $1

                

                  100%

                
                

              
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                




                

                  People&#8217;s Republic of China (&#8220;PRC&#8221;)

                  July 13
 2010

                

                  $3
000
000

                

                  100%

                



              
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                



                  

                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                

              
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                




                

                  PRC

                  July 11
 2006

                

                  RMB60
000
000

                

                  100%

                
                

              
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                



                  Daqing Shuaiyi Biotech Co. Ltd.

                  (&#8220;Daqing Shuaiyi&#8221;)

                

                  PRC

                  August 8
 2005

                

                  RMB50
000
000

                

                  100%

                

 which is widely used for Chinese medicine


              
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                



                  Harbin Shuaiyi Green and Specialty Food Trading LLC.

                  (&#8220;Harbin Shuaiyi&#8221;)

                

                  PRC

                  May 18
 2001

                

                  RMB1
500
000

                

                  100%

                
                


    




        
          

        
          
            

 descriptions of the basis of presentation
 business description
 significant accounting policies
 consolidations
 reclassifications
 new pronouncements not yet adopted and changes in accounting principles.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











Preferred Stock
 Par Value Per Share
        
        


Preferred Stock
 Shares Authorized
1
000
000
1
000
000


Preferred Stock
 Shares Issued
77
776
110
066


Preferred Stock
 Shares Outstanding
77
776
110
066


        
$ 2
177
728
$ 3
081
848


Unpaid Dividends
 Accrued
$ 690
662
$ 738
903


Common Stock
 Par Value Per Share
        
        


Common Stock
 Shares Authorized
190
000
000
190
000
000


Common Stock
 Shares
 Issued
16
953
541
16
421
161


Common Stock
 Shares
 Outstanding
16
909
986
16
377
606


Treasury stock
 at cost
43
555
43
555




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
      
    

      In accordance with the PRC Companies Law
 the Company&#8217;s PRC subsidiaries and VIEs are required to transfer
      10% of their profits after tax
 as determined in accordance with accounting standards and regulations of the PRC
 to the statutory surplus reserve. However
 the Company&#8217;s PRC subsidiaries and VIEs are not required to transfer any profit after tax to the statutory surplus reserve after the accumulated statutory surplus reserves reaches
      50% of registered capital of the Company&#8217;s PRC subsidiaries and VIEs. The statutory surplus reserve is non-distributable.
    




        
          

        
          
            

 or differences in results based on the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) prescribed practices
 or a combination thereof. Describes the accounting practices used and the related monetary effect on statutory surplus
 net income
 and risk-based capital. If an insurance enterprise's risk-based capital would have triggered a regulatory event had it not used a permitted practice
 that fact is disclosed in the financial statements. Permitted statutory accounting practices include practices not prescribed but allowed by the domiciliary state insurance department regulatory authority.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

  2014
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        
16
996
396
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
$ 19
690
000


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
      
    

      The Company was authorized to issue an aggregate of
      2
500
000
      shares of its common stock under the 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (&#8220;Plan&#8221;) as equity awards of incentive stock options
 non-statutory stock options
 restricted stock
 and other equity incentives to employees
 officers
 directors and consultants. The Plan expires in 2019 and as of December 31
 2014
 there were
      470
000
      shares of common stock available for grant pursuant to the Plan.
    


        
      
    

      On July 16
 2010
 the Company entered into a stock option agreement with Mr. Robert Tick (&#8220;Mr. Tick&#8221;)
 the Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 under the Company&#8217;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan. Pursuant to the terms of the stock option agreement
 Mr. Tick was granted options to purchase an aggregate of
      150
000
      shares of common stock of the Company
 consisting of
 an option to purchase
      75
000
      shares that vested in 2011 with an exercise price of $5.00
      per share
 and an option to purchase
      75
000
      shares that vested in 2012 with an exercise price of $7.00
      per share. Each of these options expires three years after their respective vesting dates.
    

      According to the stock option agreement
 in the event Mr. Tick&#8217;s employment with the Company is terminated for any reason except for death or disability
 he may exercise these options only to the extent that these options would have been exercisable on the termination date and no later than three months after the termination date. If Mr. Tick&#8217;s employment is terminated because of his death or disability
 these options may be exercised only to the extent that these options would have been exercisable by Mr. Tick on the termination date and must be exercised by Mr. Tick no later than twelve months after the termination date. If the employment is terminated for cause as defined in the stock option agreement
 these options will terminate immediately. In no event will these options be exercised later than December 31
 2015. As of December 31
 2014
 a total of
      75
000
      options granted on July 16
 2010
 which vested on or before December 31
 2011
 had expired.
    

      On January 24
 2011
 the Compensation Committee of the Board approved the repricing of the options that the Company granted to Mr. Tick on July 16
 2010. As a result
 each such option outstanding had an exercise price of $3.50
      per share which was higher than the closing price of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the OTC Bulletin Board on the date of repricing. In addition
 the vesting schedules of the outstanding options granted to Mr. Tick were changed from vesting on an annual basis to vesting on a semi-annual basis.
    

      On August 8
 2013
 the Company entered into a stock option agreement with Mr. Tick
 under the Company&#8217;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan. Pursuant to the terms of the stock option agreement
 Mr. Tick was granted options to purchase an aggregate of
      75
000
      shares of common stock of the Company
 consisting of
 an option to purchase
      37
500
      shares that vested in November 15
 2013 with an exercise price of $0.83
      per share
 and an option to purchase
      37
500
      shares that vested in April 15
 2014 with an exercise price of $0.83
      per share. Each of these options expires three years after their respective vesting dates.
    

 Stock Compensation
 the compensation costs associated with these options are recognized
 based on the grant-date fair values of these options
 over the requisite service period
 or vesting period. Also in accordance with ASC Topic 718
 incremental compensation cost is measured as the excess
 if any
 of the fair value of the modified award over the fair value of the original award immediately before its terms are modified. The fair value of the option award was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option valuation model. The valuation was based on the assumptions noted in the following table.


              

                73%



              

                0%



              

                1



              

                0.12%




 2014 and the movements during the two years then ended are as follows:


              
              
              
              
              

                

              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              

                

              
              

                

              
              

                

              
              

                

              


              
              

                

              
              

                

              
              

                

              
              

                

              


              
              

                

              
              

                

              
              

                

                  
                

              
              

                

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              




              

                150
000

              
              

                3.50

              
              

                -

              
              

                2.25

              


              
              

                75
000

              
              

                0.83

              
              

                96
750

              
              

                3.08

              


              
              

                -

              
              

                -

              
              

                -

              
              

                -

              


              
              

                -

              
              

                -

              
              

                -

              
              

                -

              


              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              

                -

              
              
              
              




              

                225
000

              
              

                2.61

              
              

                96
750

              
              


                  1.86
                

              


              
              

                -

              
              

                -

              
              

                -

              
              

                -

              


              
              

                -

              
              

                -

              
              

                -

              
              

                -

              


              
              

                (75
000

              
              

                3.50

              
              

                -

              
              

                -

              


              
              

                -

              
              

                -

              
              

                -

              
              

                -

              




 2014

              


                  150
000
                

              

                



                  2.17
                

              

                



                  57
000
                

              
              


                  1.41
                

              




 2014

              


                  150
000
                

              

                



                  2.17
                

              

                



                  57
000
                

              
              


                  1.41
                

              




        
          
          

              The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pre-tax intrinsic value that would have been realized by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options on December 31
 2014. The intrinsic value of a stock option is the excess of the Company&#8217;s closing stock price on December 31
 2014 of $1.59
              per share over the exercise price $0.83
              per share
 multiplied by the number of shares subject to the option.
            




      The Company recognized compensation expense of $7
371
      and $10
179
      in relation to the options granted to Mr. Tick for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.
    

      
    

      On July 16
 2010
 the Company also entered into a restricted shares grant agreement (the Restricted Shares Grant Agreement) under the Company&#8217;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan with Mr. Tick. Pursuant to the terms of the Restricted Shares Grant Agreement
 the Company granted to Mr. Tick
      150
000
      restricted shares (the &#8220;Restricted Shares&#8221;) of the Company&#8217;s common stock subject to the vesting schedule therein. If Mr. Tick&#8217;s service with the Company ceases for any reason other than Mr. Tick&#8217;s (a) death
 (b) disability
 (c) retirement
 or (d) termination by the Company without cause
 any unvested restricted shares will be automatically forfeited to the Company.
    

      On November 26
 2012
 the Company also entered into a restricted shares grant agreement (the Second Restricted Shares Grant Agreement) under the Company&#8217;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan with Mr. Tick. Pursuant to the terms of the Second Restricted Shares Grant Agreement
 the Company granted to Mr. Tick
      20
000
      restricted shares (the &#8220;Restricted Shares&#8221;) of the Company&#8217;s common stock subject to the vesting schedule therein. If Mr. Tick&#8217;s service with the Company ceases for any reason other than Mr. Tick&#8217;s (a) death
 (b) disability
 (c) retirement
 or (d) termination by the Company without cause
 any unvested restricted shares will be automatically forfeited to the Company. The Second Restricted Shares vested immediately upon grant
 on November 26
 2012.
    

      On August 8
 2013
 the Company entered into a restricted shares grant agreement (the Third Restricted Shares Grant Agreement) under the Company&#8217;s Plan with Mr. Tick. Pursuant to the terms of the Third Restricted Shares Grant Agreement
 the Company granted to Mr. Tick
      75
000
      restricted shares (the &#8220;Restricted Shares&#8221;) of the Company&#8217;s common stock subject to the vesting schedule therein. If Mr. Tick&#8217;s service with the Company ceases for any reason other than Mr. Tick&#8217;s (a) death
 (b) disability
 (c) retirement
 or (d) termination by the Company without cause
 any unvested restricted shares will be automatically forfeited to the Company. The Third Restricted Shares vested under the following schedule:
      37
500
      shares vested on November 15
 2013 and
      37
500
      shares vested on April 15
 2014.
    
    




                  
                



                  
                




                25
000






                25
000






                25
000






                25
000






                20
000






                25
000






                25
000






                37
500






                37
500






 provided that the compensation cost recognized at any date must at least equal the portion of the grant-date value of the award that is vested at that date. No compensation cost is recognized for instruments that are forfeited by the Company because a service condition or a performance condition is not satisfied.

      Accordingly
 the Company recognized compensation expense of $25
896
      and $111
771
 related to the restricted shares granted to Mr. Tick for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 based on the estimated grant-date fair value of the Company&#8217;s common stock of $0.83
      on August 8
 2013
 $1.15
      on November 26
 2012 and $3.00
      on July 16
 2010.
    

      
    

      On November 15
 2013
 the Company entered into a restricted shares grant agreement (the &#8220;Restricted Shares Grant Agreement&#8221;) under the Company&#8217;s Plans with eight employees. Pursuant to the terms of the Restricted Shares Grant Agreement
 the Company granted to these employees a total of
      350
000
      restricted shares to the Company&#8217;s common stock subject to the vesting schedule therein. If these employees&#8217; service with the Company ceases for any reason other than these employees&#8217; (a) death
 (b) disability
 (c) retirement
 or (d) termination by the Company without cause
 any unvested restricted shares will be automatically forfeited to the Company. The Restricted Shares vested immediately upon grant
 on November 15
 2013. The Company did not grant any restricted shares to employees in 2014.
    

 provided that the compensation cost recognized at any date must at least equal the portion of the grant-date value of the award that is vested at that date. No compensation cost is recognized for instruments that are forfeited by the Company because a service condition or a performance condition is not satisfied.

      Accordingly
 the Company recognized compensation expense of $612
500
      related to the restricted shares granted to these employees for the year ended December 31
 2013
 based on the estimated grant-date fair value of the Company&#8217;s common stock of $1.75
      on November 15
 2013.
    

      
    

      On October 5
 2010
 the Company entered into separate restricted shares grant agreements with the Company&#8217;s newly elected independent directors Mr. Henry Ngan
 Ms. Virginia P&#8217;an and Mr. Jianbing Zhong. Pursuant the agreements
 the Company granted
 under the Company&#8217;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan
 to Mr. Ngan
      40
000
      restricted shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock
 Ms. P&#8217;an
      30
000
      restricted shares and Mr. Zhong
      20
000
      restricted shares
 as compensation for the services to be provided by them as independent directors.
    

      On January 24
 2011
 the Company entered into an independent director contract and an indemnification agreement with Mr. Kurtzig
 whereby the Company agreed to grant
 under the Company&#8217;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan
 to Mr. Kurtzig
      20
000
      restricted shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock as compensation for the services to be provided by him and indemnify Mr. Kurtzig against expenses
 judgments
 fines
 penalties or other amounts actually and reasonably incurred by Mr. Kurtzig in connection with any proceeding if Mr. Kurtzig acted in good faith and in the best interests of the Company.
    

      On August 11
 2011
 the Company entered into a restricted shares grant agreement with Mr. Kurtzig
 whereby the Company agreed to grant
 under the Company&#8217;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan
 to Mr. Kurtzig
      10
000
      restricted shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock as compensation for the services to be provided by him.
    

      On November 26
 2012
 the Company entered into separate restricted shares grant agreements with the Company&#8217;s independent directors Mr. Henry Ngan
 Ms. Virginia P&#8217;an
 Mr. Jianbing Zhong and Mr. Richard E. Fearon
 Jr. Pursuant the agreements
 the Company granted
 under the Company&#8217;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan
 to Mr. Ngan
      30
000
      restricted shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock
 Ms. P&#8217;an
      30
000
      restricted shares
 Mr. Zhong
      20
000
      restricted shares and to Mr. Fearon
 Jr.
      20
000
      restricted shares
 as compensation for the services to be provided by them as independent directors.
    

      On August 15
 2014
 the Company entered into separate restricted shares grant agreements with the Company&#8217;s independent directors Mr. Henry Ngan
 Ms. Virginia P&#8217;an
 Mr. Jianbing Zhong and Mr. Richard E. Fearon
 Jr. Pursuant to the agreements
 the Company granted
 under the Company&#8217;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan
      40
000
      restricted shares to each person
 as compensation for the services to be provided by them as independent directors.
    

 (b) disability
 (c) retirement
 or (d) termination by the Company without cause
 any unvested restricted shares will be

      automatically forfeited to the Company. On November 26
 2012
 Mr. Kurtzig resigned as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company. As a result
 the
      5
000
      unvested restricted shares have been automatically forfeited to the Company.
    

      Accordingly
 the Company recognized a total compensation expense of $103
818
      and $66
946
      related to the restricted shares granted to the directors for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 based on the estimated grant-date fair values of the Company&#8217;s common stock of $1.15
      on November 26
 2012 and $2.05
      on August 15
 2014.
    

      
    

      On August 3
 2013
 the Company entered into an investor relations agreement (the &#8220;Agreement&#8221;) under the Company&#8217;s Plans with a consultant. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement
 the Company granted a total of
      25
000
      unregistered shares to the Company&#8217;s investor relations consultant for consulting services provided by the consultant during the period August 2013 to June 2014. The Company issued
      15
000
      shares on September 16
 2013 (vesting date) and issued another
      10
000
      unregistered shares on Jan 1
 2014. The Company recognized total compensation expense of $23
746
      and $17
804
      for the year ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 based on the fair values of the Company&#8217;s common stock of US$1.05
      on September 16
 2013 for the
      15
000
      shares issued and the fair value of the Company&#8217;s common stock of $2.58
      on January 1
 2014 for the
      10
000
      shares issued. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement
 if during any three-month period
 the Average Closing Price is $2.00
      per share or greater
 the Company shall issue
      12
500
      (twelve thousand five hundred) Incentive Shares to the consultant. During the first three-month period of 2014
 the Average Closing Price is $2.84
      per share. The Company then issued
      12
500
      shares to the consultant on April 2
 2014. The Company recognized total compensation expense of $29
625
      and
      nil
      for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 based on the fair values of the Company&#8217;s common stock of US$2.37
      on April 2
 2014 for the
      12
500
      shares issued.
    

      On August 15
 2014
 the Company and American Capital Ventures (the &#8220;Consultant&#8221;) entered into an Investor Relations Agreement (the &#8220;2014 Agreement&#8221;). The Company retained the Consulting Services provided by the Consultant from August 15
 2014 to June 30
 2015. Pursuant to the terms of the 2014 Agreement
 the Company has agreed to issue up to
      60
000
      shares of unregistered common stock to the consultant and its designee
 among which
      20
000
      shares were earned and vested as of August 18
 2014. During the service period
 the consultant is entitled to receive additional
      15
000
      unregistered shares of common stock if the average closing price of the common stock as reported on the Over-the Counter Bulletin Board or any other market on which the common stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question (the &#8220;Average Closing Price&#8221;) is at or above $3.00
      but lower than $4.00. The consultant is entitled to receive further
      25
000
      unregistered shares of common stock if the Average Closing Price is $4.00
      per share or greater and the company qualifies
 files and is approved for a NASDAQ uplisting. The Company recognized total compensation expense of $39
000
      and $nil
      for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 based on the fair values of the Company&#8217;s common stock of US$1.95
      on September 22
 2014 for the
      20
000
      shares issued.
    




        
          

        
          
            

 typically comprised of the amount of unearned compensation (deferred compensation cost)
 compensation expense
 and changes in the quantity and fair value of the shares (or other type of equity) granted
 exercised
 forfeited
 and issued and outstanding pertaining to that plan.  Disclosure may also include nature and general terms of such arrangements that existed during the period and potential effects of those arrangements on shareholders
 effect of compensation cost arising from equity-based payment arrangements on the income statement
 method of estimating the fair value of the goods or services received
 or the fair value of the equity instruments granted
 during the period
 cash flow effects resulting from equity-based payment arrangements and
 for registrants that accelerate vesting of out of the money share options
 reasons for the decision to accelerate.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
$ 511
054


        
$ 265
223




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
$ 43
328
218
$ 43
348
989


        
(9
315
526)
(9
633
349)


        
34
012
692
33
715
640


        
(1
467
320)
(1
848
488)


        
(2
376
873)
(3
216
459)


        
        
934
855


        
30
168
499
29
585
548


        
        
        


        
399
696
324
145


        
(10
765)
64
653


        
        
        


        
32
558
8
073


        
421
489
397
044


        
30
589
988
29
982
592


        
(7
870
214)
(7
812
222)


        
22
719
774
22
170
370


        
        
        


        
(324
662)
3
109
485


        
$ 22
395
112
$ 25
279
855


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
16
827
010
15
949
537


        
17
699
589
17
089
460




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before tax effects.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature
 attributable to parent entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income recognized for the period. Such amounts may include: (a) dividends
 (b) interest on securities
 (c) profits on securities (net of losses)
 and (d) miscellaneous other income items.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
      
    
    


              
              




              


              
              

                

              
              

                

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              

                1
470
434

              
              

                1
271
672

              



                Other receivables
 net of $nil
                allowance

              

                19
366

              
              

                28
340

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              

                



                  1
489
800
                

              

                



                  1
300
012
                

              

        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
      
    
    


              
              




              


              
              

                

              
              

                

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              

                169
025

              
              

                240
498

              


              
              

                432
322

              
              

                404
190

              


              
              

                34
062

              
              

                47
159

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              



                


                



                  635
409
                

              

                



                  691
847
                

              

        




        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the major classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. If inventory is stated above cost
 accrued net losses on firm purchase commitments for inventory and losses resulting from valuing inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market may also be included. For LIFO inventory
 may disclose the amount and basis for determining the excess of replacement or current cost over stated LIFO value and the effects of a LIFO quantities liquidation that impacts net income.
              
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
      
    

      

        
      
    

 Shuaiyi Technology (see 15(b))
 respectively
 for the purposes of the operation of its VIEs. The Company&#8217;s commitments for minimum lease payments under these operating leases for the next five years and thereafter as of December 31
 2014 are as follows:




              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              

                59
078

              
              

                14
300

              
              

                73
378

              


              
              

                59
078

              
              

                -

              
              

                59
078

              


              
              

                59
078

              
              

                -

              
              

                59
078

              


              
              

                59
078

              
              

                -

              
              

                59
078

              


              
              

                59
078

              
              
              
              
              

                59
078

              


              
              

                668
737

              
              

                -

              
              

                668
737

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              

                &#160;

                  964
127
                

              

                



                  14
300
                

              

                



                  978
427
                

              



      During the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 rental expenses under operating leases amounted to $100
602
      and $117
664
 respectively.
    

      
    

 the Company&#8217;s subsidiaries and VIEs in the PRC are required to contribute to medical
 retirement and unemployment insurance programs for its employees. We have recorded accruals for the probable estimated liability for approximately the past two years. However
 in the past we did not provide for contributions for our temporary employees. If the PRC regulatory authorities take the view that we were required to make contributions to the social insurance and housing accumulation funds for our temporary employees
 our failure to make previous payments may be in violation of applicable PRC labor laws and PRC governmental authorities may impose penalties on us for failure to comply. In addition
 in the event that any current or former employee files a complaint with the PRC government
 we may be subject to making up the contributions to the social insurance and housing accumulation funds as well as paying administrative fines. As the Company does not currently believe that it is probable that these additional contributions and fines would be material and
 furthermore
 cannot be reasonably estimated
 no additional provision has been made in this regard.

      
      )
      
    

 2010
 the Company entered into an indemnification agreement with each of its newly elected independent directors
 Mr. Henry Ngan
 Ms. Virginia P&#8217;an and Mr. Jianbing Zhong
 pursuant to which the Company agreed to indemnify the independent directors against expenses
 judgments
 fines
 penalties or other amounts actually and reasonably incurred by the Independent directors in connection with any proceeding if the independent directors acted in good faith and in the best interests of the Company.

 2010
 the Company entered into an indemnification agreement with Mr. Tick pursuant to which the Company agreed to indemnify Mr. Tick against expenses
 judgments
 fines
 penalties or other amounts actually and reasonably incurred by Mr. Tick in connection with any proceeding if Mr. Tick acted in good faith and in the best interests of the Company.

 2011
 the Company entered into an indemnification agreement with Mr. Joshua Kurtzig
 its newly elected independent director
 pursuant to which the Company agreed to indemnify Mr. Kurtzig against expenses
 judgments
 fines
 penalties or other amounts actually and reasonably incurred by the independent director in connection with any proceeding if the independent director acted in good faith and in the best interests of the Company. Mr. Kurtzig resigned from the Company&#8217;s Board effective November 26
 2012.

 2012
 the Company entered into an indemnification agreement with Mr. Richard E. Fearon
 Jr.
 its newly elected independent director
 pursuant to which the Company agreed to indemnify Mr. Fearon
 Jr. against expenses
 judgments
 fines
 penalties or other amounts actually and reasonably incurred by the independent director in connection with any proceeding if the independent director acted in good faith and in the best interests of the Company.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
      
    

      The Company&#8217;s VIEs and subsidiaries incorporated in the PRC are subject to PRC enterprise income tax (&#8220;EIT&#8221;). Before January 1
 2008
 the PRC EIT rate was generally
      33%. In March 2007
 the PRC government enacted a new PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law
 or the New EIT Law
 and promulgated related regulations
 Implementation Regulations for the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law. The New EIT Law and Implementation Regulations became effective on January 1
 2008. The New EIT Law
 among other things
 imposes a unified income tax rate of
      25% for both domestic and foreign invested enterprises registered in the PRC.
    

      The New EIT Law provides a grandfathering on tax holidays which were granted under the then effective tax laws and regulations. Therefore
 one of the Company's VIEs
 Daqing Shuaiyi
 being engaged in growing and sales of organic and specialty food products
 continued to be entitled to a preferential tax treatment: an EIT holiday for the two years ended December 31
 2006 and 2007 and a
      50% reduction on the EIT rate for the three years ended December 31
 2008
 2009 and 2010.
    

      Daqing Shuaiyi
 Harbin Shuayi and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi are subject to an EIT rate of
      25% for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013. No provision for PRC taxes was made for Heilongjiang Shuaiyi which had no taxable income in the PRC.
    

      Harbin Baixin has been subject to an EIT rate of
      25% since its incorporation. No provision for PRC taxes was made as Harbin Baixin had no taxable income in the PRC.
    

 New Resources and Oriental Global has any taxable income in the U.S.
 British Virgin Islands or Hong Kong
 respectively.
    

            
              
              



                &#160; &#160; &#160;

              


              
              

                

              
              

                

              


              
              

                7
870
214

              
              

                7
812
222

              


              
              

                -

              
              

                -

              


              

                



                  7
870
214
                

              

                



                  7
812
222
                

              


    


              
              




              


              
              

                

              
              

                

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              

                30
589
988

              
              

                29
982
592

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              

                34%

              
              

                34%

              


              
              

                10
400
596

              
              

                10
194
081

              


              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              

                323
009

              
              

                542
884

              


              
              

                -

              
              

                (59

              


              
              

                (2
823
227

              
              

                (2
830
539

              


              
              

                (30
164

              
              

                (94
145

              


              
              

                7
870
214

              
              

                7
812
222

              


        


              
              


 2014

              
              


 2013

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              

                2
122
634

              
              

                1
799
625

              


              
              

                (2
122
634

              
              

                (1
799
625

              


              

                


                &#160;
                -

              

                


                &#160;
                -

              



      As of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 Nutrastar had $6
072
219
      and $5
293
016
 respectively
 of net operating loss carry forwards available to reduce future taxable income which will expire in various years through 2030. The Company's VIE entity
 Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 had $232
320
      net operating loss carry forwards as of December 31
 2014 available to offset future taxable income which will expire in various years through
      2019.&#160; Management believes it is more-likely-than-not that the Company will not realize these potential tax benefits as the Company&#8217;s U.S. operations will not generate any operating profits in the foreseeable future. Therefore
 the Company recorded a full valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets.
    

 2014 and 2013
 the Company has no material unrecognized tax benefits which would favorably affect the effective income tax rate in future periods and does not believe that there will be any significant increases or decreases of unrecognized tax benefits within the next twelve months. No interest or penalties relating to income tax matters have been imposed on the Company during the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 and no provision for interest and penalties is deemed necessary as of December 31
 2014 and 2013.

 the statute of limitations is three years if the underpayment of taxes is due to computational errors made by the taxpayer or its withholding agent. The statute of limitations extends to five years under special circumstances
 which are not clearly defined. In the case of a related party transaction
 the statute of limitation is ten years. There is no statute of limitation in the case of tax evasion.




        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
$ 59
078


        
14
300


        
73
378


        
59
078


        
        


        
59
078


        
59
078


        
        


        
59
078


        
59
078


        
        


        
59
078


        
59
078


        
59
078


        
668
737


        
        


        
668
737


        
964
127


        
14
300


        
$ 978
427




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

OTHER PAYABLES
 ACCRUALS AND TAXES PAYABLE

        

      






OTHER PAYABLES
 ACCRUALS AND TAXES PAYABLE [Text Block]
        

 ACCRUALS AND TAXES PAYABLE
    
    


              
              




              


              
              

                

              
              

                

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              

                943
700

              
              

                1
086
644

              


              
              

                46
590

              
              

                81
313

              


              

                



                  990
290
                

              

                



                  1
167
957
                

              



 fringe and social benefit accruals. According to the prevailing laws and regulations of the PRC
 all eligible employees of the Company&#8217;s subsidiaries and VIEs are entitled to staff welfare benefits including medical care
 welfare subsidies
 unemployment insurance and pension benefits through a PRC government-mandated multi-employer defined contribution plan (&#8220;social insurance&#8221;). The Company&#8217;s subsidiaries and VIEs are required to: i) accrue the social insurance based on certain percentages of the qualified employees&#8217; salaries; and ii) make contributions to the plans for the amounts accrued. For the past periods
 the Company&#8217;s subsidiaries and VIEs recorded the accrual amount but the actual social insurance plan was not established to receive the contribution. The recorded accruals for the social insurance reflected an estimate of the probable liability incurred based on the information available at the date of each financial statement.

      Upon establishment of the plans in December 2013
 the Company&#8217;s subsidiaries and VIEs began to contribute to the plans for all currently eligible employees. Based on the number of the eligible employees&#8217; salaries and the prevailing laws and regulations of PRC at that time
 the Company&#8217;s subsidiaries and VIEs re-measured the liabilities incurred to be $1
042
880. As a result
 the Company derecognized $934
855
      of previously accrued staff costs
 resulting in a gain on re-measurement of accrued staff fringe and social benefits and recorded that amount in the income statement in the year 2013. No re-measurement made for the year 2014.
    
    


              
              




              


              
              

                

              
              

                

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              

                423
818

              
              

                451
340

              


              
              

                2
207
274

              
              

                2
316
261

              


              
              

                117
491

              
              

                111
571

              


              

                



                  2
748
583
                

              

                



                  2
879
172
                

              

        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 20
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.20
24)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      


 2014

          



 2014

          



        
$ 50
000
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
3
000
000
        


        
        
        


        
        
60
000
000


        
        
        


        
        
50
000
000


        
        
        


        
        
 1
500
000


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET

        

      






INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET [Text Block]
        

 NET
    

 net consisted of the following:


              
              




              


              
              

                

              
              

                

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              




              

                1
623

              
              

                1
629

              




              

                4
904
731

              
              

                4
922
509

              


              
              

                (4
293
039

              
              

                (3
816
401

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              

                



                  613
315
                

              

                



                  1
107
737
                

              



      In April 2006
 the Company purchased from a third party a ten-year exclusive right to use a secret process and method in the cultivation and growing of Cordyceps Militaris
 which is widely used for traditional Chinese medicine
 for a cash consideration of RMB30
000
000
 payable over five years. The exclusive right is amortized over its term of ten years using the straight-line method.
    

      Amortization expense was $488
521
      and $484
640
      for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. The estimated expense of the intangible assets over each of the next two years will be:
    


              
              

                490
421

              


              
              

                122
894

              

            
              
              
              
              


              

                



                  613
315
                

              

        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 NET

        

      






PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 NET [Text Block]
        

 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 NET
    

 plant and equipment
 net consisted of the following:


              
              




              


              
              

                

              
              

                

              


              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              

                19
712
166

              
              

                19
783
618

              


              
              

                29
108

              
              

                29
213

              


              
              

                137
317

              
              

                137
815

              


              
              

                118
815

              
              

                119
246

              


              
              

                19
997
406

              
              

                20
069
892

              


              
              

                (5
572
464

              
              

                (4
588
643

              



                


                



                  14
424
942
                

              

                



                  15
481
249
                

              



      Depreciation expense was $996
518
      and $988
856
      for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 respectively.
    




        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
      
    

      
    

      On December 17
 2009
 the Company completed a private placement transaction and sold
      1
000
000
      shares of common stock to certain accredited investors at $2.50
      per share for a total of $2.5
      million pursuant to a securities purchase agreement. In addition
 the Company issued to each of the investors two warrants to purchase in aggregate
      500
000
      shares of common stock
 including a Series A warrant having a term of three years with an exercise price of $3.25
      per share and a Series B warrant having a term of three years with an exercise price of $4.00
      per share
 both of which are subject to the usual adjustments for certain corporate events.
    

      In addition
 pursuant to the securities purchase agreement
 the Shareholder agreed to place a total of
      1
000
000
      shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock held by it into escrow to secure the make good obligations described below on behalf of the investors. Under the securities purchase agreement
 the Shareholder agreed that: (i) in the event that the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements reflect less than $9
000
000
      of after-tax income for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2010
 it would transfer to the investors
 on a pro rata basis
 for no additional consideration
      500
000
      shares of common stock owned by it; and (ii) in the event that the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements reflect less than $11
000
000
      of after-tax net income for the fiscal year ending December 31
 2011
 it would transfer to the investors
 on a pro rata basis
 for no additional consideration
      500
000
      shares of common stock owned by it. The Company achieved the 2011 and 2010 performance threshold and no escrow shares had been transferred to the investors.
    

      On May 27
 2010
 the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement) with certain investors
 pursuant to which
 the Company agreed to issue and sell up to an aggregate of
      250
000
      units at a purchase price of $28.56
      per unit
 for an aggregate purchase price of up to $7
140
000
      (the Aggregate Purchase Price). Each unit consists of (i) one share of a newly designated series A preferred stock
 (Series A Preferred Stock)
 with an initial one-to-ten conversion ratio convertible into shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock
 (Common Stock)
 and (ii) warrants to purchase five shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $3.40
      per share (Warrants
 together with the shares of Series A Preferred Stock
 the Securities). In addition
 the Company and the investors agreed
 that the placement agent of this transaction
 will receive from the investors a fee equal to
      2% of the Aggregate Purchase Price and Warrants to purchase
      2% of the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be issued under the Securities Purchase Agreement are convertible into.
    

 the Company also granted registration rights to holders of registrable securities
 which include shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon conversion of shares of the Series A Preferred Stock and shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants (the Registrable Securities). Holders holding a majority of the Securities then outstanding may request the Company to file a registration statement to register the Registrable Securities within a pre-defined period (the Registration Statement). The Company may be subject to liquidated damages in the amounts prescribed by the Securities Purchase Agreement if it is unable to file the Registration Statement timely or maintain its effectiveness as required by the Securities Purchase Agreement.

      On June 7
 2010
 the Company effected the first closing of a private placement transaction and issued approximately
      123
403
      units at a purchase price of $28.56
      per unit for gross proceeds of $3
524
342.
    

      On June 28
 2010
 the Company effected the second closing of a private placement transaction and issued approximately
      74
303
      units at a purchase price of $28.56
      per unit for gross proceeds of $2
121
938.
    

      
    

      The guidance provided in ASC 470-20-30-5 has been applied to the amount allocated to the convertible Series A Preferred Stock
 and the effective conversion price has been used
 to measure the intrinsic value
 if any
 of the embedded conversion option. The fair value of the embedded conversion features of the Series A Preferred Stock of $1
143
198
      and $644
532
      were calculated using the intrinsic value model in accordance with the guidance provided in ASC Topic 470-20-30-6 (formerly EITF 00-27
 &#8220;Application of Issue No. 98-5 to Certain Convertible Instruments&#8221;) and limited to the amount of the proceeds allocated to the convertible instrument on June 7
 2010 and June 28
 2010
 respectively. The intrinsic value of the beneficial conversion feature was calculated by comparing the effective conversion price
 which was determined based on the proceeds from the private placement allocated to the convertible Series A Preferred Stock
 and the market price of the Company&#8217;s common stock of $3.20
      and $3.16
      on June 7
 2010 and June 28
 2010
 respectively. The fair value of $1
143
198
      and $644
532
      of the beneficial conversion feature has been recognized as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible Series A Preferred Stock and an addition to paid-in capital.
    
        





              

                3
524
342

              

            
              
              
              
              


              
              

                (718
698

              

            
              
              
              
              


              
              

                (1
143
198

              

            
              
              
              
              


              
              

                1
143
198

              

            
              
              
              
              




              

                2
805
644

              

            
              
              
              
              


              
              

                (85
546

              

            
              
              
              
              




              

                2
720
098

              

            
              
              
              
              


              
              

                (689
392

              

            
              
              
              
              




              

                2
030
706

              

            
              
              
              
              


              
              

                (509
535

              

            
              
              
              
              




              

                &#160;

                  1
521
171
                

              

            
              
              
              
              




              

                2
121
938

              

            
              
              
              
              


              
              

                (418
668

              

            
              
              
              
              


              
              

                (644
532

              

            
              
              
              
              


              
              

                644
532

              

            
              
              
              
              




              

                1
703
270

              

            
              
              
              
              


              
              

                (1
052
162

              

            
              
              
              
              




              

                651
108

              

            
              
              
              
              


              
              

                (104
490

              

            
              
              
              
              




              

                546
618

              

            
              
              
              
              


              
              

                (67
141

              

            
              
              
              
              




              

                479
477

              

            
              
              
              
              


              
              

                (226
876

              

            
              
              
              
              




              

                &#160;

                  252
601
                

              



 the discount on the Series A Preferred Stock resulting from the accounting for a beneficial conversion feature was amortized and charged to retained earnings
 because the Series A Preferred Stock is immediately convertible upon issuance and has no stated redemption date. Amortization of the discount resulting from the accounting for a beneficial conversion feature is considered analogous to a return to holders of perpetual preferred stock and has been accounted for as a reduction to net income available to common stockholders for the purpose of calculation of earnings per share.

      
    

      The Board of the Company is authorized
 without further action by the shareholders
 to issue
 from time to time
 up to
      1
000
000
      shares of preferred stock in one or more classes or series. Similarly
 the Board is authorized to fix or alter the designations
 powers
 preferences and the number of shares which constitute each such class or series of preferred stock. Such designations
 powers or preferences may include
 without limitation
 dividend rights (and whether dividends are cumulative)
 conversion rights
 if any
 voting rights (including the number of votes
 if any
 per share)
 redemption rights (including sinking fund provisions
 if any)
 and liquidation preferences of any unissued shares or wholly unissued series of preferred stock.
    

      On May 27
 2010
 the Company created
 from the authorized but unissued shares of its preferred stock
 a series of preferred stock consisting of
      300
000
      shares and has designated this series of preferred stock as the Series A Preferred Stock of which the Company issued
      197
706
      shares upon the closings of the private placement in 2010.
    
    

 but junior to all indebtedness of the Company.

      Dividend: Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to a cumulative dividend at an annual rate of
      6% of the Series A Preferred Stock
 payable in additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock
 compounded quarterly
 and payable upon the occurrence of a Liquidation Event
 Conversion
 Mandatory Conversion or from time-to-time at the discretion of the Board. When dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock are paid
 each such additional share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be valued at the Original Series A Purchase Price
 which may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to a split
 subdivision
 combination or other similar events.
    

      Optional Conversion: Shares of the Series A Preferred Stock are optionally convertible into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock at a conversion rate calculated by dividing (i) $28.00
      per share plus any declared
 accrued but unpaid dividends by (ii) the conversion price (the &#8220;Conversion Price&#8221;)
 which is initially $2.80
      per share
 subject to adjustment as provided in the Certificate. Initially
 each share of Series A Preferred Stock is convertible into
      10
      shares of Common Stock.
    

      Mandatory Conversion: All outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock will automatically convert to shares of Common Stock
 subject to the conversion restrictions set forth in the Certificate of Designation (the Mandatory Conversion)
 at the earlier to occur of (i) the Company&#8217;s shares of Common Stock are listed on the New York Stock Exchange
 the NYSE Amex
 the NASDAQ Global Market
 the NASDAQ Global Select Market or the NASDAQ Capital Market (each
 a National Stock Exchange) and the registration statement on Form S-1 or such other appropriate form promulgated by the SEC registering the Common Stock underlying the Securities pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement is declared effective by the Commission
 and (ii)
      12
      months from the date that the Company's shares of Common Stock are first listed on a National Stock Exchange.
    

 then such Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such issuance shall be adjusted to a price determined by multiplying such Conversion Price by a fraction:
    

 together with the Common Stock
 as a single class
 in connection with any proposal submitted to the Company&#8217;s stockholders
 except as required by Nevada law.

      Liquidation Preference: The Series A Preferred Stock has a preference over the Company&#8217;s common stock on the Company&#8217;s liquidation
 dissolution or winding up equal to $28
      per share of the Series A Preferred Stock plus any accrued but unpaid dividends thereon
 as of the date of liquidation.
    

      Registration Rights: The holders of Series A Preferred Stock have the right to request the Company to file a Registration Statement to register &#8220;Registrable Securities&#8221; (which include the common stock into which the Series A Preferred Stock and Warrants are convertible). Upon such request
 no later than
      30
      days upon receipt of such request (the &#8220;Required Filing Date&#8221;) the Company should use its commercially reasonable efforts to register the Common Stock underlying the Registrable Securities and have the Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC which is not later than the earlier of (x)
      150
      calendar days after the Required Filing Date
 or (y) if the Registration Statement is not reviewed by the SEC
      5
      business days after oral or written notice to the Company or its counsel from the SEC that there will not be a review.
    

      Effect of failure to file and obtain and maintain effectiveness of Registration Statement &#8211; the Company shall pay to each holder of Registrable Securities an amount in cash equal to
      1% of the aggregate purchase price of the Securities owned by such holder as liquidated damages
 but in no event shall liquidated damages exceed
      8% of the Purchase Price.
    

      
    

 without embodying an obligation for the Company to repurchase or to settle by transferring assets
 is not a liability in accordance with the guidance provided in ASC Topic 480
 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.

 the Series A Preferred Stock has no redemption clause at all
 it is not a mezzanine equity (out of permanent equity) in accordance with the requirement of ASC 480-10-S99.

 excluding the embedded conversion option
 are considered to be an equity instrument and accordingly
 the embedded conversion option has not been separated and accounted for as a derivative instrument liability.

      During the year ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
      32
290
      shares and
      2
944
      shares of Series A Preferred Stock were converted into
      322
900
      shares and
      29
440
      shares of common stock
 at a
      1
      for
      10
      ratio. In addition
 during the year ended December 31
 2014
      79
480
      shares and
      6
840
      shares of common stock were issued to the investors as settlement of stock dividends of $222
486
      and $19
138
 respectively.
    

      
    


        
      
    

      In connection with the issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock
 the Company issued Series C Warrants to the investors and the placement agent to purchase up to
      592
327
      and
      24
681
      shares
 respectively
 of common stock on June 7
 2010 and
      356
634
      and
      14
859
      shares
 respectively
 on June 28
 2010
 respectively
 all at an exercise price of $3.40
      per share issued and outstanding. The Series C Warrants have a term of exercise expiring
      3
      years from the issuance date. The Series C Warrants at the option of the holder
 may be exercised by cash payment of the exercise price or
 the holder may acquire the underlying shares of common stock through a cashless exercise.
    
    

 2) upon subdivision or combination of common stocks; or 3) upon distribution of assets and other dilutive events.


 Series B and Series C Warrants
    

      Series A and Series B Warrants issued to certain investors on December 17
 2009 to purchase
      500
000
      shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock had a term of three years and exercise prices of $3.25
      and $4.00
      per share
 respectively. These warrants contain standard anti-dilution provisions for stock dividends
 stock splits
 stock combination
 recapitalization and a change of control transaction. Because these warrants do not contain any contingent exercise provisions and their settlement amount will equal the difference between the fair value of a fixed number of the Company&#8217;s equity shares and a fixed strike price
 these warrants
 which are freestanding instruments
 qualify for the scope exception under the guidance provided in ASC 815-40-15-5 through 815-40-15-8
 and are considered indexed to the Company&#226;&#8364;&#8482;s own stock. Accordingly
 Series A and Series B Warrants have been classified as equity. Series A and Series B Warrants expired on December 16
 2012.
    

      Since the Series C Warrants issued to the investors and the placement agent in June 2010 contain reset exercise price provisions
 the Company had determined to classify these warrants as derivative liabilities. The reset exercise provisions of the warrants issued to the investors and the placement agent in June 2010 were recorded at their relative fair values at issuance of $1
182
860
      and will continue to be recorded at fair value at each subsequent balance sheet date. Any change in value between reporting periods will be recorded as other income (expense). These warrants will continue to be reported as a liability until such time when they are exercised or expire. The fair value of these warrants is estimated using Monte-Carlo simulation methods. Since all Series C Warrants expired on June 28
 2013
 the Company recorded
      nil
      and $173
      in other income related to the change in the fair value of the Series C Warrants for the year ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.
    




        
          

        
          
            

 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






Accounts Receivable
 Net Schedule Of Accounts Receivable 1
$ 93
066


Accounts Receivable
 Net Schedule Of Accounts Receivable 2
56
922


Accounts Receivable
 Net Schedule Of Accounts Receivable 3
        


Accounts Receivable
 Net Schedule Of Accounts Receivable 4
        


Accounts Receivable
 Net Schedule Of Accounts Receivable 5
93
066


Accounts Receivable
 Net Schedule Of Accounts Receivable 6
$ 56
922




        
          

        
          
            

 Net Schedule Of Accounts Receivable 4
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Net Schedule Of Accounts Receivable 6
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Net Schedule Of Accounts Receivable 3
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Net Schedule Of Accounts Receivable 5
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Net Schedule Of Accounts Receivable 1
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Net Schedule Of Accounts Receivable 2
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

SCHEDULE OF SEGMENT REPORTING INFORMATION
 BY SEGMENT (Details) (USD $)

        

      






Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 1
$ 37
050
283


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 2
4
004
030


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 3
2
273
905


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 4
        


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 5
43
328
218


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 6
29
631
402


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 7
1
754
050


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 8
222
893


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 9
(1
018
357)


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 10
30
589
988


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 11
30
589
988


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 12
140
444
763


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 13
62
276


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 14
1
538
150


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 15
1
753
907


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 16
143
799
096


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 17
143
799
096


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 18
1
373
914


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 19
5
562


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 20
1
391


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 21
104
172


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 22
1
485
039


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 23
        


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 24
        


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 25
        


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 26
        


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 27
        


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 1
33
685
828


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 2
7
474
342


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 3
2
188
819


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 4
        


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 5
43
348
989


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 6
26
860
209


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 7
4
495
175


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 8
276
024


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 9
(1
648
816)


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 10
29
982
592


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 11
29
982
592


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 12
117
852
173


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 13
62
501


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 14
1
313
194


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 15
2
009
085


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 16
121
236
953


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 17
121
236
953


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 18
1
362
832


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 19
5
517


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 20
1
379


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 21
103
768


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 22
1
473
496


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 23
        


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 24
        


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 25
        


Segment Information Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment 26
        




        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 24
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 6
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 12
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 26
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 13
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 15
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 20
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 15
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 16
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 22
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 11
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 12
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 10
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 25
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 16
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 3
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 24
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 2
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 22
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 14
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 25
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 8
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 9
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 21
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 11
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 19
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 23
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 19
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 23
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 6
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 7
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 18
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 10
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 7
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 17
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 3
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 4
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 1
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 8
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 21
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 5
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 27
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 1
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 4
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 18
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 17
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 14
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 2
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 5
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 13
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 9
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 20
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 By Segment 26
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
$ 1
470
434


        
1
271
672


        
        


        
19
366


        
28
340


        
1
489
800


        
$ 1
300
012




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 NET (Tables)

        

      






SCHEDULE OF PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT [Table Text Block]
        

          
          




          


          
          

            

          
          

            

          


          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          

            19
712
166

          
          

            19
783
618

          


          
          

            29
108

          
          

            29
213

          


          
          

            137
317

          
          

            137
815

          


          
          

            118
815

          
          

            119
246

          


          
          

            19
997
406

          
          

            20
069
892

          


          
          

            (5
572
464

          
          

            (4
588
643

          



            


            



              14
424
942
            

          

            



              15
481
249
            

          

    




        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
      
    

 the Company also had the following related party balances and transactions:-

        

            

          

              
            






              
              
              


 2014

              
              


 2013

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              

 Chairperson

              

                511
054

              
              

                265
223

              




        
          
          
          

 unsecured and without a fixed repayment date. The balance was mainly for the payment of US$ denominated expenses.


        
          
          
          

        
          

            

          

              
            


        
          
          
          

        
          
          
          

              For the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company paid rental expense of $59
078
              and $58
370
 respectively
 for the land leased from Heilongjiang Shuaiyi Technology Development Co.
 Ltd. (&#8220;Shuaiyi Technology&#8221;). Shuaiyi Technology and the Company are under common control and management.
            


        
          
          
          

        
          

            

          

              
            


        
          
          
          

        
          
          
          

              On April 15
 2011
 Heilongjiang Shuaiyi entered into an asset transfer agreement (the &#8220;Transfer Agreement&#8221;) with Ms. Han. Pursuant to the Transfer Agreement
 Heilongjiang Shuiayi acquired an office building located at 54-1 Ganshui Road
 Xiangfang District
 Harbin
 with a construction area of
              1854.1
              square meters
 from Ms. Han at a cash consideration of RMB12.75
              million (approximately $1.95
              million including other incidental costs)
which was fully paid in April 2011. The purchase price was determined based on a real property valuation report issued by an independent appraisal firm
 Harbin Guoxin Real Estate Appraisal and Consulting Co.
 Limited on November 11
 2010 and reflected approximately equal valuation which Ms. Han originally paid when she acquired such property for the Company. Management believes that based on the property valuation report issued by the independent appraisal firm
 the terms of the purchase transaction and the consideration that the Company paid in connection with this transaction were comparable to the terms available and the amounts that would be paid in an arm&#8217;s-length transaction.
            


        
          
          
          

        
          
          
          
            


    




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
      
    

 we have evaluated any events or transactions occurring after December 31
 2014
 the consolidated balance sheet date
 through the date of filing of this report and note that there have been no such events or transactions that would require recognition or disclosure in the consolidated financial statements as of and for year ended December 31
 2014
 except as disclosed below:

        
          
          
          

              On February 6
 2015
 a holder of the Company Series A Convertible Preferred Stock converted $98
000
              Stated Value of such Preferred Stock and $31
935
              Preferred Stock dividends
 at a conversion price of $28
              per share and
              1
              for
              10
              conversion ratio
 into a total of
              46
410
              shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock.
            


        
          
          
          

              On March 3
 2015
 we issued
              40
000
              shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock for the vested restricted stocks to our Board members.
            


    




        
          

        
          
            

 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

OTHER PAYABLES
 ACCRUALS AND TAXES PAYABLE (Narrative) (Details) (USD $)

        

      






Other Payables
 Accruals And Taxes Payable 1
$ 1
042
880


Other Payables
 Accruals And Taxes Payable 2
$ 934
855




        
          

        
          
            

 Accruals And Taxes Payable 2
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Accruals And Taxes Payable 1
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          

            26%

          
          

            24%

          

    


        
        

          
          
          
          


          
          


          
          


          


          
          

            55.4%

          
          

            30.0%

          




          

            17.3%

          
          

            27.5%

          




          

            15.5%

          
          

            -

          


          
          

            11.8%

          
          

            -

          

    


        
        

          
          

            

          
          

            

          




          

            27.3%

          
          

            -

          


          
          

            23.3%

          
          

            20.9%

          


          
          

            20.5%

          
          

            23.1%

          

    




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if revenues from transactions with a single external customer amount to 10 percent or more of entity revenues
 including the disclosure of that fact
 the total amount of revenues from each such customer
 and the identity of the reportable segment or segments reporting the revenues. The entity need not disclose the identity of a major customer or the amount of revenues that each segment reports from that customer. For these purposes
 a group of companies known to the entity to be under common control is considered a single customer
 and the federal government
 a state government
 a local government such as a county or municipality
 or a foreign government is each considered a single customer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          



Beginning Balance at Dec. 31
 2012
$ 2
577
324
$ 15
908
$ 19
029
586
$ (78
767)
$ 4
960
023
$ 58
325
932
$ 5
467
012
$ 90
297
018


Beginning Balance (Shares) at Dec. 31
 2012
113
010
15
863
826
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
22
170
370
        
22
170
370


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
3
109
485
3
109
485


        
(67
141)
        
67
112
        
        
        
        
        


        
(2
944)
29
440
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
19
131
        
        
        
        
19
138


        
        
6
840
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
(229
513)
        
(229
513)


        
        
        
        
        
23
912
(23
912)
        
        


        
        
        
17
804
        
        
        
        
17
804


        
        
        
801
396
        
        
        
        
801
396


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
15
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
462
500
        
        
        
        
        
        


Ending Balance at Dec. 31
 2013
2
510
183
16
422
19
934
551
(78
767)
4
983
935
80
242
877
8
576
497
116
185
698


Ending Balance (Shares) at Dec. 31
 2013
110
066
16
377
606
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
22
719
774
        
22
719
774


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(324
662)
(324
662)


        
(736
411)
        
736
088
        
        
        
        
        


        
(32
290)
322
900
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
222
407
        
        
        
        
222
486


        
        
79
480
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
(174
245)
        
(174
245)


        
        
        
        
        
5
098
(5
098)
        
        


        
        
        
92
371
        
        
        
        
92
371


        
        
        
137
085
        
        
        
        
137
085


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
42
500
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
87
500
        
        
        
        
        
        


Ending Balance at Dec. 31
 2014
$ 1
773
772
$ 16
954
$ 21
122
372
$ (78
767)
$ 4
989
033
$ 102
783
308
$ 8
251
835
$ 138
858
507


Ending Balance (Shares) at Dec. 31
 2014
77
776
16
909
986
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 stock and payment-in-kind (PIK).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
              
 -Subparagraph (b
c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
$ (584
556)


        
(621
107)


        
584
556


        
$ 621
107




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE
 NET

        

      






ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE
 NET [Text Block]
        

 NET
    
    


              
              




              


              
              

                

              
              

                

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              

                93
066

              
              

                56
922

              


              
              

                -

              
              

                -

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              




 net


                


                &#160;
                93
066

              

                


                &#160;
                56
922

              



 2014 and 2013.




        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financing receivables. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 trade accounts receivables
 notes receivables
 loans receivables. Includes disclosure for allowance for credit losses.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3
 -Paragraph 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      


 2014

          



 2014

          



        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

SCHEDULE OF PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Details) (USD $)

        

      






Property
 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 1
$ 19
712
166


Property
 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 2
19
783
618


Property
 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 3
29
108


Property
 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 4
29
213


Property
 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 5
137
317


Property
 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 6
137
815


Property
 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 7
118
815


Property
 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 8
119
246


Property
 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 9
19
997
406


Property
 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 10
20
069
892


Property
 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 11
(5
572
464)


Property
 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 12
(4
588
643)


Property
 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 13
14
424
942


Property
 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 14
$ 15
481
249




        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 4
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 7
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 11
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 5
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 2
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 1
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 13
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 6
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 9
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 8
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 12
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 3
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 10
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 14
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

        
      

      These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
    


        
        

        
      

      The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of Nutrastar and its wholly-owned subsidiaries
 New Resources
 Oriental Global and Harbin Baixin
 and its VIEs Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi. All significant inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated on consolidation.
    

 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi and based on the result of the evaluation
 believes that these entities are variable interest entities and that it is the primary beneficiary of these entities. Consequently
 the Company has included the results of operations of these variable interest entities in the consolidated financial statements. The Company&#8217;s relationships with Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi are governed by a series of contractual arrangements. Under PRC laws
 Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi are independent legal persons and none of them is exposed to liabilities incurred by the other parties.

 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi are consolidated in the accompanying financial statements pursuant to the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standard Codification (ASC) Topic 810 and related subtopics related to the consolidation of variable interest entities. The Company does not have any non-controlling interests in net income and accordingly
 did not subtract any net income in calculating the net income attributable to the Company. Because of the contractual arrangements
 the Company had a pecuniary interest in the VIEs that require consolidation of the Company&#8217;s and the VIEs&#8217; financial statements.


        
        

        
      

      The preparation of these consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires the Company to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of these consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Accordingly
 actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Significant estimates for the year ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 include the useful lives of property and equipment and intangible assets
 assumptions used in assessing impairment for long-term assets and the fair values of share-based payments.
    


        
        

        
      

      Cash and cash equivalents consist of all cash balances and highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less. Because of the short maturity of these investments
 the carrying amounts approximate their fair value.
    


        
        

        
      

      Accounts receivable is stated at cost
 net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the failure of customers to make required payments. The Company reviews the accounts receivable on a periodic basis and provides allowances where there is doubt as to the collectability of individual balances. In evaluating the collectability of individual receivable balances
 the Company considers many factors
 including the age of the balance
 the customer&#8217;s payment history
 its current credit-worthiness and current economic trends.
    


        
        

        
      

      Inventories are stated at the lower of cost
 determined on a weighted average basis
 or market. Costs of inventories include purchase and related costs incurred in bringing the products to their present location and condition. Market value is determined by reference to selling prices after the balance sheet date or to management&#8217;s estimates based on prevailing market conditions. Management will write down the inventories to market value if it is below cost. Management also regularly evaluates the composition of its inventories to identify slow-moving and obsolete inventories to determine if a valuation allowance is required.
    


        
        

        
      

      The Company evaluates all its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative instruments that are accounted for as liabilities
 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and is then revalued at each reporting date
 with changes in the fair value reported in the consolidated statements of income. For stock-based derivative financial instruments
 the Company uses Monte-Carlo simulation methods to value the derivative instruments at inception and on subsequent valuation dates.
    


Property
 plant and equipment [Policy Text Block]
        


 plant and equipment
      

      Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses
 if any. Gains or losses on disposals are reflected as gain or loss in the year of disposal. The cost of improvements that extend the life of property
 plant and equipment are capitalized. These capitalized costs may include structural improvements
 equipment and fixtures. All ordinary repair and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred.
    
    


            
            


            
            


            

              20
              -
              40



            

              5
              -
              10



            

              5


        


        
        

        
      
      The Company&#8217;s intangible assets include a ten-year exclusive right to use a proprietary process and computer software. The Company&#8217;s amortization policy on intangible assets is as follows:
    


            
            


            
            


            

              10



            

              4




 &#8220;General Intangibles Other Than Goodwill&#8221;. Under ASC 350-30-35
 intangibles with definite lives continue to be amortized on a straight-line basis over the lesser of their estimated useful lives or contractual terms. Under FASB ASU No.2012-02 Intangible-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350)
 the Company assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative impairment test. The Company would not be required to calculate the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset unless the Company determines
 based on a qualitative assessment
 that it is not more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If the qualitative assessment fails
 intangibles with indefinite lives are further evaluated quantitatively for impairment by comparing the asset&#8217;s estimated fair value with its carrying value
 based on cash flow valuation methodology.


        
        

        
      

      The Company reviews and evaluates its long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts may not be recoverable. An impairment is considered to exist if the total estimated future cash flows on an undiscounted basis are less than the carrying amount of the assets
 including goodwill
 if any. An impairment loss is measured and recorded based on discounted estimated future cash flows. In estimating future cash flows
 assets are grouped at the lowest level for which there is identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of future cash flows from other asset groups.
    


        
        

        
      

      Revenue is recognized when the following four revenue criteria are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 the selling price is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured.
    

 sales discounts and returns at the time when the merchandise is delivered to the customer. Based on historical experience
 management estimates that sales returns are immaterial and has not recorded an allowance for estimated sales returns.


        
        

        
      

      The Company accounts for share-based compensation awards to employees in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718
 &#8220;Compensation &#8211; Stock Compensation&#8221;
 which requires that share-based payment transactions with employees be measured based on the grant-date fair value of the equity instrument issued and recognized as compensation expense over the requisite service period.
    

 &#8220;Equity-Based Payments to Non-employees&#8221;. Under FASB ASC Topic 718 and FASB ASC Subtopic 505-50
 stock compensation granted to non-employees has been determined as the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of equity instrument issued
 whichever is more reliably measured and is recognized as expenses as the goods or services are received.


        
        

        
      
      The Company is subject to income taxes in the United States and other foreign jurisdictions where it operates. The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 740
 &#8220;Income Taxes&#8221;. FASB ASC Topic 740 requires an asset and liability approach for financial accounting and reporting for income taxes and allows recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets based upon the likelihood of realization of tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits
 or that future deductibility is uncertain.
    

 classification of current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities
 accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax positions
 accounting for income taxes in interim periods and income tax disclosures.


        
        

        
      
      Research and development costs are expensed as incurred
 and are charged to general and administrative expenses. Research and development costs were $159
229
      and $173
881
      for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.
    


        
        

        
      
      The Company expenses all advertising costs as incurred. Advertising costs charged to selling expenses were
      nil
      and $10
437
      for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.
    


        
        

        
      
      Substantially all costs of shipping and handling of products to customers are included in selling expense. Shipping and handling costs for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 were insignificant.
    


        
        

        
      
      FASB ASC Topic 220
 &#8220;Comprehensive Income&#8221;
 establishes standards for reporting and displaying comprehensive income and its components in the consolidated financial statements. Accumulated other comprehensive income includes foreign currency translation adjustments.
    


        
        

        
      
      The Company uses the United States dollar (&#8220;US Dollar&#8221; or &#8220;US$&#8221; or &#8220;$&#8221;) for financial reporting purposes. The PRC subsidiaries and VIEs within the Company maintain their books and records in their functional currency
 Chinese Renminbi (&#8220;RMB&#8221;)
 being the lawful currency in the PRC. Assets and liabilities of the PRC subsidiaries and VIEs are translated from RMB into US Dollars using the applicable exchange rates prevailing at the balance sheet date. Items on the statements of income and cash flows are translated at average exchange rates during the reporting period. Equity accounts are translated at historical rates. Adjustments resulting from the translation of the Company&#8217;s financial statements are recorded as accumulated other comprehensive income.
    
    


            
            


            
            


            




            

              US$1
              =RMB6.1190

            
            

              US$1
              =RMB6.0969

            


            
            

              US$1
              =RMB6.1428

            
            

              US$1
              =RMB6.1932

            



 or could be
 converted into US Dollars at the above rates. The value of RMB against US dollars and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by
 among other things
 changes in China&#8217;s political and economic conditions. Any significant revaluation of RMB may materially affect the Company&#8217;s financial condition in terms of US Dollar reporting.


        
        

        
      
      The Company follows FASB ASC Topic 280
 &#8220;Segment Reporting&#8221;
 which requires that companies disclose segment data based on how management makes decisions about allocating resources to segments and evaluating their performance.
    

 2014 and 2013
 it operated in three business segments &#8211; growing and sales of Cordyceps Militaris
 which is widely used for Chinese medicine; manufacturing and sale of functional health beverages featuring the Cordyceps Militaris as a core ingredient; and sales of organic and specialty products. The manufacturing and sale of Cordyceps Militaris functional health beverages was launched in the fourth quarter of 2010.

 2014 and 2013
 all of the Company&#8217;s operations were carried out in one geographical segment - China.


        
        

        
      
      The Company reports earnings per share in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 260
 Earnings per Share. FASB ASC Topic 260 requires presentation of basic and diluted earnings per share in conjunction with the disclosure of the methodology used in computing such earnings per share. Basic earnings per share excludes dilution and is computed by dividing income available to common stockholders by the weighted average common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share takes into account the potential dilution (using the treasury stock method) that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised and converted into common stock.
    


        
        

        
      
      The Company follows FASB ASC Subtopic 450-20
 &#8220;Loss Contingencies&#8221; in determining its accruals and disclosures with respect to loss contingencies. Accordingly
 estimated losses from loss contingencies are accrued by a charge to income when information available prior to issuance of the financial statements indicates that it is probable that a liability could be incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Legal expenses associated with the contingency are expensed as incurred. If a loss contingency is not probable or reasonably estimable
 disclosure of the loss contingency is made in the financial statements when it is at least reasonably possible that a material loss could be incurred.
    


        
        

        
      
      In April 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-08 &#8220;Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (Topic 360) - Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity&#8221;
 which changes the threshold for reporting discontinued operations and adds new disclosures. The new guidance defines a discontinued operation as a disposal that &#8220;represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity&#8217;s operations and financial results.&#8221; The standard is required to be adopted by public business entities in annual periods beginning on or after December 15
 2014
 and interim periods within those annual periods. Entities may &#8220;early adopt&#8221; the guidance for new disposals. The Company is currently evaluating the impact on its consolidated financial statements of adopting this guidance.
    

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) which clarifies and improves the principles for recognizing revenue and develops a common revenue standard for United States generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP) and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) that among other things
 improves comparability of revenue recognition practices and provides more useful information to users of financial statements through improved disclosure requirements. The amendments in ASU 2014-09 are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that reporting period. Early application is not permitted. The Company is currently reviewing the impact on its consolidated financial statements of adopting this guidance.

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-12
 Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718) which provides explicit guidance on the treatment of awards with performance targets that could be achieved after the requisite service period. The amendments in ASU 2014-12 are effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15
 2015. The Company does not expect that the adoption will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 Presentation of Financial Statements &#8211; Going Concern. This standard requires management to evaluate for each annual and interim reporting period whether it is probable that the reporting entity will not be able to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. If the entity is in such a position
 the standard provides for certain disclosures depending on whether or not the entity will be able to successfully mitigate its going concern status. This guideline is effective for annual periods ending after December 15
 2016 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016. Early application is permitted. The Company does not expect that the adoption will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.




        
          

        
          
            

 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include policies for recognizing and measuring loss and gain contingencies.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation
 combination
 or the equity method of accounting
 and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
              
 -Subparagraph i
 ii
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) development of computer software for internal use
 (3) computer software to be sold
 leased or otherwise marketed as a separate product or as part of a product or process and (4) in-process research and development acquired in a purchase business combination.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net realizable value)
 how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts
 when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized
 and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including its treatment of related fees and costs
 its treatment of premiums
 discounts or unearned income
 when accrual of interest is discontinued
 how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables.  If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans
 disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums
 discounts
 and nonrefundable fees and costs.
              
 -Paragraph 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      

 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

      
      

 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT



      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      

 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

      
      

 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT



      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      

 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

      
      

 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT



      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
$ 150
000


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
75
000


        
        


        
96
750


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
225
000


        
        


        
96
750


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
(75
000)


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
150
000


        
        


        
57
000


        
        


        
150
000


        
        


        
$ 57
000


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
        
          
          



            &#160; &#160; &#160;

          


          
          

            

          
          

            

          


          
          

            7
870
214

          
          

            7
812
222

          


          
          

            -

          
          

            -

          


          

            



              7
870
214
            

          

            



              7
812
222
            

          

    


        
        

          
          




          


          
          

            

          
          

            

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          

            30
589
988

          
          

            29
982
592

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          

            34%

          
          

            34%

          


          
          

            10
400
596

          
          

            10
194
081

          


          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          

            323
009

          
          

            542
884

          


          
          

            -

          
          

            (59

          


          
          

            (2
823
227

          
          

            (2
830
539

          


          
          

            (30
164

          
          

            (94
145

          


          
          

            7
870
214

          
          

            7
812
222

          

    


        
        

          
          


 2014

          
          


 2013

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          

            2
122
634

          
          

            1
799
625

          


          
          

            (2
122
634

          
          

            (1
799
625

          


          

            


            &#160;
            -

          

            


            &#160;
            -

          

    




        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
      
    
    


              
              




              


              
              

                

              
              

                

              


              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              

                22
719
774

              
              

                22
170
370

              


              
              

                (174
245

              
              

                (229
513

              


              
              

                22
545
529

              
              

                21
940
857

              


              
              

                174
245

              
              

                229
513

              


              
              

                22
719
774

              
              

                22
170
370

              


              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              

                16
827
010

              
              

                15
949
537

              


              
              

                806
287

              
              

                1
128
406

              


              
              

                3
971

              
              

                3
878

              


              
              

                62
321

              
              

                7
639

              


              
              

                17
699
589

              
              

                17
089
460

              


              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              

                1.34

              
              

                1.38

              


              
              

                1.28

              
              

                1.30

              


        

      The diluted earnings per share calculation for the year ended December 31
 2014 did not include management options and contingent unregistered shares to purchase up to
      75
000
      shares and
      40
000
      shares of common stock
 respectively
 because their effect was anti-dilutive.
    

      The diluted earnings per share calculation for the year ended December 31
 2013 did not include warrants
 management options and restricted shares to purchase up to
      1
088
501
      shares
      150
000
      shares and
      50
000
      shares of common stock
 respectively
 because their effect was anti-dilutive.
    




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













