

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001557240-14-000680
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		20
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20140731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20141113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20141113
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NUTRANOMICS
 INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001451433
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	DAIRY PRODUCTS [2020]
		IRS NUMBER:				980603540
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53551
		FILM NUMBER:		141219439
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11487 SOUTH 700 EAST
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84020
		BUSINESS PHONE:		801-576-8350
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11487 SOUTH 700 EAST
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84020
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Nutranomics
 Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130919
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NUTRANOMICS
 INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130919
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BUKA VENTURES INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20081205











 Inc.
    Document created using Disclosure Solutions PROFILE 2.6.0.0






















































































































 former address and former fiscal year






















Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; 












 if any





 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant's knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; 



 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company filer. &#160;See definition of large accelerated filer







 2014
 the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter
 the aggregate market value of the registrant's common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately $10
038
390
 based upon the closing price on that date of the common stock of the registrant on the OTC Bulletin Board system of $0.347.&#160; For purposes of this response
 the registrant has assumed that its directors




 2014
 the registrant had outstanding&#160;54
023
354 shares of common stock











































































































































































Market for Registrant's Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities











































































































































Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance









































Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence























































Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules



















































 uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results
 performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results
 performances or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include
 but are not limited to
 the factors described in the section captioned Risk Factors below. In some cases
 you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as anticipates, believes, could, estimates, expects, intends, may, plans, potential, predicts, projects, should, would and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect our current views with respect to future events and are based on assumptions and subject to risks and uncertainties. Given these uncertainties
 you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include
 among other things



































































 forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this report. You should read this report and the documents that we reference and filed as exhibits to this report completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. Except as required by law
 we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements publicly
 or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements












We were incorporated in the State of Nevada on March 15
 2007.&#160;&#160;We were incorporated to engage in the search for gold and related minerals.&#160;We were not able to establish mining operations and did not generate any revenues.&#160;We incurred losses since inception and needed to raise additional capital to fund our operations. Our sole asset was a 100% interest in the Sigatoka Gold claim located in the Republic of Fiji.&#160;We acquired the Sigatoka Gold claim for the sum of $5
000 from an unrelated third party on May 1
 2007. We were not able to raise the capital needed to carry out our business plan and then investigated merger and acquisition opportunities

 Salt Lake City




 2013
 we entered into a share exchange agreement with Health Education Corporation
 a Utah corporation (Health Education)
 and its shareholders.&#160;Pursuant to the terms of the share exchange agreement
 we agreed to acquire all 8
994
800 of the issued and outstanding shares of Health Education's common stock in exchange for the issuance by our company of 25
005
544 shares of our common stock to the shareholders of Health Education. On September 19
 2013
 we closed the share exchange by issuing the required 25
005
544 common shares to the Health Education shareholders. Concurrently
 our former directors and officers
 Ritesh Chandra Singh and Ranjana Bharat cancelled 25
000
000 shares of our common stock. As a result of these transactions
 we changed our name to Nutranomics
 Inc. and had 46
505




 we
 us and our refer to the registrant
 Nutranomics
 Inc.
 formerly Buka Ventures Inc.
 a Nevada corporation
 from September 19
 2013
 and Health Education Corporation dba NutraNomics
 a 
 prior to September 19







 Health Education has become our wholly owned subsidiary
 and we now carry on the business of research
 development and sales of nutritional food products. Health Education was founded in 1995 by our Chairman of the Board of Directors
 Dr. Tracy K. Gibbs
 and by 1997 produced and branded its own product line. Since then
 we have formulated more than 480 nutritional supplements
 including formulating vitamin
 mineral
 herbal
 and probiotic supplements
 and we have expanded our own product range to include 14 separate products
 described below
 as well as an array of complementary services and education programs. To distribute our products
 we have engaged sales representatives 



 our operations have incorporated two recent important innovations
 one of which was developed by Dr. Gibbs: Nutritional Blood Analysis (NBA)
 which quantifies a customer's nutritional profile from a single drop of blood; and the patented Assimilation Enhancing System (AES&#8482;

235





 and
 to our knowledge
 are one of the few supplement companies to exclusively use carcinogen-free 100%-pure cellulose capsules for our products. Despite these additional expenses







 including several types of analyses
 trainings
 certifications
 and group presentations to individuals and industry professionals. Although our educational services are not directly responsible for any of our total revenues


















 multi-vitamin and mineral blend

























 Patent #6
864
231
 #6
942
856
 &amp; #7
138













 TiO2-free (free of titanium dioxide)

























































 TiO2-free



















































 Inc. (Patent #7
638
640
 #7
897
791
 &amp; #7
919













































 TiO2-free













































 TiO2-free









 treat







 live
 in real time. Using a single drop of blood
 a trained technician can pinpoint several nutritional deficiencies in a 30-minute to 1-hour one-on-one session with the customer. Nutritional Blood Analysis empowers customers to understand their own unique nutritional profiles and needs







 health store operators
 and individuals. The Company's speakers and health educators have presented at numerous meetings and shows
 including women's associations
 health shows

















 our commitment to the quality and consistency of our products is reflected in the selection of all aspects of production.&#160; All of our supplements are processed by manufacturers with which we have longstanding relationships. To our knowledge
 each follows the strictest Good Manufacturing Practices (GMPs) and quality controls to ensure purity in all of our products. We use facilities around the world to ensure that production will continue in the event of a disturbance in operation at any given location







 competitive nature of the nutraceutical market makes sales and marketing efforts within the sector largely relationship driven. We use a number of tools to establish and maintain these relationships with consumers
 including lectures
 blood tests
 internet questionnaires







 commercials
 and internet marketing to effectively saturate the market with their product name




 customers receive a 30-minute to 1-hour consultation and analysis of their blood. Upon completion of the session








 which is still being implemented. Web-based customers are invited to participate in NutraPoints
 our loyalty program. Through NutraPoints







 with only approximately 150 retail stores out of thousands of health/food store outlets in the market carrying our products




 we have circumvented this channel and gone direct to retailers using the Nutritional Blood Analysis program.&#160; In addition to serving as a lead generator for the retail outlet
 the Nutritional Blood Analysis service is a profit center for our company. Not only does it have a high conversion-to-sale rate




 we believe that the educational component is critical to our long-term success. Not only does it provide customers with a true value, but it also enables participating retailers to differentiate themselves from competitors. Our marketing focus is on contrasting our products with our competitors' as we are dedicated to using all-natural ingredients and 100% carcinogen-free capsules. Once our representative has established a relationship with the retail operator
 our approach is to ask store owners to highlight the advantages of our product line&#8212;all natural
 the AES feature
 and carcinogen-free capsules&#8212;then encourage them to drop any product that cannot compare favorably with our products. This approach has proven effective







 but the majority of international sales are generated in Japan
 where we have been active since 1996. Our success in Japan
 one of the only regulated nutraceutical markets in the world
 has resulted in entry to neighboring Taiwan
 the Philippines
 Malaysia
 Singapore
 and Thailand. In July 2013
 the company hired a Sales Director to increase sales in Asia
 which increased sales in Cambodia
 Singapore







 we can assist with the design
 production







 we have formulated products for numerous OEM clients
 including vitamins
 enzymes
 antioxidants
 minerals
 amino acids
 cosmetics
 and toiletries. In addition to the custom formulas we provide these clients







 where the Company has been active since 1996.&#160; We have also since generated sales in Taiwan
 the Philipines 
 Malaysia
 Singapore
 Cambodia













































 where the markets are still nascent and overall economic growth is expected to outpace that of the United States.&#160;&#160; We will be focusing our efforts on Malaysia
 the Philippines
 China
 Brazil

























 including internal research and development
 market trends
 customer demand
 third-party contract work





































 we believe it is important for them to supply their distributors with quality products and innovative marketing ideas. Many new and existing Multi-Level and Network Marketing companies may not have money to fund R&amp;D departments
 and most large contract manufacturers may rarely customize a formula for a small company. Without the ability to bring on new and unique products
 many of these companies may fail. For this reason
 our custom formulation services may be attractive for MLM firms













 the global nutraceutical product market reached $142.1 billion in 2011 and is expected to reach $204.8 billion by 2017
 growing at a CAGR of 6.3% from 2012 to 2017. Asia Pacific (including Japan) is expected to have the second largest market share after North America by 2017.


 the functional food and beverage market reached $93.0 billion
 registering a growth rate of 6.0% from 2007 to 2011. North America enjoyed the highest market share for nutraceutical products at $56.4 billion in 2011.


 functional beverages and dietary supplements. The global nutraceutical market is growing primarily on account of growth in the dietary supplement segment. North America has the highest market share for the nutraceutical product market
 which is primarily supported by the U.S. health-conscious consumers segment.




 respectively in 2017. The dietary supplement market will be the fastest growing market from 2012 to 2017 as it may help in improving the body's ability to heal and protect itself. This report categorizes the nutraceutical market into six geographic regions
 namely North America
 Western Europe
 Eastern Europe
 Asia-Pacific
 Latin America







 highly fragmented and growing industry
 with no single industry participant accounting for a majority of total industry retail sales. We believe competition is based on price
 quality and assortment of products
 customer service
 marketing support and availability of new products. In addition




 which are highly fragmented in terms of geographical market coverage and product categories. We also compete with other specialty retailers
 supermarkets
 drugstores
 mass merchants
 multi-level marketing organizations
 mail-order companies
 other internet sites and a variety of other smaller participants. We believe that the market is highly sensitive to the introduction of new products. In the United States
 many of our competitors have national brands that are heavily advertised and are manufactured by large pharmaceutical and food companies and other retailers. Most supermarkets
 drugstores and mass merchants have narrow product offerings limited primarily to simple vitamins
 herbs and popular third-party diet products. Our international competitors also include large international pharmacy chains and major international supermarket chains








 there can be no assurance that even if we do these things
 we will be able to compete effectively with the other companies in our industry. As we are a relatively small company
 we face the same problems as other small companies in any industry
 including the lack of available funds
 lack of established distribution channels or large customer base. Our competitors may be substantially larger and better funded than us
 and have significantly longer histories of operation and development than us. In addition
 they may be able to provide more competitive products than we can and generally be able to respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in legislation and regulations relating to the industry. Additionally
 our competitors may devote greater resources to the development
 promotion and sale of their products or services than we do. Increased competition could also result in loss of key personnel
 reduced margins or loss of market share







 via license with our founder
 to US patent #7
235
390 B2 for the Assimilation Enhancing System (AES&#8482;) (there is also a patent pending for the AES&#8482; in Japan). &#160;We also have various trademarks and logo registrations in several countries (e.g.
 China trademark for NutraNomics logo










 know-how
 continuing technological innovations and licensing opportunities to develop and maintain our competitive position. We protect our intellectual property rights through a variety of methods
 including trademark
 patent and trade secret laws
 as well as confidentiality agreements and proprietary information agreements with vendors
 employees




 2013
 we (Health Education) entered into License and Distribution Agreement with Nutriband USA
 LLC (Nutriband) to nonexclusively research and develop a dermal patch nutrient delivery system
 and exclusively license and distribute nutritional supplement dermal patches (the Nutriband Products) in the United States and Canada
 for which Nutriband will receive a 10% royalty on our gross sales of any Nutriband Products. The license may only be terminated by the agreement of both parties




 2013
 our wholly owned subsidiary
 Health Education
 entered into a License with Gennesar Nutraceuticals
 LLC d/b/a Genesar Nutraceuticles
 a Utah limited liability company (Genesar)
 wherein Health Education received a worldwide exclusive license to all rights relating to
 and intellectual property regarding
 GenEpic&#8482;
 a dietary supplement
 and Genesar was entitled to receive 100
000 restricted shares of our (Nutranomics
 Inc.) common stock
 a royalty fee of $4/box of 30 sachets of GenEpic sold by Health Education beginning after 4
000 boxes of product had been sold
 and a payment of $160
000
 due by December 1
 2013. The agreement included Company exclusivity rights in a multitude of Pac/Asia countries
 as well as first rights of refusal to global distribution. The License Agreement had an initial term of 36 months
 with the term renewing for another 36-month term unless terminated by either party providing 90 days written notice to the other party prior to the end of the term. On August 5
 2014
 as we had only paid $140
000 of the required $160
000 payment to Genesar

 of each month following the end of each of the Company's fiscal quarters
 (3) add a minimum royalty payment of $25
000 per year
 and (4) restructure the $140
000 paid to Genesar from being considered an advance on royalties into a one-time license payment. 



 former CEO
 and current director
 Dr. Gibbs




 15 or 20&#160;years
 depending on the country in which the marks are registered









 packaging
 labeling
 advertising
 promotion
 distribution and sale of our products are subject to regulation by one or more federal agencies
 including the FDA
 Consumer Product Safety Commission
 or CPSC
 and the U.S. Department of Agriculture
 or USDA. Advertising and other forms of promotion and methods of marketing are subject to regulation primarily by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission
 or FTC
 which regulates these activities under the Federal Trade Commission Act



 or DSHEA
 amended the Federal Food
 Drug
 and Cosmetic Act
 or FFDC Act
 to establish a new framework governing the composition
 safety
 labeling



 under the FFDC Act
 dietary ingredients that were marketed in the United States prior to October 15
 1994 may be used in dietary supplements without notifying the FDA. New dietary ingredients (i.e.
 dietary ingredients that were not marketed in the United States before October 15, 1994) must be the subject of a new dietary ingredient notification submitted to the FDA unless the ingredient has been present in the food supply as an article used for food without being chemically altered. A new dietary ingredient notification must provide the FDA with evidence of a history of use or other evidence of safety establishing that use of the dietary ingredient will reasonably be expected to be safe. A new dietary ingredient notification must be submitted to the FDA at least 75 days before it is initially marketed. The FDA may determine that a new dietary ingredient notification does not provide an adequate basis to conclude that the ingredient is reasonably expected to be safe. Such a determination could prevent the marketing of the dietary ingredient. The FDA recently issued draft guidance governing the notification for new dietary ingredients. Although FDA guidance is not mandatory
 and companies are free to use an alternative approach if the approach satisfies the requirements of applicable laws and regulations
 FDA guidance is a strong indication of the FDA's current thinking on the topic discussed in the guidance
 including its position on enforcement. At this time
 it is difficult to determine whether the draft guidance
 if finalized
 would have a material impact on our operations. However
 if the FDA were to enforce the applicable statutes and regulations in accordance with the draft guidance as written
 this manner of enforcement could require us to incur additional expenses
 which could be significant
 and negatively impact our business in several ways
 including
 but not limited to
 enjoining the manufacturing of our products until the FDA determines that we are in compliance and can resume manufacturing
 which could increase our liability and reduce our growth prospects.






 which was introduced in July 2011 (S1310)
 would amend the FFDC Act to
 among other things
 (i) require dietary supplement manufacturers to register the dietary supplements that they manufacture with the FDA (and provide a list of the ingredients in and copies of the labels and labeling of the supplements)
 (ii) mandate the FDA and the Institute of Medicine (a non-governmental
 nonprofit organization that provides advice to the public and decision makers
 such as the FDA
 concerning health issues) to identify dietary ingredients that cause potentially serious adverse effects
 (iii) require warning statements for dietary supplements containing potentially unsafe ingredients and (iv) require that the FDA define the term conventional food. If the bill is reintroduced and enacted
 it could restrict the number of dietary supplements available for sale
 increase our costs
 liabilities and potential penalties associated with manufacturing and selling dietary supplements



 1994
 and instead permit the sale of only those dietary ingredients included on a list of Accepted Dietary Ingredients to be issued and maintained by the FDA. The bill also would allow the FDA to: impose a fine of twice the gross profits earned by a distributor on sales of any dietary supplement found to violate the law; require a distributor to submit a yearly report on all non-serious adverse event reports received during the year to the FDA; and allow the FDA to recall any dietary supplement it determines with a reasonable probability would cause serious adverse health consequences or is adulterated or misbranded. The bill also would require any dietary supplement distributor to register with the FDA and submit a list of the ingredients in and copies of the labels of its dietary supplements to the FDA and thereafter update such disclosures yearly and submit any new dietary supplement product labels to the FDA before marketing any dietary supplement product. If this bill is reintroduced and enacted



 the FDA could issue consumer warnings with respect to the products or ingredients in such products at the point they are sold to end users. Such actions or warnings could be based on information received through FFDC Act-mandated reporting of serious adverse events. The FDA in recent years has applied these procedures to require that consumers be warned to stop using certain dietary supplements. For businesses that have been subjected to these regulatory actions



 we seek representations and warranties
 indemnification and/or insurance from our vendors. However
 even with adequate insurance and indemnification
 any claims of non-compliance could significantly damage our reputation and consumer confidence in our products. In addition
 the failure of such products to comply with applicable regulatory and legislative requirements could prevent us from marketing the products or require us to recall or remove such products from the market
 which in certain cases could materially and adversely affect our business



 there are four categories of claims that pertain to the regulation of dietary supplements. First are health claims that describe the relationship between a nutrient or dietary ingredient and a disease or health related condition and can be made on the labeling of dietary supplements if supported by significant scientific agreement and authorized by the FDA in advance via notice and comment rulemaking. Second are nutrient content claims which describe the nutritional value of the product and may be made if defined by the FDA through notice and comment rulemaking and if one serving of the product meets the definition. Third are statements of nutritional support or product performance. The FFDC Act permits statements of nutritional support to be included in labeling for dietary supplements without FDA pre-market approval. These statements must be submitted to the FDA within 30 days of marketing and may describe how a particular dietary ingredient affects the structure
 function or general well-being of the body
 or the mechanism of action by which a dietary ingredient may affect body structure
 function or well-being
 but may not expressly or implicitly represent that a dietary supplement will diagnose
 cure
 mitigate
 treat or prevent a disease. A company that uses a statement of nutritional support in labeling must possess scientific evidence substantiating that the statement is truthful and not misleading. The fourth category are drug claims
 representations that a product is intended to diagnose
 mitigate
 treat
 cure or prevent a disease
 are prohibited from use in the labeling of dietary supplements




 that are statements of nutritional support
 health claims and nutrient content claims when authorized by the FDA
 or that otherwise are allowed by law. The FDA's interpretation of what constitutes an acceptable statement of nutritional support may change in the future
 thereby requiring that we revise our labeling. These regulatory activities include those discussed above concerning products marketed before October 15
 1994 or afterwards
 and the requirements of 75 days advance notice to the FDA before marketing products containing new dietary ingredients. There is no assurance that the FDA will accept the evidence of safety for any new dietary ingredients that we may wish to market
 and the FDA's refusal to accept that evidence could prevent the marketing of the new dietary ingredients and dietary supplements containing a new dietary ingredient. If the FDA determines that a particular statement of nutritional support is an unacceptable drug claim
 conventional food claim or an unauthorized version of a health claim
 or
 if the FDA determines that a particular claim is not adequately supported by existing scientific data or is false or misleading



 DSHEA provides that so-called third-party literature
 e.g.
 a reprint of a peer-reviewed scientific publication linking a particular dietary ingredient with health benefits
 may be used in connection with the sale of a dietary supplement to consumers without the literature being subject to regulation as labeling. The literature: (1) must not be false or misleading; (2) may not promote a particular manufacturer or brand of dietary supplement; (3) must present a balanced view of the available scientific information on the subject matter; (4) if displayed in an establishment
 must be physically separate from the dietary supplements; and (5) should not have appended to it any information by sticker or any other method. If the literature fails to satisfy each of these requirements
 we may be prevented from disseminating such literature with our products



 which became effective on December 22
 2007. This law amends the FFDC Act to mandate that we report to the FDA any reports of serious adverse events that we receive. Under the law
 an adverse event is any health-related event associated with the use of a dietary supplement that is adverse
 and a serious adverse event is any adverse event that results in death
 a life-threatening experience
 inpatient hospitalization
 a persistent or significant disability or incapacity
 or a congenital anomaly or birth defect
 or requires
 based on reasonable medical judgment
 a medical or surgical intervention to prevent one of these outcomes. Serious adverse event reports received through the address or phone number on the label of a dietary supplement
 as well as all follow-up reports of new medical information received within one year after the initial report
 must be submitted to the FDA no later than 15 business days after the report is received. The law also requires recordkeeping for reports of non-serious adverse events as well as serious adverse events for six years following the event



 pursuant to the authority granted by the FFDC Act as amended by DSHEA
 the FDA published detailed current good manufacturing practice
 or cGMP
 regulations that govern the manufacturing
 packaging
 labeling and holding operations of dietary supplement manufacturers. The cGMP regulations
 among other things
 impose significant recordkeeping requirements on manufacturers. The cGMP requirements are in effect for all manufacturers
 and the FDA is conducting inspections of dietary supplement manufacturers pursuant to these requirements. There remains considerable uncertainty with respect to the FDA's interpretation of the regulations and their actual implementation in manufacturing facilities. The failure of a manufacturing facility to comply with the cGMP regulations renders products manufactured in such facility adulterated






 to fully enforce DSHEA and monitor compliance with the Bioterrorism Act of 2002. We intend to comply with the new cGMPs once they are adopted. The new cGMPs
 predicted to be finalized shortly
 would be more detailed and stringent than the cGMPs that currently apply to dietary supplements and may
 among other things
 require dietary supplements to be prepared
 packaged
 produced and held in compliance with regulations similar to the cGMP regulations for drugs. There can be no assurance that
 if the FDA adopts cGMP regulations for dietary supplements




 under the Food Safety Modernization Act
 or FSMA
 which was enacted on January 4
 2011
 the manufacturing of dietary ingredients contained in dietary supplements will be subject to similar or even more burdensome manufacturing requirements
 which will likely increase the costs of dietary ingredients and will subject suppliers of such ingredients to more rigorous inspections and enforcement. The FSMA will also require importers of food
 including dietary supplements and dietary ingredients



 including powers to issue a public warning or notice of violation letter to a company
 publicize information about illegal products
 detain products intended for import
 require the reporting of serious adverse events
 require a recall of illegal or unsafe products from the market
 and request the Department of Justice to initiate a seizure action
 an injunction action or a criminal prosecution in the U.S. courts. The FSMA expands the reach and regulatory powers of the FDA with respect to the production and importation of food
 including dietary supplements. The expanded reach and regulatory powers include the FDA's ability to order mandatory recalls
 administratively detain domestic products
 require certification of compliance with domestic requirements for imported foods associated with safety issues and administratively revoke manufacturing facility registrations



 among other things
 injunctions
 product withdrawals
 recalls
 product seizures



 directly or indirectly
 the purchase of drugs or foods
 which would include dietary supplements
 is an unfair or deceptive act or practice. Additionally
 under the FTC's Substantiation Doctrine
 an advertiser is required to have a reasonable basis for all objective product claims before the claims are made. Failure to adequately substantiate claims may also be considered an unfair or deceptive practice. Pursuant to this FTC requirement



 1998
 the FTC issued Dietary Supplements: An Advertising Guide for Industry. This guide provides marketers of dietary supplements with guidelines for applying FTC law to dietary supplement advertising and reiterates and explains the FTC's reasonable basis determination. It includes examples of the principles that should be used when interpreting and substantiating dietary supplement advertising. Although the guide provides additional explanation



 both administratively and judicially
 including compulsory process
 cease and desist orders and injunctions. FTC enforcement can result in orders requiring
 among other things
 limits on advertising
 corrective advertising
 consumer redress
 divestiture of assets
 rescission of contracts and such other relief as may be deemed necessary. Any violation could have a material adverse effect on our business



 we have from time to time reformulated
 eliminated or relabeled certain of our products and revised certain advertising claims. We cannot predict the nature of any future laws
 regulations
 interpretations or applications
 nor can we determine what effect additional governmental regulations or administrative orders
 when and if promulgated
 would have on our business in the future. They could
 however
 require the reformulation of certain products to meet new standards
 the recall or discontinuance of certain products not capable of reformulation
 additional record keeping
 expanded documentation of the properties of certain products
 expanded or different labeling
 and/or scientific substantiation. Any or all of such requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business




 county and other local governmental authorities. Some states also permit these laws to be enforced by private attorney generals. These private attorney generals may seek relief for consumers
 seek class action certifications
 seek class-wide damages
 seek class-wide refunds and product recalls of products sold by us. There can be no assurance that state and local authorities will not commence regulatory action
 which could restrict the permissible scope of our product advertising claims





 local and international laws that include provisions governing
 among other things
 the formulation
 manufacturing
 packaging
 labeling
 advertising and distribution of dietary supplements and over-the-counter drugs. These regulations may prevent or delay entry into the market or prevent or delay the introduction
 or require the reformulation








 if passed
 would impose substantial new regulatory requirements on dietary supplements. For example
 although not yet reintroduced in this session of Congress
 bills have been repeatedly proposed in past sessions of Congress which would subject the dietary ingredient dehydroepiandrosterone
 or DHEA
 to the requirements of the Controlled Substances Act
 which would prevent the sale of products containing DHEA. In March 2009
 the General Accounting Office
 or GAO
 issued a report that made four recommendations to enhance the FDA's oversight of dietary supplements. The GAO recommended that the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services direct the Commissioner of the FDA to: (1) request authority to require dietary supplement companies to identify themselves as a dietary supplement company and update this information annually
 provide a list of all dietary supplement products they sell and a copy of the labels and update this information annually
 and report all adverse events related to dietary supplements
 not just serious adverse events; (2) issue guidance to clarify when an ingredient is considered a new dietary ingredient
 the evidence needed to document the safety of new dietary ingredients
 and appropriate methods for establishing ingredient identity; (3) provide guidance to industry to clarify when products should be marketed as either dietary supplements or conventional foods formulated with added dietary ingredients; and (4) coordinate with stakeholder groups involved in consumer outreach to identify additional mechanisms for educating consumers about the safety
 efficacy
 and labeling of dietary supplements
 implement these mechanisms



 regulations
 or administrative orders
 when and if promulgated
 would have on our business in the future. New legislation or regulations may require the reformulation of certain products to meet new standards
 require the recall or discontinuance of certain products not capable of reformulation
 impose additional record keeping or require expanded documentation of the properties of certain products



 state
 local and foreign environmental and health and safety laws and regulations governing its operations
 including the handling
 transportation and disposal of our non-hazardous and hazardous substances and wastes
 as well as emissions and discharges from its operations into the environment
 including discharges to air
 surface water and groundwater. Failure to comply with such laws and regulations could result in costs for remedial actions
 penalties or the imposition of other liabilities. New laws
 changes in existing laws or the interpretation thereof
 or the development of new facts or changes in their processes could also cause us to incur additional capital and operating expenditures to maintain compliance with environmental laws and regulations and environmental permits. We are also subject to laws and regulations that impose liability and cleanup responsibility for releases of hazardous substances into the environment without regard to fault or knowledge about the condition or action causing the liability. Under certain of these laws and regulations
 such liabilities can be imposed for cleanup of previously owned or operated properties
 or for properties to which substances or wastes that were sent in connection with current or former operations at its facilities. The presence of contamination from such substances or wastes could also adversely affect our ability to sell or lease our properties
 or to use them as collateral for financing. From time to time
 we have incurred costs and obligations for correcting environmental and health and safety noncompliance matters and for remediation at or relating to certain of our properties or properties at which our waste has been disposed. However
 compliance with the provisions of national
 state and local environmental laws and regulations has not had a material effect upon our capital expenditures
 earnings
 financial position
 liquidity or competitive position. We believe we have complied with
 and are currently complying with
 our environmental obligations pursuant to environmental and health and safety laws and regulations and that any liabilities for noncompliance will not have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial performance or cash flows. However
 it is difficult to predict future liabilities and obligations





 licenses or approvals that have been issued with respect to our operations. We expect to comply with all applicable laws
 rules and regulations relating to our business
 and at this time




 any regulatory changes that impose additional restrictions or requirements on us or on our potential customers could adversely affect us by increasing our operating costs or decreasing demand for our products or services









 the research and development division is regularly solicited to create or formulate products for third parties. Beyond the revenue stream provided by these services
 the activities of the research and development division generate significant intellectual property for us. In some cases
 we retain sole ownership of the formulations created




233 and $44
706 in research and development expenses during the years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013








As of July 31
 2014
 we had 7 full-time employees and 4 part-time employees. We also currently engage independent contractors in the areas of accounting
 legal and auditing services
 corporate finance
 as well as marketing and business development. 





 the public may read and copy materials filed by the Company at the SEC's Public Reference Room located at 100 F Street
 N.E.
 Washington





 among others







 our business
 financial condition or results of operations could be harmed. In that case
 the trading price of our common stock could decline


 together with all of the other information included in this report
 before making an investment decision. If any of the following risks actually occurs
 our business
 financial condition or results of operations could suffer. In that case
 the trading price of our common stock could decline
 and you may lose all or part of your investment. You should read the section entitled Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements above for a discussion of what types of statements are forward-looking statements




 negative working capital and insufficient cash flows
 and lack of liquidity to pay our current obligations




Our independent auditors have added an explanatory paragraph to their audit opinion issued in connection with the financial statements

 we cannot provide investors with any assurance that we will be able to raise sufficient funding from the generation of revenue
 the sale of our common stock

 2014 and 2013

 that we had negative working capital and insufficient cash flows from operation as of July 31
 2014

 raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.





 which could put us at a competitive disadvantage. Continued pricing pressure or improvements in research and shifts in customer preferences away from natural supplements could adversely impact our customer base or pricing structure and have a material and adverse effect on our business
 financial condition



 evolving industry standards and potential new entrants. For example
 a number of new companies with innovative products
 which promise significant health benefits are established every year and are competitive with our products. If these companies gain market acceptance
 our ability to grow our business could be materially and adversely affected. Accordingly
 our future success depends upon a number of factors
 including our ability to accomplish the following: identify emerging health trends in our target end-markets; develop
 acquire and maintain competitive products; enhance our products by adding innovative features that differentiate us from our competitors; and develop or acquire and bring products to market quickly and cost-effectively. Our ability to develop or acquire new products based on quality research can affect our competitive position and requires the investment of significant resources. These acquisitions and development efforts divert resources from other potential investments in our businesses
 and they may not lead to the development of new research or products on a timely basis. New or enhanced products may not satisfy consumer preferences and potential product failures may cause consumers to reject these products. As a result
 these products may not achieve market acceptance and our brand image could suffer. In addition
 our competitors may introduce superior designs or business strategies
 impairing our brand and the desirability of our products
 which may cause consumers to defer or forego purchases of our products. Also
 the markets for our products and services may not develop or grow as we anticipate. The failure of our products to gain market acceptance
 the potential for product defects or the obsolescence of our products could significantly reduce our revenue
 increase our operating costs or otherwise adversely affect our business
 financial condition






 national media attention and other publicity about product use. Adverse publicity from these sources regarding the safety
 quality or efficacy of nutritional supplements and our products could harm our reputation and results of operations. The mere publication of news articles or reports asserting that such products may be harmful or questioning their efficacy could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations



 if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel
 hire qualified personnel



 hire
 develop
 motivate and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization
 particularly sales and marketing. Competition in our industry for qualified employees is intense. In addition
 our compensation arrangements
 such as our bonus programs










 many of which may be outside of our control. As a result
 comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful
 and you should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance. Our quarterly
 year-to-date

































































 and&#160;five vendors that are our major suppliers




 2014 and 2013
 and five of our suppliers make up approximately 70% and 81% of our total purchases for the years ending July 31
 2014 and 2013.&#160; We do not have purchase or supply agreements with this customer or these suppliers governing future orders
 and were we to lose this customer or these suppliers
 our business would be harmed.&#160; Our revenues would significantly decline were we to lose this customer







 we could be subject to product liability claims if the use of our products is alleged to have resulted in injury. Our products consist of vitamins
 minerals



 but in the future we may be subject to various product liability claims
 including among others that our products had inadequate instructions for use








 complete the research and development of our planned services
 obtain regulatory approvals
 and execute our business plan
 generally.&#160; &#160;We may use capital more rapidly than currently anticipated and incur higher operating expenses than currently expected
 and we may be required to depend on external financing to satisfy our operating and capital needs.&#160;We may need new or additional financing in the future to conduct our operations or expand our business.&#160;Any sustained weakness in the general economic conditions and/or financial markets in the United States or globally could adversely affect our ability to raise capital on favorable terms or at all.&#160;From time to time we have relied
 and may also rely in the future
 on access to financial markets as a source of liquidity to satisfy working capital requirements and for general corporate purposes.&#160;We may be unable to secure debt or equity financing on terms acceptable to us
 or at all
 at the time when we need such funding.&#160;If we do raise funds by issuing additional equity or convertible debt securities
 the ownership percentages of existing stockholders would be reduced
 and the securities that we issue may have rights
 preferences or privileges senior to those of the holders of our common stock or may be issued at a discount to the market price of our common stock which would result in dilution to our existing stockholders.&#160;If we raise additional funds by issuing debt
 we may be subject to debt covenants
 which could place limitations on our operations including our ability to declare and pay dividends.&#160;Our inability to raise additional funds on a timely basis would make it difficult for us to achieve our business objectives and would have a negative impact on our business
















 debt incurrence
 operating losses and expenses that could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows. Acquisitions involve numerous other risks



















































































































 including property
 general and product liability
 and workers' compensation to protect ourselves against potential loss exposures. In the future
 insurance coverage may not be available at adequate levels or on adequate terms to cover potential losses
 including on terms that meet our customer's requirements. If insurance coverage is inadequate or unavailable
 we may face claims that exceed coverage limits or that are not covered






 we may be unable or unwilling to strictly enforce our intellectual property rights
 including our trademarks



 which are costly to defend






 the number of products and competitors in our markets increases and product overlaps occur
 infringement claims may increase in number and significance. Intellectual property lawsuits are subject to inherent uncertainties due to the complexity of the technical issues involved
 and we cannot be certain that we would be successful in defending ourselves against intellectual property claims. Further
 many potential litigants have the capability to dedicate substantially greater resources than we can to enforce their intellectual property rights and to defend claims that may be brought against them. Furthermore












 in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements
 or the incidence of manufacturing errors
 could result in consumer injury or death
 product shortages
 product recalls or withdrawals
 delays or failures in product testing or delivery
 cost overruns or other problems that could seriously harm our business. Contract manufacturers often encounter difficulties involving production yields
 quality control and quality assurance
 as well as shortages of qualified personnel. Our existing manufacturers and any future contract manufacturers may not perform as agreed or may not remain in the contract manufacturing business. In the event of a natural disaster
 business failure
 strike or other difficulty
 we may be unable to replace a third-party manufacturer in a timely manner and the production of our products would be interrupted
 resulting in delays






 we have not experienced any shortages or delays in obtaining raw materials. If circumstances changed
 shortages could result in materially higher raw material prices or adversely affect our ability to have a product manufactured. Price increases from a supplier would directly affect our profitability if we are not able to pass price increases on to customers. Our inability to obtain adequate supplies of raw materials in a timely manner or a material increase in the price of our raw materials could have a material adverse effect on our business






 and we may become involved in litigation from time to time
 we could incur substantial judgments
 fines



 labeling and advertising for our products are regulated by various federal
 state and local agencies as well as those of each foreign country to which we distribute. These governmental authorities may commence regulatory or legal proceedings
 which could restrict the permissible scope of our product claims or the ability to manufacture and sell our products in the future. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration
 or FDA
 regulates our products to ensure that the products are not adulterated or misbranded. Failure to comply with FDA requirements may result in
 among other things
 injunctions
 product withdrawals
 recalls
 product seizures
 fines and criminal prosecutions. Our advertising is subject to regulation by the Federal Trade Commission
 or FTC
 under the Federal Trade Commission Act. In recent years the FTC has initiated numerous investigations of dietary supplement and weight loss products and companies. Additionally
 some states also permit advertising and labeling laws to be enforced by private attorney generals
 who may seek relief for consumers
 seek class action certifications
 seek class wide damages and product recalls of products sold by us. Any of these types of adverse actions against us by governmental authorities or private litigants could have a material adverse effect on our business









 and the market prices of companies listed on the over-the-counter Bulletin Board quotation system in which shares of our common stock are listed
 have been volatile in the past and have experienced sharp share price and trading volume changes. The trading price of our common stock is likely to be volatile and could fluctuate widely in response to many factors
 including the following

















































 as well as general economic and political conditions unrelated to our performance
 may adversely affect the price of our common stock. 










 including the fact that we are a small company which is relatively unknown to stock analysts
 stock brokers
 institutional investors and others in the investment community who generate or influence sales volume.&#160;&#160;Even if we came to the attention of such persons
 those persons tend to be risk-averse and may be reluctant to follow
 purchase
 or recommend the purchase of shares of an unproven company such as ours until such time as we become more seasoned and viable. As a consequence
 there may be periods of several days or more when trading activity in our shares is minimal or non-existent
 as compared to a seasoned issuer which has a large and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous sales without an adverse effect on share price. We cannot give you any assurance that a broader or more active public trading market for our common stock will develop or be sustained




 which could lead to wide fluctuations in our share price. You may be unable to sell your common stock at or above your purchase price if at all




 according to SEC Release No. 34-29093
 the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include (1) control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter or issuer; (2) manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases; (3) boiler room practices involving high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced sales persons; (4) excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differential and markups by selling broker-dealers; and (5) the wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level
 along with the resulting inevitable collapse of those prices and with consequent investor losses. Our management is aware of the abuses that have occurred historically in the penny stock market. Although we do not expect to be in a position to dictate the behavior of the market or of broker-dealers who participate in the market







 it would be contingent upon our revenues and earnings
 if any
 capital requirements
 and general financial condition. The payment of any common stock dividends will be within the discretion of our Board of Directors. We presently intend to deploy available capital to execute our business plan; accordingly




 some brokers may be unwilling to trade our securities. This means that you may have difficulty reselling your shares




 broker-dealers must make a special suitability determination and receive a written agreement prior from you to making a sale on your behalf. Because of the imposition of the foregoing additional sales practices








 which could depress the price of our shares.


 broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer's financial status
 tax status and investment objectives
 among other things. Under interpretations of these rules
 FINRA believes that there is a high probability such speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. Thus
 FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock
 which may limit your ability to buy and sell our shares
 have an adverse effect on the market for our shares






 and we expect that our share price will continue to be more volatile than a seasoned issuer for the indefinite future. In the past
 plaintiffs have often initiated securities class action litigation against a company following periods of volatility in the market price of its securities. We may
 in the future



 officer and employees under Nevada law and the existence of indemnification rights of our director
 officer and employees may result in substantial expenditures by our Company and may discourage lawsuits against our director



 fraud or knowing violation of law
 or the payment of dividends.&#160; In addition
 our bylaws implement indemnification provisions requiring the Company to indemnify our directors to the fullest extent permitted by state law
 and permit our board of directors to indemnify our officers.&#160; We may also have contractual indemnification obligations under our employment agreements with our officers. The foregoing indemnification obligations could result in our company incurring substantial expenditures to cover the cost of settlement or damage awards against directors and officers
 which we may be unable to recoup. These provisions and resultant costs may also discourage our company from bringing a lawsuit against directors and officers for breaches of their fiduciary duties
 and may similarly discourage the filing of derivative litigation by our shareholders against our directors and officers even though such actions
 if successful





 we are subject to certain rules and regulations of federal
 state and financial market exchange entities charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded. These entities
 including the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
 the SEC and FINRA
 have issued requirements and regulations and continue to develop additional regulations and requirements in response to corporate scandals and laws enacted by Congress
 most notably the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Our efforts to comply with these regulations have resulted in
 and are likely to continue resulting in
 increased general and administrative expenses and diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. Because new and modified laws
 regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations in many cases due to their lack of specificity







 we will incur significant legal




 including certain requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 as well as new rules implemented by the SEC and FINRA.&#160; We expect these rules and regulations
 in particular Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 to significantly increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time-consuming and costly. Like many smaller public companies
 we face a significant impact from required compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Section 404 requires management of public companies to evaluate the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting and the independent auditors to attest to the effectiveness of such internal controls and the evaluation performed by management. The SEC has adopted rules implementing Section 404 for public companies as well as disclosure requirements. The Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
 or PCAOB
 has adopted documentation and attestation standards that the independent auditors must follow in conducting its attestation under Section 404. We are currently preparing for compliance with Section 404; however
 there can be no assurance that we will be able to effectively meet all of the requirements of Section 404 as currently known to us in the currently mandated timeframe. Any failure to implement effectively new or improved internal controls
 or to resolve difficulties encountered in their implementation
 could harm our operating results
 cause us to fail to meet reporting obligations or result in management being required to give a qualified assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting or our independent auditors providing an adverse opinion regarding management's assessment. Any such result could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information




 it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve on our Board of Directors or as executive officers. We are currently evaluating and monitoring developments with respect to these new rules











 as amended (the Securities Act) (Rule 144). As restricted shares
 these shares may be resold only pursuant to an effective registration statement or under the requirements of Rule 144 or other applicable exemptions from registration under the Securities Act and as required under applicable state securities laws. Rule 144 provides in essence that one year following a company ceasing to be a shell company and filing Form 10 information with the SEC to that effect
 a non-affiliate who has held restricted securities for a period of at least six months may sell their shares of common stock. Under Rule 144
 affiliates who have held restricted securities for a period of at least six months may
 under certain conditions
 sell every three months
 in brokerage transactions
 a number of shares that does not exceed the greater of 1% of a company's outstanding shares of common stock or the average weekly trading volume during the four calendar weeks prior to the sale (the four calendar week rule does not apply to companies quoted on the OTCQB). A sale under Rule 144 or under any other exemption from the Securities Act
 if available
 or pursuant to subsequent registrations of our shares of common stock








 and that it has filed all relevant periodic reports that it is required to file. We were a shell company prior to filing Form 10 information with the SEC ceasing to be a shell company more than a year ago. Therefore
 if we become delinquent with our SEC reporting obligations
 any holders of restricted securities will no longer be able to sell their shares under the requirements of Rule 144 until
 if ever













 Salt Lake City
 Utah
 84020. Our telephone number is 801-576-8350. Our office is approximately 3
000 square feet in size. The lease expires on December 31

 the rent for the fiscal years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013
 totaled $50
115 and $46
140
 respectively.


The Company has three separate subleases for three rooms totaling 1
Two of the subleases were terminated in September 2013 and October 2013. Pursuant to the sublease agreements
fiscal years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013
totaled $1
$12
500
 respectively.



 2013
 and is now leased on a month-to-month basis. Rent expense under the operating lease totaled $4
346 and $3
717 at July 31
 2014 and 2013





From time to time
 we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However
 litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. Except as set forth below
 we are currently not aware of any such pending or threatened legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our business




 2013
 the Company's subsidiary
 Health Education Corporation (Health Education)
 served a complaint on Ignite Naturals
 Inc.
 a customer (Ignite)
 for breach of contract and failure to pay amounts owed by Ignite for its purchase orders with Health Education
 and seeking general damages of $146
352.76.&#160; Ignite subsequently removed the case from Utah state court to federal district court
 and filed an Answer and Counterclaim
 which the Company answered on September 9
 2013.&#160; Ignite's counsel subsequently withdrew from the case
 the court ordered Defendant to have new counsel appear within 21 days
 and on November 18
 2013
 the court entered an order ordering Defendant to
 within 14 days of the order
 show cause why sanctions against Defendant should not be imposed for failure to appoint counsel.&#160; On December 10
 2013
 for Defendant's failure to appear at the initial pretrial conference or show cause why sanctions against Defendant were not appropriate
 the court entered an order imposing terminating sanctions on Defendant and directing the court clerk to enter judgment in favor of Health Education for $146
352.76.&#160; On December 12
 2013
 the court entered judgment in favor of Health Education against Ignite for $146



 2013
 the Company
 through counsel
 sent a demand to Zions Bank (Zions) in connection with the three wires sent by Zions pursuant to oral instructions received from the person fraudulently identifying himself as Dr. Gibbs via telephone (totaling $208
920)
 for an immediate credit to the Company's bank account of all unrecovered funds from those wires (totaling $54
028).&#160; On January 7
 2014
 the Company settled with Zions in full
 and Zions paid the Company $27



 2014
 the Company's subsidiary
 Health Education Corporation (Health Education)
 was served a copy of a complaint filed by EpicEra Incorporated (Epic) in the Utah Third Judicial District Court for the return of a $100
000 deposit paid by Epic to Health Education for the supply of nutritional products.&#160;On April 16
 2014
 Health Education answered the Complaint and filed a counterclaim against Epic and third-party claims against eCosway USA
 Inc. (eCosway, which is Epic's owner)
 and its principals
 for breach of a non-disclosure and non-circumvention agreement
 unjust enrichment
 fraud
 and fraudulent nondisclosure.&#160;Health Education's claims alleged that (1) eCosway and its principals have defrauded Health Education and engaged in a scheme of corporate espionage to misappropriate Health Education's proprietary information and trade secrets to launch their new multilevel marketing company
 Epic; (2) under the fraudulent guise of partnering with Health Education to have Health Education formulate and produce the health products to be sold by Epic's distributors
 eCosway and its principals signed a non-disclosure and non-circumvention agreement that they had no intention of honoring in order to gain access to Health Education's proprietary information so that they could steal that information and use it for their own benefit; (3) Health Education relied upon the non-disclosure and non-circumvention agreement and misrepresentations of Epic
 eCosway
 and its principals
 and disclosed the proprietary information and formulations














Market for Registrant's Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.





The range of high and low closing bid quotations for the Company's common stock during each quarter of the fiscal years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013
 is shown below
. Prices are inter-dealer quotations
 without retail mark-up





























































































































































































































 2014
 the Company had 30 shareholders of record of common stock
 including shares held by brokerage clearing houses
















 other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ Stock Market System
 provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or quotation system. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer
 prior to a transaction in a penny stock
 to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the Commission




 clear
 narrative description of a dealer market




 including language
 type
 size and format



 prior to effecting any transaction in a penny stock












 the penny stock rules that require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules; the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written acknowledgement of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement
 a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks





















 2014
 Asher Enterprises converted $15
000 of principal related to its January 14
 2014
 convertible note into 586




 2014
 Asher converted an additional $15
000 of principal related to its January 14
 2014
 convertible note into 810




 2014
 Asher converted an additional $12
000 of principal related to its January 14
 2014
 convertible note into 869
















 2014 and 2013
 that appear elsewhere in this report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans
 estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include
 but are not limited to
 those discussed below and elsewhere in this annual report
















For the Years Ended July 31
 2014 and 2013



 2014 and 2013





























































402









858














655











211
















664




































































































172

















































847
652 in the fiscal year ending July 31
 2013
 to $2
393
071 in the fiscal year ending July 31
 2014
 a decrease of 15.96% totaling $454
581. The decrease was due to a decrease in product sales with our larger customers. The revenues from NBA services decreased from $10
548 in the 2013 fiscal year to $9
698 in the 2014 fiscal year



Revenue derived from sales in the Americas totaled $1
594
361
 or 66.36%
 in the 2014 fiscal year as compared to $2
058
531
 or 72.02%
 in the 2013 fiscal year. Revenue derived from sales outside of the Americas totaled $808
408
 or 33.65%
 in the 2014 fiscal year as compared to $799
669
 or 27.97%




393
071
 or 99.60%
 in the 2014 fiscal year as compared to $2
847
652
 or 99.63%
 in 2013. The Company also derived revenue from NBA services in the amount of $9.698
 or 0.40%
 in 2014 as compared to $10
548
 or 0.37%




211
702 in the 2013 fiscal year to $1
655
580 in the 2014 fiscal year
 a decrease of 25.1% totaling $556




652 in the 2013 fiscal year to $231
597 in the 2014 fiscal year
 an increase of 1
290.8% totaling $214
945. 



 2014 and 2013
 and five of our suppliers make up approximately 70% and 81% of our total purchases for the years ending July 31
 2014 and 2013. While we have had simple purchase orders with this customer and these suppliers in the past (for quantities of our supplements and supplement ingredients at various prices and negotiated on a case-by-case basis)
 we do not have and have never had production or supply agreements with this customer or these suppliers
 we do not have purchase or supply agreements with this customer or these suppliers governing future orders
 and were we to lose this customer or these suppliers
 our business would be harmed. Our revenues would significantly decline were we to lose this customer






For the Years Ended July 31
 2014 and 2013



 2014 and 2013






























































































































































Our total operating expenses for the year ended July 31
 2014
 were $2
664
628 as compared to $801
297 for the year ended July 31
 2013
 an increase of 232.54% totaling $1
863




522 in fiscal 2013 to $796
939 in fiscal 2014
 an increase of 126.70% totaling $445
417. The increase is due mostly to increases in shipping
 advertising
 amortization




 which decreased research and development expense in the current year from $44
706 in fiscal 2013 to $32
233 in fiscal 2014
 a decrease of $12




994 in fiscal 2013 to $925
890 in fiscal 2014
 an increase of 4
531% totaling $905

 in the current fiscal year
 engaging outside consultants to provide sales and management services
 engaging outside accountants to provide accounting services
 engaging auditors to review and audit its financial statements
 incurring increased legal expenses
 and issuing stock for services as a result of becoming a public company in the current fiscal year.



075 in fiscal 2013 to $909
566
 an increase of 136% totaling $524

334 shares of common stock to the Company's president and director during the second quarter and an increase in salaries to executives in the current fiscal year.












For the Years Ended July 31
 2014 and 2013



















































































235














































For the Years Ended July 31
 2014 and 2013













































































































































































































































825 during the fiscal year ended July 31
 2014
 as compared to $450
137 in the comparable period in 2013; the increase was primarily due to current year increases in other current assets
 prepaid expenses
 and cash partially offset by an decrease in accounts receivable. The Company had current liabilities of $1
235
919 during the year ended July 31
 2014
 as compared to $688
339 in the comparable period in 2013. The increase is mainly due to an increase in a derivative liability
 an increase in unearned revenues

 current portion of related party notes payable

757
633. As of July 31
 2014
 the Company had working capital deficit of $704
094 due to an influx of cash from an increase in borrowing during the fiscal year ended July 31
 2014
 as compared to a working capital deficit in July 31
 2013
 of $238







360) during the fiscal year ended July 31
 2014
 as compared to $8

 share based compensation
 accounts receivable
 inventory
 unearned revenue
 advances on royalties
 and accounts payable.



927 during the fiscal year ended July 31
 2014
 as compared to ($27

 partially offset by a decrease in payments of related party notes payable.



461) during the fiscal year ended July 31
 2014
 as compared to ($1

 which was less than the purchases in the same period in 2014.





 2014
 the Company amended the License Agreement entered into on November 18
 2013
 between the Company and Genesar to remove the clause that states that royalty payments will begin after the Company sells 4
000 boxes to instead begin royalty payments on sales after August 5
 2014
 and add a minimum royalty payment of $5
000 per year. The amendment also adjusted the royalty fee to $5/box of 30 sachets of GenEpic sold by the Company. The advance of $140




 2014
 the Company issued a fourth put notice to Southridge Partners II
 LP (Southridge) pursuant to the Company's Equity Purchase Agreement with Southridge
 and the registration statement relating thereto
 for 595
134 shares of common stock
 and issued an additional 4
866 shares related to the third put notice as required by the true-up provision in the Equity Purchase Agreement
 receiving net funds of $31
623 from Southridge
 and subsequently issuing Southridge an additional 7
554 shares of common stock as true-up shares related to the fourth put notice on September 16




 2014
 Asher Enterprises
 Inc. (Asher) converted $15
000 of principal related to its January 14
 2014
 convertible note into 583




 2014
 Asher converted an additional $15
000 of principal related to its January 14
 2014
 convertible note into 810




 2014
 Asher converted $12
000 of additional principal related to its January 14
 2014
 convertible note into 869










 including the economic environment
 which management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Management adjusts such estimates and assumptions when facts and circumstances dictate. As future events and their effects cannot be determined with precision














 2014 and 2013







 sale of retail products
 and revenue derived from educational services.


 Revenue Recognition
 and other applicable revenue recognition guidance under US GAAP. Sales revenue is recognized for our retail and wholesale customers when: (i) persuasive evidence of a sales arrangement exists
 (ii) the sales terms are fixed or determinable
 (iii) title and risk of loss have transferred
generally when products are shipped to the customer and services are rendered
 except in situations in which title passes upon receipt of the products by the customer. In this case
 revenues are recognized upon notification that customer receipt has occurred. The Company accrues an estimated amount for sales returns and allowances related to defective or returned products at the time of sale based on its ability to estimate sales returns and allowances using historical information. As of July 31
 2014 and 2013




 distribution fees
 testing and labeling costs
 as well as any associated administrative fees. The Company recognizes these revenues after the product has been shipped from the outsource manufacturer to the trade partner. The Company has contractual obligation to pay the outsource manufacturers
 and as a principal in these arrangements the Company includes the total product price as revenue in accordance with applicable accounting guidance. The Company has separately negotiated contractual relationships with its trade partners






The Company recorded unearned revenue of $338
263 and $58
418 as of July 31
 2014 and 2013







 direct labor and overhead costs)
 shipping and handling expense
 insurance on inventory







708 and $50
284 during the years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013







 do not bear interest and do not generally require collateral. The Company adjusts credit limits based upon payment history and the customer's current creditworthiness. The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon a variety of factors. The Company reviews all open accounts and provides specific reserves for customer collection issues when it believes the loss is probable
 considering such factors as the length of time receivables are past due
 the financial condition of the customer
 and historical experience. The Company also records a reserve for all customers
 excluding those that have been specifically reserved for
 based upon evaluation of historical losses. The Company recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts of $106
617 and $112
389 as of July 31
 2014 and 2013






Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. The cost for inventories is determined using the first-in
 first-out method on the weighted average basis. The cost includes all expenditures incurred in bringing the goods to the point of sale and putting them in a salable condition. In assessing the ultimate realization of inventories
 the Company makes judgments as to future demand requirements compared to current or committed inventory levels. The Company estimates the demand requirements based on market conditions
 forecasts prepared by its customers
 sales contracts and orders in hand. In addition
 the Company estimates net realizable value based on intended use

 2014 and 2013














































































































































 which potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk
 consist principally of cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 lines of credit
 and notes payable. Due to short-term maturities
 the carrying amount of these instruments approximates fair value. Our cash balances are maintained in accounts held by major banks and financial institutions located in the United States. The Company occasionally maintains amounts on deposit with a financial institution that are in excess of the federally insured limit of $250
000. The risk is managed by maintaining all deposits in high quality financial institutions. The Company had $0 of cash balances in excess of federally insured limits at July 31






































































 a loss is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair market value of the long-lived assets. Loss on long-lived assets to be disposed of is determined in a similar manner
 except that fair market values are reduced for the cost of disposal. For the years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013









The Company follows the provisions of ASC 718 which requires all share-based payments to employees
 including grants of employee stock options




The Company records the stock-based compensation awards issued to non-employees and other external entities for goods and services at either the fair market value of the goods received or services rendered or the instruments issued in exchange for such services
 whichever is more readily determinable

 whichever is earlier.





The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities














 2014 and 2013







 sales taxes are collected from customers. Such taxes collected are remitted
 in a timely manner
 to the appropriate governmental tax authority on behalf of the customer. The Company's policy is to present revenue and costs







 requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy based on the level of independent










 such as cash and cash equivalents
 prepaid expenses
 deposit
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities




 contractual terms
 default provisions
 maturity
 risk free rates
 as well as assumptions about future financings
 volatility






 the FASB amended Accounting Standards Update (ASU) ASU 205-40
an entity's management should evaluate whether there are conditions or events
 considered in the aggregate
 that raise substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or within one year after the date that the financial statements are available to be issued when applicable). Although public companies are required to apply the new guidance to all reporting periods beginning on or after December 15
 2016 (all other entities in the following year)


 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) ASU 606 which superseded and replaced ASC 605-25
 Revenue Recognition: Multiple-Element Arrangements
 and most of ASC 985-605
 Software: Revenue Recognition
 which applies to all software and SaaS arrangements. Although public companies are required to apply the new guidance to all reporting periods beginning on or after December 15
 2016 (all other entities in the following year)











 the Company has negative working capital and insufficient cash flows from operation as of July 31
 2014
 and does not have the requisite liquidity to pay its current obligations. These factors
 among others
 raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management will seek to increase revenues and reduce costs
































































































































































 Inc. as of July 31
 2014
 and the related statement of operations
 stockholders' deficiency




 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.&#160; Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting.&#160; Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.&#160; An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management




 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Nutranomics
 Inc. as of&#160; July 31
 2014
















































































 Inc.) (the Company) as of July 31
 2013
 and the related statements of operations
 stockholders' deficit
 and cash flows for the year ended July 31




 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management




 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Health Education Corporation (d.b.a. Nutranomics
 Inc.) as of July 31
 2013
 and the results of its operations and cash flows for the year ended July 31
 2013




 the Company has experienced losses from operations











 2013 except for the last paragraph of Note 1
 as to which the date is November 13





















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































235





























































































































918





















































 750
000
000 shares authorized; 51
151
766 and 25
005
544 shares issued and outstanding at July 31
 2014 and July 31
 2013

























337







271












757









585



























368




































































































































































402









858












655







211































































































































































































664
































917












































































































































































172



















































172













































































587







993
























587







993



















































































































































































































 July 31






977


















266









413








































































































































































































 July 31






005


















271









585


















































500


































































500
































































429











































































































































































172









172


































 July 31






151


















337









757











368







































































































172














































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 Inc.
 (the Company) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on February 14
 1996 and later reincorporated under the laws of the State of Utah on January 5
 1998. The Company was originally organized to provide education services
 books
 cassette tapes and public presentations. The Company utilized several revenue generating tools in order to accomplish this goal including Live Blood Analysis
 iridology
 bone density screening and other self-help methods. In 1998
 the Company changed its incorporation to the State of Utah
 the primary place of business. In 2001
 the Company created its own line of nutritional products that quickly became its leading revenue source. The Company filed for the d.b.a. of NutraNomics
 Inc.
 in order to fully prepare and utilize the brand name for expansion. In retail outlets and to its clientele
 the Company is known as NutraNomics
 Inc. The Company sells its own brand of supplements in 16 countries direct to the public. The Company also performs research and development services and outsource manufacturing for third party entities. Beyond its sales in both the United States and Canada
 the Company maintains sales representatives in Taiwan
 Japan
 Singapore
 Philippines
 Malaysia and South Korea. The Company maintains multiple different trademarks







 2013
 Buka Ventures
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation (Buka) and Health Education Corporation dba. Nutranomics
 Inc.
 a Utah corporation (Nutranomics)
 executed and delivered a Share Exchange Agreement (the Share Agreement) and all required or necessary documentation to complete a merger (collectively
 the Transaction Documents)
 whereby Buka became the parent company and Nutranomics became the wholly-owned subsidiary on the closing of the Share Agreement. Prior to the closing of this transaction and pursuant to a certain Share Exchange Agreement dated September 13
 2013
 Buka canceled 25
000
000 of its 46
500
000 issued and outstanding common shares and simultaneously issued 25
005
544 shares of its common stock in exchange for 8
994
800 shares of Nutranomics common stock. The merger has been treated as a reverse acquisition and a recapitalization of a public company. Accordingly
 the historic financial statements of the Company are the historic financial statements of Nutranomics
 which was incorporated on January 5








 including the economic environment
 which management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Management adjusts such estimates and assumptions when facts and circumstances dictate. As future events and their effects cannot be determined with precision











 2014 and 2013





 sale of retail products
 and revenue derived from educational services.


 Revenue Recognition
 and other applicable revenue recognition guidance under US GAAP. Sales revenue is recognized for our retail and wholesale customers when: (i) persuasive evidence of a sales arrangement exists
 (ii) the sales terms are fixed or determinable
 (iii) title and risk of loss have transferred
 and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured &#8212; generally when products are shipped to the customer and services are rendered
 except in situations in which title passes upon receipt of the products by the customer. In this case
 revenues are recognized upon notification that customer receipt has occurred. The Company accrues an estimated amount for sales returns and allowances related to defective or returned products at the time of sale based on its ability to estimate sales returns and allowances using historical information. As of July 31
 2014 and 2013




 distribution fees
 testing and labeling costs
 as well as any associated administrative fees. The Company recognizes these revenues after the product has been shipped from the outsource manufacturer to the trade partner. The Company has contractual obligation to pay the outsource manufacturers
 and as a principal in these arrangements the Company includes the total product price as revenue in accordance with applicable accounting guidance. The Company has separately negotiated contractual relationships with its trade partners



The Company recorded unearned revenue of $338
263 and $58
418 as of July 31
 2014 and 2013








 direct labor and overhead costs)
 shipping and handling expense
 insurance on inventory





708 and $50
284 during the years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013





 do not bear interest and do not generally require collateral. The Company adjusts credit limits based upon payment history and the customer's current creditworthiness. The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon a variety of factors. The Company reviews all open accounts and provides specific reserves for customer collection issues when it believes the loss is probable
 considering such factors as the length of time receivables are past due
 the financial condition of the customer
 and historical experience. The Company also records a reserve for all customers
 excluding those that have been specifically reserved for
 based upon evaluation of historical losses. The Company recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts of $106
617 and $112
389 as of July 31
 2014 and 2013




Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. The cost for inventories is determined using the first-in
 first-out method on the weighted average basis. The cost includes all expenditures incurred in bringing the goods to the point of sale and putting them in a salable condition. In assessing the ultimate realization of inventories
 the Company makes judgments as to future demand requirements compared to current or committed inventory levels. The Company estimates the demand requirements based on market conditions
 forecasts prepared by its customers
 sales contracts and orders in hand. In addition
 the Company estimates net realizable value based on intended use
 current market value and inventory aging analyses. The Company writes down inventories for estimated obsolescence or unmarketable inventory equal to the difference between the cost of inventories and their estimated market value based upon assumptions about future demand and market conditions. 











































































































































 which potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk
 consist principally of cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 lines of credit
 and notes payable. Due to short-term maturities
 the carrying amount of these instruments approximates fair value. Our cash balances are maintained in accounts held by major banks and financial institutions located in the United States. The Company occasionally maintains amounts on deposit with a financial institution that are in excess of the federally insured limit of $250
000. The risk is managed by maintaining all deposits in high quality financial institutions. The Company had $0 of cash balances in excess of federally insured limits at July 31




































































 a loss is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair market value of the long-lived assets. Loss on long-lived assets to be disposed of is determined in a similar manner
 except that fair market values are reduced for the cost of disposal. For the years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013





233 and $44
706 during the years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013







The Company follows the provisions of ASC 718 which requires all share-based payments to employees
 including grants of employee stock options





 whichever is more readily determinable

 whichever is earlier.



The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities












 2014 and 2013





 2014 and 2013
 respectively. The loss of this customer would have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial condition and results of operation. There are currently five and&#160;three vendors that make up 70% and 81% of total purchases as of July 31
 2014 and 2013





 sales taxes are collected from customers. Such taxes collected are remitted
 in a timely manner
 to the appropriate governmental tax authority on behalf of the customer. The Company's policy is to present revenue and costs





 requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy based on the level of independent










 such as cash and cash equivalents
 prepaid expenses
 deposit
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities




 contractual terms
 default provisions
 maturity
 risk free rates
 as well as assumptions about future financings
 volatility





 the FASB amended Accounting Standards Update (ASU) ASU 205-40
an entity's management should evaluate whether there are conditions or events
 considered in the aggregate
 that raise substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or within one year after the date that the financial statements are available to be issued when applicable). Although public companies are required to apply the new guidance to all reporting periods beginning on or after December 15
 2016 (all other entities in the following year)


 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) ASU 606 which superseded and replaced ASC 605-25
 Revenue Recognition: Multiple-Element Arrangements
 and most of ASC 985-605
 Software: Revenue Recognition
 which applies to all software and SaaS arrangements. Although public companies are required to apply the new guidance to all reporting periods beginning on or after December 15
 2016 (all other entities in the following year)



 the Company has negative working capital and insufficient cash flows from operation as of July 31
 2014
 and does not have the requisite liquidity to pay its current obligations. These factors
 among others
will seek to increase revenues and reduce costs











 contingencies






































































































































































































































































































































027




























































070











































































































The Company sustained net operating losses in 2014 in the accompanying statements of operations. No deferred tax asset or income tax benefits are reflected in the financial statements for net deductible temporary differences or net operating loss carryforwards
 because the likelihood of realization of the related tax benefits cannot be established. Accordingly
 a valuation allowance has been recorded to reduce the net deferred tax asset to zero
 and consequently there is no income tax provision or benefit presented for the fiscal years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013. The valuation allowance increased by $775
791 to $1
070




 2014
 the Company had net operating loss carryforwards for tax reporting purposes of approximately $2
812
000. These net operating loss carryforwards
 if unused
 begin to expire in 2023. As of July 31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company has no liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits. The Company's policy is to recognize potential interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits within income tax expense. For the years ended July 31
 2014
 and 2013
 the Company did not recognize any interest or penalties in its statement of operations
 nor did it have any interest or penalties accrued in its balance sheet at July 31











 2013
 the Company entered into a License Agreement (the License Agreement) with Gennesar Nutraceuticals
 LLC d/b/a Genesar Nutraceuticles
 a Utah limited liability company (Genesar)
 in which the Company's CEO is a minority owner. Pursuant to the License Agreement
 Genesar granted the Company a worldwide exclusive license to all rights relating to
 and intellectual property regarding
 GenEpic&#8482;







 Genesar is entitled to receive 100
000 restricted shares of the Company common stock valued at $60
900 based on the market price on the date of execution
 which were issued on March 26
 2014
 a royalty fee of $4/box of 30 sachets of GenEpic sold by the Company beginning after 4
000 boxes have been sold
 and a payment of $200
000 for advances on royalty fees
 due by December 1
 2013. The License Agreement has an initial term of 36 months
 and will automatically renew for another 36-month term unless terminated by providing 90 days written notice to the other party prior to the end of the term. As of July 31
 2014
 the Company had paid $140
000 of the $200
000 prepayment of royalty fees
 which will be offset against future royalty fees incurred on products sold. Subsequent to July 31
 2014
 the Company amended the agreement to (1) remove the clause triggering royalty payments to begin after 4
000 boxes have been sold
 of each month following the end of each of the Company's fiscal quarters
 (2) adding a minimum royalty payment of $25
000 per year
 (3) adjust the royalty fee to $5/box of 30 sachets of GenEpic sold by the Company from $4/box
 and (4) restructuring the advance of $140
000
 to a one-time license payment
 which would no longer be offset against future royalty fees incurred on products sold. As of July 31
 2014
 the balance of $140
000 in advances on royalties has been expensed







000 square foot office in the Draper
 Utah that serves as its principal executive offices. The lease expires on December 31
 2014. Pursuant to the lease
 the rent for the fiscal years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013 totaled $50
115 and $46
140



The Company has three separate subleases for three rooms totaling 1




500
 respectively.



 2013 and is now leased on a month-to-month basis. Rent expense under the operating lease totaled $4
346 and $3
717 at July 31
 2014 and 2013


































































































 2014 and 2013. Depreciation expense was $7
442 and $8
319 for the years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013






















































































































































 the Company entered into a two year
 zero percent note with an 8% imputed interest rate with an officer
 in the amount of $150
000. The note is due on December 31
 2014. The Company agreed to pay royalty payments in connection with sales of a certain product line. The Company paid royalty payments of $38
392 and $1
063 in the years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013




 2014 and 2013
 the Company owed a total of $36
608 and $75







 2014 and 2013
 the officer lent $0 and $16
208 and the Company made payments of $3
431 and $7
381
 respectively. As of July 31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company owed a total of $21
083 and $24










 2012
 with an available $250
000 to be drawn on for one year
 not to exceed the principal amount (draw period). Once the draw period is completed
 advances will no longer be permitted and the Company shall repay the principal and interest outstanding
 over 5 years (repayment period). The repayment period begins August 28
 2013
 after which a minimum monthly payment amount will be determined. The initial interest rate is 5.210%
 and is variable. The variable interest rate is based on an independent index which is the prime rate as published each business day in the Money Rates column of the Wall Street Journal. Interest on the note is computed on a 365/365 simple interest basis
 using 1.960% points over the index. The Lender executed a commercial security agreement. With this agreement
 the Lender is entitled to a security interest in the Company's inventory
 chattel paper
 accounts receivable and general intangibles. In August 2013
 the line of credit was converted into a note
 and the Company is no longer able to borrow any additional funds. Under the new terms of the note
 the note has a face value of $250
000 that matures on September 1
 2018
 with an interest rate of prime plus 1.960%
 and as of the date of the note
 the interest rate was 5.21%. The note has minimum monthly payments of $4
745 which started on October 1
 2013. The balance outstanding on this note and line of credit as of July 31
 2014 and July 31
 2013 was $208
901 and $244
000
 respectively. As of July 31
 2014
 the Company has paid $41
099 in principal payments. The Lender allowed the Company to absorb a prior $50
000 note into this note
 not affecting the repayment date. The Company did incur issuance costs of $4
037




 2013
 the Company issued a promissory note to Southridge as part of an equity purchase agreement (the Equity Purchase Agreement) for $50
000
 with 0% interest. The note was issued in lieu of due diligence and legal fees. This note matured and was paid in full on May 31




 2014 and July 31
 2013


































































000 face value
 converted from a LOC on August 28
 2013
 interest rate of 5.21%
 matures on September 1























000 face value
 issued on December 9
 2013
 with no interest rate
 matured and was paid in full on May 31














































































 the Company entered into a line of credit with Zions Bank (Lender) with a credit limit of $40
000. The line bears a compounding per annum fixed interest rate of 5.25%. As of July 31
 2014 and July 31
 2013
 the Company owed $33
098 and $17
911 in principal
 respectively. The Lender executed a commercial security agreement. With this agreement
 the Lender is entitled to a security interest in the Company's inventory
 chattel paper
 accounts receivable and general intangibles. The Company did incur a setup fee







 2014 and July 31
 2013






















































000 face value
 issued on September 27
 2013
 interest rate of 10%
 matures on September 27























000 face value
 issued on October 18
 2013
 interest rate of 10%
 matures on October 18



















000 face value
 issued on November 22
 2013
 interest rate of 10%
 matures on November 22



















500 face value
 issued on January 14
 2014
 interest rate of 8%
 matures on October 14
 2014
 net of unamortized discount of $48
741 and $0 as of July 31
 2014 and July 31



















000 face value
 issued on March 19
 2014
 interest rate of 8%
 matures on December 26
 2014
 net of unamortized discount of $39
087 and $0 as of July 31
 2014 and July 31



















000 face value
 issued on May 15
 2014
 interest rate of 8%
 matures on February 2
 2015
 net of unamortized discount of $47
673 and $0 as of January 31
 2014 and July 31



















































































 2013
 the Company issued a convertible note to an unrelated party for $250
000 that matures in September 27
 2015. The note bears an interest rate of 10% per annum with a floor of $.005 per share
 and principal is convertible at any time after September 27




 2013
 the Company issued a convertible note to an unrelated party for $125
000 that matures in October 18
 2015. The note bears an interest rate of 10% per annum with a floor of $.005 per share
 and principal is convertible at any time after October 18




 2013
 the Company issued a convertible note to an unrelated party for $150
000 that matures in November 22
 2015. The note bears an interest rate of 10% per annum with a floor of $.005 per share
 and principal is convertible at any time after November 22




 2014
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with Asher Enterprises
 Inc. (Asher) a Delaware Corporation for an 8% convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of $78
500 which together with any unpaid accrued interest is due on October 17
 2014. This convertible note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible into shares of common stock at the holder's option 180 days from inception at a variable conversion price calculated as 58% of the Market Price
 which means the average of the lowest three Trading Prices (defined as the closing bid prices) during the ten trading day period ending on the last complete trading day prior to the conversion date with a floor of $.00005 as stated in the conversion feature. In January 2014
 the Company received cash in the amount of $58
600
 with the remaining $19
900 being used for legal and accounting fees. The Company analyzed the note on the issuance date on January 14
 2014. The Company determined that the variable conversion price and the floor exceeding the authorized number of shares results in the need for bifurcation into a separate derivative liability valued at fair market value. On January 14
 2014
 the Company estimated the fair market value of the derivative liability associated with the bifurcated conversion feature to be $87
968 and a discount on the note of $78




 2014
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with KBM Worldwide
 Inc. (KBM) a New York Corporation for an 8% convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of $53
000 which together with any unpaid accrued interest is due on December 26
 2014. This convertible note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible into shares of common stock at the holder's option 180 days from inception at a variable conversion price calculated as 58% of the Market Price
 which means the average of the lowest three Trading Prices (defined as the closing bid prices) during the three trading day period ending on the last complete trading day prior to the conversion date with a floor of $.00005 as stated in the conversion feature. In March 2014
 the Company received cash in the amount of $24
487
 with the remaining $6
898 being used for legal and accounting fees. The Company analyzed the note on the issuance date on January 14
 2014. The Company determined that the variable conversion price and the floor exceeding the authorized number of shares results in the need for bifurcation into a separate derivative liability valued at fair market value. On March 19
 2014
 the Company estimated the fair market value of the derivative liability associated with the bifurcated conversion feature to be $47
806 and a discount on the note of $49




 2014
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with KBM Worldwide
 Inc. (KBM) a New York Corporation for an 8% convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of $63
000 which together with any unpaid accrued interest is due on February 2
 2015. This convertible note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible into shares of common stock at the holder's option 180 days from inception at a variable conversion price calculated as 58% of the Market Price
 which means the average of the lowest three Trading Prices (defined as the closing bid prices) during the three trading day period ending on the last complete trading day prior to the conversion date with a floor of $.00005 as stated in the conversion feature. In May 2014
 the Company received cash in the amount of $42
500
 with the remaining $17
500 being used for legal fees. The Company analyzed the note on the issuance date on January 14
 2014. The Company determined that the variable conversion price and the floor exceeding the authorized number of shares results in the need for bifurcation into a separate derivative liability valued at fair market value. On May 15
 2014
 the Company estimated the fair market value of the derivative liability associated with the bifurcated conversion feature to be $56
591 and a discount on the note of $56




 2014
 the Company estimated the fair market value of the derivative liability to be $177
907
 with a change in fair value of $14
458
 and recorded $47







 2014 and July 31
 2013
 the Company has 750
000
000 shares of common stock authorized with a par value of $.001
 and 51
151
766 and 25
005
544 shares of common stock issued and outstanding




 2014
 the Company also issued 2
429
555 shares of Common Stock as share-based compensation to employees and non-employees valued at $807
852
 based on the market price of the stock as of the applicable measurement date. The Company also issued 1
500
000 shares of Common Stock as part of the Equity Purchase Agreement described in the following paragraphs for cash for $93
412. The Company also issued 716
667 shares of fully vested and nontransferable common stock as prepaid services over a six month period valued at $189











 LP (Southridge) on December 9
 2013. Pursuant to the Equity Purchase Agreement
 Southridge committed to purchase up to $10
000
000 of the Company's common stock
 over a period of time terminating on the earlier of: (i) 24 months from the effective date of a registration statement to be filed in connection therewith or (ii) the date on which Southridge has purchased shares of common stock pursuant to this agreement for an aggregate maximum purchase price of $10
000




 simultaneously with delivery of a Put Notice




 when aggregated with all other shares of common stock of the Company then beneficially owned by Southridge
 would result in Southridge owning more than 9.99% of all of the Company's common stock then outstanding. Also as part of the equity purchase agreement
 the Company issued a promissory note to Southridge for $50
000
 with 0% interest. This note matured on May 31
 2014
 and was not convertible into common stock. Finally
 as part of the equity purchase agreement

























if an injunction shall have been issued and remain in force
 or action commenced by a governmental authority which has not been stayed or abandoned
 prohibiting the purchase or the issuance of the shares to Southridge;




if the Company has not complied with their obligations and are otherwise in breach of or in default under
 the Equity Purchase Agreement
 our registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement) with Southridge or any other agreement executed in connection therewith with Southridge;
















 or as a result of any lawsuit brought by a third-party arising out of or resulting from Southridge's execution
 delivery




500
000 shares to be issued to Southridge under the Equity Purchase Agreement was declared effective by the SEC on May 5
 2014.&#160; As of July 31
 2014
 1
500







 which consists of a derivative liability on certain convertible notes payable (see NOTE 11). As of July 31
 2014 this derivative liability had an estimated fair value of $177




 which was our only financial instrument measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant inputs other than level one inputs that are either directly or indirectly observable (Level 2) as of July 31













































































































































































 the Company also takes into consideration whether or not the Company would participate in another round of financing and if that financing is registered or not and what that stock price would be for the financing at that time. The Company will continue to adjust the derivative liability for changes in fair value until the notes matures on October 14
 2014
 December 26
 2014
 and February 2



INDUSTRY SEGMENT







 Greater China
 South Asia/Pacific
 Europe
 Middle East
 and Americas. The following table sets forth the revenue for each of the geographic regions for the years ended July 31

































































594

















058














































































































































































402

















858

















 net

 2014 and 2013




















































































































































































































































































































































































393

















847


















































































402

















858





















 2014 and 2013






 2014
 the Company amended the License Agreement entered into on November 18
 2013
 between the Company and Genesar to (1) remove the clause triggering royalty payments to begin after 4
000 boxes have been sold
 of each month following the end of each of the Company's fiscal quarters
 (2) adding a minimum royalty payment of $25
000 per year
(3) adjust the royalty fee to $5/box of 30 sachets of GenEpic sold by the Company from $4/box
 and (4) restructuring the advance of $140
000
 to a one-time license payment




 2014
 the Company issued a fourth put notice for 595
134 shares of common stock as part of the Equity Purchase Agreement in footnote 12 and issued an additional 4
866 shares related to the third put notice as required by the true-up provision in Equity Purchase Agreement
 receiving net funds of $31
623.04 from Southridge
 and subsequently issuing Southridge an additional 7
554 shares of common stock as true-up shares related to the fourth put notice on September 16




 2014
 Asher converted $15
000 of principal related to the January 14
 2014
 convertible note into 586




 2014
 Asher converted an additional $15
000 of principal related to the January 14
 2014
 convertible note into 810




 2014
 Asher converted an additional $12
000 of principal related to the January 14
 2014
 convertible note
 into 869
565 shares of the Company's common stock at $0.0138 per share. The remaining principal balance due after the conversions was $36









On September 24
 2013

 Gibb &amp; Associates
Mantyla McReynolds
 The report of Sadler Gibb as of and for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2012
 contained no adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty
 audit scope or accounting principle except to indicate that there was substantial doubt about the Company ability to continue as a going concern.


On May 21
 2014

 The reports of Mantyla with respect to Health Education Corporation as of and for the fiscal years ended July 31
 2013 and July 31
 2012
 contained no adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty
 audit scope or accounting principle except to indicate that there was substantial doubt about the Company ability to continue as a going concern.









 2014
 covered by this Form&#160;10-K.&#160;&#160;Based upon such evaluation
 the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that
 as of the end of such period
















































 a system of internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of the control system are met and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Further
 over time




 2014
 based upon the framework in Internal Control&#8211;Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on that evaluation
 our management has concluded that
 as of July 31
 2014
 the Company had material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting. Specifically
 management identified the following material weaknesses at July 31

























































































 2010







 2013
 the Company appointed Dr. Tracy Gibbs as Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer and Director. On September 23
 2014
 the Company appointed Michael Doron as Chief Executive Officer




 there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect







 no matter how well designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the control system's objectives will be met.&#160;Further
 the design of the control system must reflect that there are resource constraints and that the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within the company have been detected.&#160;These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake.&#160;Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons
 by collusion of two or more people
 or by management override of controls.&#160;The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
 and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions.&#160;&#160;Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks.&#160;Over time












Item 10. Directors



























 CEO
 CFO
 Secretary


















 age 53
 was appointed as our President
 CEO
 CFO
 Secretary and a director on September 23
 2014.&#160; Mr. Doron is a successful entrepreneur
 operations-focused business leader
 experienced sales and marketing professional and independent board member. Mr. Doron has consistently leveraged his background as CFO
 COO
 EVP
 consultant
 and lobbyist to achieve financial goals while mitigating risk
 increasing revenues
 and driving productivity for a number of companies. In the public company arena




 Sweden
 Mr. Doron is the Managing Partner at Alta Nordic
 a full service boutique firm specializing in financing and advisory services for growth companies. Previously
 from 2009 through 2013
 when he relocated to Sweden
 Mr. Doron was Co-Founder and a Partner in DDR &amp; Associates
 a business development firm specializing in pre-IPO companies
 and Evolution Capital
 a private firm specializing in providing capital to publicly held companies using various debt instruments. Mr. Doron currently serves on the Board of Directors of MusclePharm Corp (NASDAQ: MSLP)
 a leading sports supplement and nutrition company
 and Next Graphite
 Inc. (OTCBB: GPNE)
 a company owning graphite-producing properties located in Namibia
 and he is currently the Chairman of the Board of Directors of GASE Energy
 Inc. (OTCBB: GASE)
 an independent energy company focusing on the exploration
 development and production of natural gas in Ukraine




 age 44
 is currently our chief science officer and formulator of our products
 and is a director. From September 19
 2013
 through September 23
 2014
 he was also our President
 CEO
 CFO
 and Secretary. Prior to September 19
 2013
 when we acquired our wholly owned subsidiary
 Health Education Corporation
 he was the CEO and founder of Health Education Corporation. Dr. Gibbs earned a PhD in Pharmacognosy from KenchiKenkyu Gakkuin (Graduate School of Health Sciences) in Japan. He has also completed extensive studies in exocrinology
 embryology
 hematology
 and nephrology and is studying to acquire a degree as a Naturopathic Medical Doctor (NMD) from Central States College of Health Sciences in Ohio. He has apprenticed with Dr. Bernard Jenson
 PhD
 Dr. Naria Kennedy
 MD




 Utah
 to release an additional four books in the U.S. He currently teaches courses on Live Blood Analysis and Herbal Medicine once every three months in the United States
 and he also teaches various herbal medicine classes in other countries. Dr. Gibbs has lectured all over the world on the clinical applications of herbal medicine and has unique insight on the future innovation of herb-based drugs in the U.S. He operated a school in Japan and one in the U.S. that teach heads of households how to use herbs in everyday situations as an alternative to visiting crowded medical clinics







 dba NutraNomics since its start in 1996. From 2009 to 2011 he took a leave of absence and was hired as the VP of Asia Operations for Atrium Innovations
 a publicly traded holding company based in Quebec
 Canada
 for several dietary supplement manufacturers and brands including Douglas Labs
 Garden of Life
 Pure Encapsulations












 and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified.&#160; There are no agreements with respect to the election of directors. Officers are appointed by our Board of Directors














 our directors and officer have not


















 or of any partnership
 corporation or business association of which he was a general partner or executive officer









 judgment
 or decree
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state authority
 permanently or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting
 his involvement in any type of business
 securities
 futures
 commodities
 investment
 banking
 savings and loan
 or insurance activities









 and the judgment has not been reversed
 suspended









 or a party to
 any federal or state judicial or administrative order
 judgment
 decree
 or finding
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants)
 relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation
 any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including
 but not limited to
 a temporary or permanent injunction
 order of disgorgement or restitution
 civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order
 or removal or prohibition order









 or a party to
 any sanction or order
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26)))
 any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29)))
 or any equivalent exchange
 association









 directors
 and any corporate agents in terms sufficiently broad to indemnify such persons under certain circumstances for liabilities
 including reimbursement for expenses
 incurred arising under the 1933 Act. The Bylaws of the Company provide that the Company will indemnify its directors and officers to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by law and such right to indemnification will continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or officer of the Company and will inure to the benefit of his or her heirs
 executors and Consultants; provided
 however
 that
 except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification



 to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board of Directors



 the Company may maintain insurance
 at its expense
 to protect itself and any director
 officer
 employee or agent of the Company or another company against any expense
 liability or loss
 whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense
 liability or loss under the Nevada Revised Statutes.





 2014





 directors and employees
 including our principal executive officer and principal accounting officer











 and is independent as the term is used in Item 7(d)(3)(iv) of Schedule 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934




 we currently do not have nominating
 compensation or audit committees or committees performing similar functions
 nor do we have a written nominating











 earned by or paid to the named persons for services rendered in all capacities during the noted periods. No other executive officer received total annual salary and bonus compensation in excess of $100













































































































































































































































































































































 and was our CEO
 CFO and director from September 19
 2013 through September 23
 2014
 when he resigned as CEO and CFO
 and Mr. Doron was appointed as CEO and CFO. Prior to September 19
 2013
 Dr. Gibbs was the CEO and founder of our wholly owned subsidiary
 Health Education Corporation


 but he was the CFO of our wholly owned subsidiary
 Health Education Corporation
 from April 2012
 until October 2013









 Health Education
 our wholly owned subsidiary




 2012
 Health Education
 our wholly owned subsidiary
 entered into an employment agreement with Nathan Jenson to secure Mr. Jenson's services as CFO. The agreement included a monthly salary of $5
500
 plus tuition of approximately $17
000 per year




 chief science officer
 and director
 Dr. Tracy Gibbs
 and is currently paying Dr. Gibbs a salary of $7




 2014
 Michael Doron was appointed as our President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer
 Secretary and a director
 and entered into an employment contract with the Company. Pursuant to the contract
 Mr. Doron will be compensated in the amount of $250
000 per year
 $80
000 of which shall be paid in cash
 $120
000 of which shall be deferred
 and $50
000 of which shall be paid in the form of Company common stock on a quarterly basis and valued at the previous 5-day volume weighted average price of the Company's common stock.&#160; Mr. Doron will also receive an additional equity award during the first year of employment equal to 0.83% of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company following the completion of each month of employment during the first year.&#160; The employment contract is terminable at the election of either party without cause upon the provision of 30 days' notice to the other







 2014
 no director or executive officer has received compensation from us pursuant to any compensatory or benefit plan. For the year ended July 31
 2014
 the Company issued 1
000
000 shares of common stock for services to the Company's CEO
 valued at $368
000. During the fiscal year
 the Company also issued 103
334 shares to an employee of the Company and to a director of its subsidiary
 Health Education Corporation
 valued at $38
027. There is no plan or understanding
 express or implied
 to pay any compensation to any director or executive officer pursuant to any compensatory or benefit plan
 although we anticipate that we will compensate our officers and directors for services to us with stock or options to purchase stock











 2014
 or July 31







 2014



















































 CEO








815





















815




















 CEO








815






















116



















931























023
354 shares issued and outstanding as of October 29










762
875 of these shares are held in the name of the ZEN Family LP

 Salt Lake City
 Utah

 33% Dylan Gibbs
 33% Nathan Gibbs
 and 1% Tracy K. Gibbs.&#160; Tyler
 Dylan and Nathan Gibbs are the sons of Tracy K. Gibbs
 our founder and director and former CEO
 who has the sole voting power over the shares held by the ZEN Family LP.&#160; An additional 52
125 shares are held in the name of Tyler









 Nancy and Ronald






Item 13.&#160;&#160; Certain Relationships and Related Transactions




 2013 fiscal year
 or any currently proposed transaction
 in which we were or are to be a participant and the amount involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of $120
000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at year end for the last two completed fiscal years
 and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other than compensation described under Executive Compensation). We believe the terms obtained or consideration that we paid or received
 as applicable
 in connection with the transactions described below were comparable to terms available or the amounts that would be paid or received
 as applicable




 2013
 we closed a share exchange agreement with Health Education Corporation and its shareholders.&#160; Upon closing of the share exchange agreement
 we issued 11
762




 Health Education entered into a two year
 zero percent note with an 8% imputed interest rate with the same officer
 Tracy K. Gibbs
 in the amount of $150
000. The note is due on December 31
 2014. Health Education agreed to pay royalty payments in connection with sales of a certain product line. The Company paid $1
063 and $1
063 in the years ended July 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. At July 31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company owed $36
642 and $75




 2014 and 2013
 the Company owed a total of $36
608 and $75





The following table sets forth the fees billed by our principal independent accountants
 DKM Certified Public Accountants 










































































































































&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Consists of fees billed for services relating to review of other regulatory filings including registration statements
 periodic reports and audit related consulting.


 Consists of professional services rendered by our principal accountant for tax compliance








Item 15.&#160;&#160; Exhibits


















 2013 (incorporated by reference to our Form 8-K filed on September 24



























 2013 with an effective date of September 19
 2013 (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 19









235
390 B2
 dated June 14
 2007&#160; (incorporated by reference to our Amendment No. 2 to Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on December 12









 dated May 14
 2012 (incorporated by reference to our Amendment No. 2 to Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on December 12









 LLC (incorporated by reference to our Amendment No. 2 to Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on December 12









 LLC
 dated March 10
 2013 (incorporated by reference to our Amendment No. 2 to Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on December 12









 LLC d/b/a Genesar Nutraceuticles (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 26








Amended License Agreement with Gennesar Nutraceuticals
 LLC d/b/a Genesar Nutraceuticles








 Gibb &amp; Associates
 L.L.C.
 dated September 25
 2013 regarding change in registered public accounting firm (incorporated by reference to our Amendment No. 1 to Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on September 27









 LLC
 dated May 22
 2014
 regarding change in registered public accounting firm (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 23


















Certification of Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(1) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002







Certification of Principal Accounting Officer required by Rule 13a-14(1) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002













































































 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned









































































































































 Inc.
    Document created using Disclosure Solutions PROFILE 2.6.0.0


















































 2014 (the Effective Date) by and between Health Education Corporation d/b/a Nutranomics
 a Utah corporation (NUTRANOMICS ); and Gennesar Nutraceuticals
 LLC d/b/a Genesar Nutraceuticals








WHEREAS
GENESAR and NUTRANOMICS previously entered into a license agreement which is no longer in effect



WHEREAS
NUTRANOMICS and GENESAR
 upon mutual agreement
 may amend this Agreement at any time during the period covered under this Agreement



WHEREAS
GENESAR is willing to grant
 and NUTRANOMICS desires to obtain
 exclusive manufacturing rights for GenEpic
 as well as an exclusive sales and marketing license for the Pacific Rim area (defined below) for GenEpic&#8482;
 a dietary supplement. The parties desire to cooperate in pursuing additional markets and GENESAR commits to offer NUTRANOMICS Right of First Offer (ROFO) for opportunities to market exclusively or non-exclusively in countries
 regions or market channels in which NUTRANOMICS has interest



THEREFORE
on the stated premises and for and in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth and the mutual benefits to the parties to be derived herefrom
 and for good and valuable consideration
 the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby specifically acknowledged
 and intending to be legally bound hereby






 COVENANTS






 including any preemptive or dissenter's rights under such State's laws. NUTRANOMICS further represents that it is aware of and can conform to all U.S. laws and regulations applicable to GenEpic as well as any international laws which may be applicable to NUTRANOMICS production
 use




 represents and warrants that
 to the best of its knowledge
 GENESAR has complied with applicable laws

















NUTRANOMICS is hereby granted a license to manufacture GenEpic in conformance with GENESAR's formulation and all U.S. laws and regulations applicable to GenEpic and any applicable foreign laws applicable to such production. NUTRANOMICS agrees to supply GENESAR with manufactured product at NUTRANOMICS' out-of-pocket costs plus 25% markup
 except for product used for research
 which will be provided at cost. The cost of NUTRANOMICS production of GenEpic is initially calculated to be $_38.00_ per box of 30 packets which includes the royalty listed in paragraph 5 when purchase at 2000 boxes at a time
 but this price may be updated as needed by NUTRANOMICS to reflect its current costs. Tracy Gibbs
 a principal of NUTRANOMICS
 shall be personally responsible
 with approval from GENESAR
 for selecting and monitoring any subcontractor manufacturing the product. GENESAR maintains the right to inspect any and all records in regards to production scheduling
 Quality Assurance and lab reports. The content and quality of GenEpic shall remain as close as possible to the current GenEpic formula



NUTRANOMICS is hereby granted an exclusive license to market and sell GenEpic in the Pacific Rim countries defined as follows: Korea
 Japan
 Taiwan
 Philippines
 Vietnam
 Cambodia
 Hong Kong
 Thailand
 Indonesia
 Malaysia
 Laos
 Singapore
 Brunei
 Australia
 New Zealand
 Bangladesh
 India
 Sri Lanka and the Pacific islands
 excluding Hawaii (referred to as the Pacific Rim area).


So long as NUTRANOMICS is not in default of this Agreement and maintains necessary minimum sales in its existing markets (which amount of minimum sales shall be determined by GENESAR in its reasonable discretion)
 NUTRANOMICS shall have a Right of First Offer (ROFO) for exclusive or non-exclusive marketing rights for any country
 area
 channel
 or customer into which NUTRANOMICS has a material penetration or interest. Upon receipt of notice
 GENESAR will not offer the requested exclusive right to any other party for 30 days and negotiate terms in good faith. If the parties can't come to agreement on terms within the 30 days
 this ROFO expires with respect to that country
 area
 channel or customer.


So long as NUTRANOMICS is not in default of this Agreement and maintains necessary minimum sales in its existing markets (which amount of minimum sales shall be determined by GENESAR and NutraNomics )
 NUTRANOMICS shall have a 30 day Right of First Refusal (ROFR) to acquire the exclusive marketing rights GENESAR is offering to any third party. GENESAR will notice NUTRANOMICS if it is making
 or has received
 an offer for exclusive marketing rights to/from any third party and the terms of the offer (scope
 price
 timing
 marketing commitments
 etc.). If NUTRANOMICS matches the terms of the offer within 30 days
 it shall give notice of such and will be granted the additional exclusive marketing rights.


NUTRANOMICS shall pay GENESAR a royalty of $5 per box of 30 packets
 and a pro-rata amount on other dosage boxes - e.g.
 $10/box if packages of 60 packets
 on all boxes sold to any party
 excluding GENESAR
 with the exception of products sold to














 or reported royalties unpaid
 for 30 days
 GENESAR may give notice changing the exclusivity of the marketing rights granted herein to non-exclusive
 and such change will become effective if the reporting and/or payment default is not corrected within 10 days following notice. In any event



NUTRANOMICS is hereby given all rights GENESAR has received to reference and use in marketing the abstract or other information to which GENESAR has the legal rights to share; provided
 however
 that any marketing of such abstract and other information shall be subject to GENESAR's approval
 which shall not be unreasonably withheld.


The parties agree to work together and help support each other's marketing efforts. Either company may
 with prior notice and acceptance
 pursue business in the other's territory that is a natural extension of its normal marketing in its own area
 and be sales commissions as defined in the notice and acceptance. GENESAR may find markets for NUTRANOMICS' other products or facilitate sales and will be paid commissions equivalent with those paid NUTRANOMICS' highest compensated sales agents
 unless otherwise agreed.





NUTRANOMICS fails to pay the minimum royalty or cure unreported or unpaid monthly royalties following notice



NUTRANOMICS fails to manufacture product ordered by GENESAR within a reasonable and customary time
 unless such delay is outside the control of NUTRANOMICS.


NUTRANOMICS files bankruptcy
 is dissolved
 ceases operation
 or ceases marketing in any of the exclusive areas granted (in which case only that area would be deleted as exclusive).











 From and after the date of this Agreement until the termination of the Agreement and
 except as expressly permitted or contemplated by this Agreement
 GENESAR (to the extent applicable) and NUTRANOMICS respectively
 will each:






























 to retain its key employees







 regulations






ndemnification. NUTRANOMICS hereby agrees to indemnify GENESAR as of the date of execution of this Agreement against any loss
 liability
 claim
 damage
 or expense (including
 but not limited to
 any and all expense whatsoever reasonably incurred in investigating
 preparing
 or defending against any litigation
 commenced or threatened
 or any claim whatsoever) (Loss)
 to which it or they may become subject arising out of or based on any inaccuracy appearing in or misrepresentations made in this Agreement or in its performance of any action contemplated by this Agreement. The indemnification provided for in this paragraph shall survive the term of this Agreement. GENESAR hereby agrees to indemnify NUTRANOMICS and each of the officers
 agents
 and directors of NUTRANOMICS and the NUTRANOMICS Shareholders as of the date of execution of this Agreement against any Loss to which it or they may become subject arising out of or based on any inaccuracy appearing in or misrepresentation made under Article II of this Agreement. The indemnification&#160; provided for in this paragraph shall survive the Closing and consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and termination of this Agreement for one year following the Closing. NUTRANOMICS further agrees to indemnify GENESAR for any loss
 liability
 claim
 damage or expense that GENESAR may incur as a result of NUTRANOMICS use of the License.










aw. This Agreement shall be governed by
 enforced
 and construed under and in accordance with the laws of Utah. Venue for all matters shall be in Salt Lake City
 Utah
 without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law thereunder.&#183; Each of the parties (a) irrevocably consents and agrees that any legal or equitable action or proceedings arising under or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought first to mediation
 second to arbitration
 and
 as a last resort
 to the courts. By execution and delivery of this Agreement
 each party hereto irrevocably submits to and accepts
 with respect to any such action or proceeding
 generally and unconditionally
 the jurisdiction of the aforesaid court
 and irrevocably waives any and all rights such party may now or hereafter have to object to such jurisdiction.


otices. Any notice or other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be sufficiently given if personally delivered to it or sent electronically
 by overnight courier or registered mail or certified mail
 postage prepaid
 addressed as follows:







































upon receipt
 if personally delivered
 (ii) on the day after dispatch
 if sent by overnight courier

upon dispatch
 if transmitted electronically and receipt is confirmed by email or telephone
 and (iv) three (3) days after mailing
 if sent by registered or certified mail.


ees. In the event that either party institutes any action or suit to enforce this Agreement or to secure relief from any default hereunder or breach hereof
 the prevailing party shall be reimbursed by the losing party for all costs
 including reasonable attorney's fees
 incurred in connection therewith and in enforcing or collecting any judgment rendered therein.


. Each pai:ty hereto agrees with the other that
 it and its representatives will hold in strict confidence all data and information obtained with respect to another party or any subsidiary thereof from any representative
 officer
 director or employee
 or from any books or records or from personal inspection
 of such other party (with the exception of the existence of this Agreement and the relationship of the parties
 which both parties acknowledge may be disclosed by the other party to third parties)
 and shall not use such data or information or disclose the same to others
 except (i) to the extent such data or information is published
 is a matter of public knowledge
 or is required by law to be published through no fault of the receiving party; or (ii) to the extent that such data or information must be used or disclosed in order to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. In the event of the termination of this Agreement
 each party shall return to the other party all documents and other materials obtained by it or on its behalf and shall destroy all copies
 digests
 work papers
 abstracts or other materials relating thereto
 and each party will continue to comply with the confidentiality provisions set forth herein.


.&#160; This contract is strictly between GENESAR and NUTRANOMICS
 and
 except as specifically provided
 no director
 officer
 stockholder
 employee
 agent
 independent contractor or any other person or entity shall be deemed to be a third party beneficiary of this Agreement.


. Subject to this Agreement
 each of GENESAR and NUTRANOMICS will bear their own respective expenses
 including legal
 accounting and professional fees
 incurred in connection with this transaction contemplated hereby.


. This Agreement represents the entire agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter thereof and supersedes all prior agreements
 understandings and negotiations
 written or oral
 with respect to such subject matter.

















 This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts
 each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which taken together shall be but a single instrument.


 Every right and remedy provided herein shall be cumulative with every other right and remedy
 whether conferred herein
 at law
 or in equity
 and may be enforced concurrently herewith
 and no waiver by any party of the performance of any obligation by the other shall be construed as a waiver of the same or any other default then
 theretofore
 or thereafter occurring or existing. At any time prior to the Closing Date
 this Agreement may by amended by a writing signed by all parties hereto
 with respect to any of the terms contained herein
 and any term or condition of this Agreement may be waived or the time for performance may be extended by a writing signed by the party or parties for whose benefit the provision is intended.


. Subject to the terms and conditions herein&#160; provided
 each party shall use its best efforts to perform or fulfill all conditions and obligations to be performed or fulfilled by it under this Agreement so that the transactions contemplated hereby shall be consummated as soon as practicable. Each party also agrees that it shall use its best efforts to take
 or cause to be taken
 all actions and to do
 or cause to be done
 all things necessary



WITNESS WHEREOF
 the corporate parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers
 hereunto duly authorized




















Nutraceuticals
d/b/a Genesar Nutraceuticals








Aug. 5
 2014



























































































































 including all intellectual property relating to it and any associated trade secrets




 or its assignees









 GENESAR will accept 100
000 restricted shares of&#160; common stock of NUTRANOMICS
 Inc.
 the parent company of NUTRANOMICS
 traded under the ticker symbol NNRX












000 boxes containing 30 sachets per year. Non-reporting or non-payment of royalty for more than 60 days may change exclusive clauses of the Agreement to non- exclusive












000 to GENESAR by NUTRANOMICS
 which amount was paid to GENESAR under the previous license agreement
 secures the exclusive marketing rights to the Pacific Rim Countries enumerated in this Agreement
 and all other terms within this Agreement










NUTRANOMICS&#160;&#160; shall provide GENESAR with quarterly GenEpic sales and inventory reports throughout the term of this Agreement. GENESAR may
 at its discretion
 audit GenEpic sales and inventory reports and perform physical inventory counts. In the event that no discrepancy is found&#160; in the sales and inventory reports
 GENESAR shall pay all costs of such inventory audits. In the event that such audit reveals that there are errors in the reporting
 NUTRANOMICS shall pay all costs of such audit as well as any shortfall due to GENESAR as a result of such reporting failures.







































 Inc.
    Document created using Disclosure Solutions PROFILE 2.6.0.0












 Michael Doron








 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made




 the consolidated financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for







 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 is made known to us by others within those entities




 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision








 or is reasonably likely to materially affect




 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting



 process




 whether or not material












































































 Inc.
    Document created using Disclosure Solutions PROFILE 2.6.0.0












 Michael Doron



Nutranomics
 Inc.



 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made




 the consolidated financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for







 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 is made known to us by others within those entities




 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision








 or is reasonably likely to materially affect




 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting



 process




 whether or not material













































































 Inc.
    Document created using Disclosure Solutions PROFILE 2.6.0.0
















 Michael Doron


 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002








 in all material respects













































































 Inc.
    Document created using Disclosure Solutions PROFILE 2.6.0.0
















 Michael Doron


 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002








 in all material respects















































































 November 14














1998-07-31













1998-07-01


1998-07-31













2012-01-31













2012-01-01


2012-01-31









2012-08-01


2013-07-31













2012-08-01


2013-07-31













2012-08-01


2013-07-31













2012-08-01


2013-07-31













2012-08-01


2013-07-31













2012-08-01


2013-07-31













2012-08-01


2013-07-31













2012-08-01


2013-07-31













2012-08-01


2013-07-31













2012-08-01


2013-07-31













2012-08-01


2013-07-31













2012-08-01


2013-07-31













2012-08-01


2013-07-31













2012-08-01


2013-07-31












2012-08-01


2013-07-31












2012-08-01


2013-07-31












2012-08-01


2013-07-31












2012-08-01


2013-07-31












2012-08-01


2013-07-31












2012-08-01


2013-07-31













2012-08-01


2013-07-31













2012-08-01


2013-07-31













2012-08-01


2013-07-31












2012-08-01


2013-07-31












2012-08-01


2013-07-31












2012-08-01


2013-07-31









2013-07-31













2013-07-31













2013-07-31













2013-07-31













2013-07-31












2013-07-31














2013-07-31












2013-07-31













2013-07-31













2013-07-31












2013-07-31













2013-07-31













2013-07-31













2013-07-31














2013-07-31












2013-07-31












2013-07-31












2013-07-31












2013-07-31












2013-07-31













2013-07-31














2013-07-31













2013-07-31













2013-07-31












2013-08-28












2013-08-01


2013-08-28














2013-09-13














2013-09-01


2013-09-13














2013-09-01


2013-09-13













2013-11-01


2013-11-18














2013-11-01


2013-11-18















2013-11-01


2013-11-18














2013-11-01


2013-11-18













2013-11-29


2013-12-01














2013-11-29


2013-12-01














2013-12-09













2013-12-09














2013-12-02


2013-12-09













2013-12-02


2013-12-09













2014-01-14













2014-01-01


2014-01-14









2014-01-31













2014-03-19













2014-03-01


2014-03-19













2014-05-01


2014-05-05













2014-05-15













2014-05-01


2014-05-15





















































































2013-08-01


2014-07-31













2013-08-01


2014-07-31













2013-08-01


2014-07-31













2013-08-01


2014-07-31













2013-08-01


2014-07-31













2013-08-01


2014-07-31













2013-08-01


2014-07-31













2013-08-01


2014-07-31













2013-08-01


2014-07-31













2013-08-01


2014-07-31













2013-08-01


2014-07-31













2013-08-01


2014-07-31













2013-08-01


2014-07-31













2013-08-01


2014-07-31












2013-08-01


2014-07-31












2013-08-01


2014-07-31












2013-08-01


2014-07-31












2013-08-01


2014-07-31














2013-08-01


2014-07-31












2013-08-01


2014-07-31














2013-08-01


2014-07-31













2013-08-01


2014-07-31














2013-08-01


2014-07-31














2013-08-01


2014-07-31














2013-08-01


2014-07-31













2013-08-01


2014-07-31












2013-08-01


2014-07-31












2013-08-01


2014-07-31












2013-08-01


2014-07-31












2013-08-01


2014-07-31












2013-08-01


2014-07-31












2013-08-01


2014-07-31












2013-08-01


2014-07-31












2013-08-01


2014-07-31














2013-08-01


2014-07-31













2013-08-01


2014-07-31













2013-08-01


2014-07-31













2013-08-01


2014-07-31













2013-08-01


2014-07-31












2013-08-01


2014-07-31












2013-08-01


2014-07-31












2013-08-01


2014-07-31









2014-07-31














2014-07-31












2014-07-31













2014-07-31













2014-07-31












2014-07-31













2014-07-31













2014-07-31













2014-07-31














2014-07-31












2014-07-31














2014-07-31














2014-07-31














2014-07-31












2014-07-31












2014-07-31












2014-07-31












2014-07-31













2014-07-31














2014-07-31















2014-08-01


2014-08-05














2014-08-01


2014-08-25















2014-08-01


2014-08-25















2014-09-01


2014-09-16














2014-09-24














2014-09-01


2014-09-24














2014-10-02














2014-10-01


2014-10-02














2014-10-09














2014-10-03


2014-10-09









2014-11-07









2012-07-31












2012-07-31












2013-07-31












2012-07-31












2013-07-31












2012-07-31












2013-07-31












2014-07-31












2014-07-31












2014-07-31



















NUTRANOMICS












































































































































































































&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (US GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates and assumptions are based on management's best estimates and judgment. Management evaluates its estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis using historical experience and other factors
 including the economic environment
 which management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Management adjusts such estimates and assumptions when facts and circumstances dictate. As future events and their effects cannot be determined with precision
 actual results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Accounting Basis&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company's financial statements are prepared using the accrual basis of accounting in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The Company has elected a July 31 fiscal year end.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents include all cash balances and highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less. As of July 31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company's cash balances were within the FDIC insurance coverage limits.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Our revenue is derived from the service revenue from&amp;#160;&lt;font style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Live Blood Analysis&lt;/font&gt;
 sale of retail products
 and revenue derived from educational services.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 3pt; margin-bottom: 3pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company's revenue recognition policy is in accordance with the requirements of Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 605
 Revenue Recognition
 and other applicable revenue recognition guidance under US GAAP. Sales revenue is recognized for our retail and wholesale customers when: (i) persuasive evidence of a sales arrangement exists
 (ii) the sales terms are fixed or determinable
 (iii) title and risk of loss have transferred
 and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured &amp;#8212; generally when products are shipped to the customer and services are rendered
 except in situations in which title passes upon receipt of the products by the customer. In this case
 revenues are recognized upon notification that customer receipt has occurred. The Company accrues an estimated amount for sales returns and allowances related to defective or returned products at the time of sale based on its ability to estimate sales returns and allowances using historical information. As of July 31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company calculated the amount to be less than 1% of sales so no allowance was accrued in either year. Shipping and handling fees and related freight costs and supplies associated with shipping products to customers are included as a component of cost of sales. Payments received before all of the relevant criteria for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as unearned revenue.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company also recognizes revenues from the distribution of its product through trade partners. Related revenues consist of product costs
 distribution fees
 testing and labeling costs
 as well as any associated administrative fees. The Company recognizes these revenues after the product has been shipped from the outsource manufacturer to the trade partner. The Company has contractual obligation to pay the outsource manufacturers
 and as a principal in these arrangements the Company includes the total product price as revenue in accordance with applicable accounting guidance. The Company has separately negotiated contractual relationships with its trade partners
 and under contracts with these trade partners the Company assumes the credit risk of product produced by the outsource manufacturer and dispensed to the trade partner.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Unearned Revenues consist of cash received in advance for products to be delivered at a future date. The Company records the payments received as a liability until the products are delivered.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;The Company recorded unearned revenue of $338
263 and $58
418 as of July 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; clear: both; margin-top: 10pt; margin-bottom: 10pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; id=dspfpagebreakarea&gt;&lt;u&gt;Cost of Sales&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company includes product costs (i.e. material
 direct labor and overhead costs)
 shipping and handling expense
 insurance on inventory
 production-related depreciation expense and product license agreement expense in cost of sales.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Advertising Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company classifies expenses for advertising as general and administrative expenses. The Company incurred advertising costs of $156
708 and $50
284 during the years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Accounts Receivable&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Receivables from the sale of goods and services are stated at net realizable value
 do not bear interest and do not generally require collateral. The Company adjusts credit limits based upon payment history and the customer's current creditworthiness. The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon a variety of factors. The Company reviews all open accounts and provides specific reserves for customer collection issues when it believes the loss is probable
 considering such factors as the length of time receivables are past due
 the financial condition of the customer
 and historical experience. The Company also records a reserve for all customers
 excluding those that have been specifically reserved for
 based upon evaluation of historical losses. The Company recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts of $106
617 and $112
389 as of July 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Inventories&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. The cost for inventories is determined using the first-in
 first-out method on the weighted average basis. The cost includes all expenditures incurred in bringing the goods to the point of sale and putting them in a salable condition. In assessing the ultimate realization of inventories
 the Company makes judgments as to future demand requirements compared to current or committed inventory levels. The Company estimates the demand requirements based on market conditions
 forecasts prepared by its customers
 sales contracts and orders in hand. In addition
 the Company estimates net realizable value based on intended use
 current market value and inventory aging analyses. The Company writes down inventories for estimated obsolescence or unmarketable inventory equal to the difference between the cost of inventories and their estimated market value based upon assumptions about future demand and market conditions.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;As of July 31 inventories consisted of the following:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 3pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;July 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;July 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Raw materials&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;41
056&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;35
713&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Finished goods&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;230
885&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;240
764&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Subtotal&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;271
941&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;276
477&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Reserve for obsolescence&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;271
941&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;276
477&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Concentration of Credit Risk&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Financial instruments
 which potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk
 consist principally of cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 lines of credit
 and notes payable. Due to short-term maturities
 the carrying amount of these instruments approximates fair value. Our cash balances are maintained in accounts held by major banks and financial institutions located in the United States. The Company occasionally maintains amounts on deposit with a financial institution that are in excess of the federally insured limit of $250
000. The risk is managed by maintaining all deposits in high quality financial institutions. The Company had $0 of cash balances in excess of federally insured limits at July 31
 2014 and 2013.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Property and equipment are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation and amortization are calculated using the straight-line method over the expected useful life of the asset
 after the asset is placed in service. Assets recorded under leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the lesser of their useful lives or the related lease term. The Company uses the following useful lives for its major classifications of property and equipment:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 576px; vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Description&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 177px; vertical-align: top; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 814px; vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Useful Lives&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 576px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Furniture &amp;amp; Fixtures&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 177px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 814px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;7 years&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 576px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Office Furniture&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 177px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 814px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;5 years&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 576px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Equipment &amp;amp; Machinery&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 177px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 814px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;5-7 years&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 576px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Leasehold Improvements&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 177px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 814px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;15 years&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company periodically evaluates the carrying value of long-lived assets to be held and used in accordance with ASC Topic 360. ASC Topic 360 requires impairment losses to be recorded on long-lived assets used in operations when indicators of impairment are present and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than the asset's carrying amount. In that event
 a loss is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair market value of the long-lived assets. Loss on long-lived assets to be disposed of is determined in a similar manner
 except that fair market values are reduced for the cost of disposal. For the years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company recorded no impairment losses.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Research and Development Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company expenses the costs of the development of its nutritional products during the period incurred. The Company incurred research and development expenses of $32
233 and $44
706 during the years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; clear: both; margin-top: 10pt; margin-bottom: 10pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; id=a57d44b98-32f1-4586-9bf8-27c6207b44b9&gt;&lt;u&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company follows the provisions of ASC 718 which requires all share-based payments to employees
 including grants of employee stock options
 to be recognized in the statement of operations based on their fair values. The Company uses the Black-Scholes option valuation model for determining the fair value of stock based compensation.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;Option pricing models require the input of highly subjective assumptions
 including the expected price volatility. Changes in these assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company records the stock-based compensation awards issued to non-employees and other external entities for goods and services at either the fair market value of the goods received or services rendered or the instruments issued in exchange for such services
 whichever is more readily determinable
 using the measurement date guidelines pertaining to when the&amp;#160;&lt;font style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;service is complete or a performance commitment date is reached
 whichever is earlier.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities
 and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws expected to be in effect when the differences are expected to be settled or realized.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;The effect on deferred income tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Deferred income tax assets are reviewed for recoverability
 and the Company records a valuation allowance to reduce its deferred income tax assets when it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred income tax assets will not be realized.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company recognizes the effect of tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not of being sustained. Recognized tax positions are measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. Estimated interest and penalties related to underpayment of income taxes are recorded as a component of the tax provision in the statement of operations.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Loss per Share&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Basic loss per share (EPS) is computed by dividing net loss (the numerator) by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period (the denominator). Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of common shares and potential common shares outstanding (if dilutive) during each period. Potential common shares include common shares to be issued related to convertible debentures and stock pending issue under the ratchet provision.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;As the Company has incurred losses for the years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013
 the potentially dilutive shares are anti-dilutive and are thus not added into the loss per share calculations.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Significant Concentrations&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;There is currently one customer that makes up 38% and 46% of total sales as of July 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. The loss of this customer would have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial condition and results of operation. There are currently five and&amp;#160;three vendors that make up 70% and 81% of total purchases as of July 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Sales Tax Collected From Customers&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;As a part of the Company's normal course of business
 sales taxes are collected from customers. Such taxes collected are remitted
 in a timely manner
 to the appropriate governmental tax authority on behalf of the customer. The Company's policy is to present revenue and costs
 net of value added and sales taxes.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;ASC 820
&amp;#160;&lt;font style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: italic;&gt;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy based on the level of independent
 objective evidence surrounding the inputs used to measure fair value. A financial instrument's categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. ASC 820 prioritizes the inputs into three levels that may be used to measure fair value:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-left: 36pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Level 1 - Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-left: 36pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are either directly or indirectly observable; and&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-left: 36pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity
 therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The carrying amounts of the Company's financial assets and liabilities
 such as cash and cash equivalents
 prepaid expenses
 deposit
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities
 and due to a related party approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company's Level 2 financial liabilities consist of the derivative liability of the Company's convertible promissory notes issued to investors. There is no current market for these securities such that the determination of fair value requires significant judgment or estimation. The Company used a multinomial lattice model which incorporates transaction details such as Company stock price
 contractual terms
 default provisions
 maturity
 risk free rates
 as well as assumptions about future financings
 volatility
 and holder behavior as of the date of issuance and each balance sheet date.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;In August 2014
 the FASB amended Accounting Standards Update (ASU) ASU 205-40
 Presentation of Financial Statements &amp;#8211; Going Concern&lt;font style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;an entity's management should evaluate whether there are conditions or events
 considered in the aggregate
 that raise substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or within one year after the date that the financial statements are available to be issued when applicable). Although public companies are required to apply the new guidance to all reporting periods beginning on or after December 15
 2016 (all other entities in the following year)
 the Company has adopted the new standard.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 12pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;In September 2014
 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) ASU 606 which superseded and replaced ASC 605-25
 Revenue Recognition: Multiple-Element Arrangements
 and most of ASC 985-605
 Software: Revenue Recognition
 which applies to all software and SaaS arrangements. Although public companies are required to apply the new guidance to all reporting periods beginning on or after December 15
 2016 (all other entities in the following year)
 the Company has not yet adopted the new standard.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Going Concern&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company's financial statements are prepared using generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a going concern that contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has generally had net losses after consideration of income taxes. Further
 the Company has negative working capital and insufficient cash flows from operation as of July 31
 2014
 and does not have the requisite liquidity to pay its current obligations. These factors
 among others
 raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management&amp;#160;&lt;a name=page_72&gt;&lt;/a&gt;will seek to increase revenues and reduce costs


 CONTINGENCIES AND LEGAL MATTERS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Management of the Company has conducted a diligent search and concluded that there were no commitments
 contingencies


&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On November 18
 2013
 the Company entered into a License Agreement (the License Agreement) with Gennesar Nutraceuticals
 LLC d/b/a Genesar Nutraceuticles
 a Utah limited liability company (Genesar)
 in which the Company's CEO is a minority owner. Pursuant to the License Agreement
 Genesar granted the Company a worldwide exclusive license to all rights relating to
 and intellectual property regarding
 GenEpic&amp;#8482;
 a dietary supplement.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; clear: both; margin-top: 10pt; margin-bottom: 10pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; id=dspfpagebreakarea&gt;Upon execution of the License Agreement
 Genesar is entitled to receive 100
000 restricted shares of the Company common stock valued at $60
900 based on the market price on the date of execution
 which were issued on March 26
 2014
 a royalty fee of $4/box of 30 sachets of GenEpic sold by the Company beginning after 4
000 boxes have been sold
 and a payment of $200
000 for advances on royalty fees
 due by December 1
 2013. The License Agreement has an initial term of 36 months
 and will automatically renew for another 36-month term unless terminated by providing 90 days written notice to the other party prior to the end of the term. As of July 31
 2014
 the Company had paid $140
000 of the $200
000 prepayment of royalty fees
 which will be offset against future royalty fees incurred on products sold. Subsequent to July 31
 2014
 the Company amended the agreement to (1) remove the clause triggering royalty payments to begin after 4
000 boxes have been sold
 and instead beginning royalty payments on the 20&lt;sup style=line-height: 1; font-size: smaller; vertical-align: text-top;&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;of each month following the end of each of the Company's fiscal quarters
 (2) adding a minimum royalty payment of $25
000 per year
 (3) adjust the royalty fee to $5/box of 30 sachets of GenEpic sold by the Company from $4/box
 and (4) restructuring the advance of $140
000
 to a one-time license payment
 which would no longer be offset against future royalty fees incurred on products sold. As of July 31
 2014
 the balance of $140
000 in advances on royalties has been expensed


&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;The Company leases a 3
000 square foot office in the Draper
 Utah that serves as its principal executive offices. The lease expires on December 31
 2014. Pursuant to the lease
 the rent for the fiscal years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013 totaled $50
115 and $46
140
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company has three separate subleases for three rooms totaling 1
500 square feet of their Draper office space to three individuals on a month to month basis.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;The remaining two leases were terminated in September 2013 and October 2013. Pursuant to the sublease agreements
 the monthly rent received for the&amp;#160;&lt;font style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;fiscal years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;totaled $1
850 and&amp;#160;&lt;font style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$12
500
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;The Company leased certain machinery and equipment in 2013 under an agreement that is classified as an operating lease. The lease expired on July 15
 2013 and is now leased on a month-to-month basis. Rent expense under the operating lease totaled $4
346 and $3
717 at July 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;The future minimum lease payments required under the operating leases as of July 31
 2014 are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Year Ended July 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1379px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;16
875&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1379px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div
 style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1379px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1379px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1379px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1379px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Total lease obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;16
875&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;In January 2012
 the Company entered into a two year
 zero percent note with an 8% imputed interest rate with an officer
 in the amount of $150
000. The note is due on December 31
 2014. The Company agreed to pay royalty payments in connection with sales of a certain product line. The Company paid royalty payments of $38
392 and $1
063 in the years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;As of July 31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company owed a total of $36
608 and $75


&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Related party payables consist of payments made by a director through credit cards and use of a line of credit related used to pay expenses on behalf of the Company. During the years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013
 the officer lent $0 and $16
208 and the Company made payments of $3
431 and $7
381
 respectively. As of July 31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company owed a total of $21
083 and $24


&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company maintains a Line of Credit with Key Bank (the Lender). The Line of Credit was opened on August 28
 2012
 with an available $250
000 to be drawn on for one year
 not to exceed the principal amount (draw period). Once the draw period is completed
 advances will no longer be permitted and the Company shall repay the principal and interest outstanding
 over 5 years (repayment period). The repayment period begins August 28
 2013
 after which a minimum monthly payment amount will be determined. The initial interest rate is 5.210%
 and is variable. The variable interest rate is based on an independent index which is the prime rate as published each business day in the Money Rates column of the Wall Street Journal. Interest on the note is computed on a 365/365 simple interest basis
 using 1.960% points over the index. The Lender executed a commercial security agreement. With this agreement
 the Lender is entitled to a security interest in the Company's inventory
 chattel paper
 accounts receivable and general intangibles. In August 2013
 the line of credit was converted into a note
 and the Company is no longer able to borrow any additional funds. Under the new terms of the note
 the note has a face value of $250
000 that matures on September 1
 2018
 with an interest rate of prime plus 1.960%
 and as of the date of the note
 the interest rate was 5.21%. The note has minimum monthly payments of $4
745 which started on October 1
 2013. The balance outstanding on this note and line of credit as of July 31
 2014 and July 31
 2013 was $208
901 and $244
000
 respectively. As of July 31
 2014
 the Company has paid $41
099 in principal payments. The Lender allowed the Company to absorb a prior $50
000 note into this note
 not affecting the repayment date. The Company did incur issuance costs of $4
037
 which were expensed upon occurrence.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On December 9
 2013
 the Company issued a promissory note to Southridge as part of an equity purchase agreement (the Equity Purchase Agreement) for $50
000
 with 0% interest. The note was issued in lieu of due diligence and legal fees. This note matured and was paid in full on May 31
 2014. (see NOTE 12).&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Loans payable consisted of the following as of July 31
 2014 and July 31
 2013
 respectively :&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: italic;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Loan Payable&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=3&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;July 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;July 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=3&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=3&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$250
000 face value
 converted from a LOC on August 28
 2013
 interest rate of 5.21%
 matures on September 1
 2018.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;208
901&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$50
000 face value
 issued on December 9
 2013
 with no interest rate
 matured and was paid in full on May 31
 2014.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Total Loan payable&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;208
901&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Less current portion&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;51
071&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Loan payable
 long-term&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;157
830&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;In 1998
 the Company entered into a line of credit with Zions Bank (Lender) with a credit limit of $40
000. The line bears a compounding per annum fixed interest rate of 5.25%. As of July 31
 2014 and July 31
 2013
 the Company owed $33
098 and $17
911 in principal
 respectively. The Lender executed a commercial security agreement. With this agreement
 the Lender is entitled to a security interest in the Company's inventory
 chattel paper
 accounts receivable and general intangibles. The Company did incur a setup fee


&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 3pt; margin-bottom: 3pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Convertible notes payable consisted of the following as of July 31
 2014 and July 31
 2013
 respectively:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;July 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;July 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$250
000 face value
 issued on September 27
 2013
 interest rate of 10%
 matures on September 27
 2015.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;250
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom
 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$125
000 face value
 issued on October 18
 2013
 interest rate of 10%
 matures on October 18
 2015.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;125
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$150
000 face value
 issued on November 22
 2013
 interest rate of 10%
 matures on November 22
 2015.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;150
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$78
500 face value
 issued on January 14
 2014
 interest rate of 8%
 matures on October 14
 2014
 net of unamortized discount of $48
741 and $0 as of July 31
 2014 and July 31
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;29
759&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$53
000 face value
 issued on March 19
 2014
 interest rate of 8%
 matures on December 26
 2014
 net of unamortized discount of $39
087 and $0 as of July 31
 2014 and July 31
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;13
913&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align:
 top; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$63
000 face value
 issued on May 15
 2014
 interest rate of 8%
 matures on February 2
 2015
 net of unamortized discount of $47
673 and $0 as of January 31
 2014 and July 31
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;15
327&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Total convertible notes payable &amp;#8211; non-related parties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;583
999&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Less current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;58
999&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Convertible notes payable
 long-term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;525
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align:
 bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 3pt; margin-bottom: 3pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;On September 27
 2013
 the Company issued a convertible note to an unrelated party for $250
000 that matures in September 27
 2015. The note bears an interest rate of 10% per annum with a floor of $.005 per share
 and principal is convertible at any time after September 27
 2013 in part or in whole into shares of the Company's Common Stock using the average closing prices for five trading days directly preceding the conversion date. Interest is not convertible and is due upon conversion or at maturity date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;On October 18
 2013
 the Company issued a convertible note to an unrelated party for $125
000 that matures in October 18
 2015. The note bears an interest rate of 10% per annum with a floor of $.005 per share
 and principal is convertible at any time after October 18
 2013 in part or in whole into shares of the Company's Common Stock using the average closing prices for five trading days directly preceding the conversion date. Interest is not convertible and is due upon conversion or at the maturity date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;On November 22
 2013
 the Company issued a convertible note to an unrelated party for $150
000 that matures in November 22
 2015. The note bears an interest rate of 10% per annum with a floor of $.005 per share
 and principal is convertible at any time after November 22
 2013 in part or in whole into shares of the Company's Common Stock using the average closing prices for five trading days directly preceding the conversion date. Interest is not convertible and is due upon conversion or at the maturity date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;On January 14
 2014
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with Asher Enterprises
 Inc. (Asher) a Delaware Corporation for an 8% convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of $78
500 which together with any unpaid accrued interest is due on October 17
 2014. This convertible note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible into shares of common stock at the holder's option 180 days from inception at a variable conversion price calculated as 58% of the Market Price
 which means the average of the lowest three Trading Prices (defined as the closing bid prices) during the ten trading day period ending on the last complete trading day prior to the conversion date with a floor of $.00005 as stated in the conversion feature. In January 2014
 the Company received cash in the amount of $58
600
 with the remaining $19
900 being used for legal and accounting fees. The Company analyzed the note on the issuance date on January 14
 2014. The Company determined that the variable conversion price and the floor exceeding the authorized number of shares results in the need for bifurcation into a separate derivative liability valued at fair market value. On January 14
 2014
 the Company estimated the fair market value of the derivative liability associated with the bifurcated conversion feature to be $87
968 and a discount on the note of $78
500.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;On March 19
 2014
 the Company entered into a
 convertible promissory note with KBM Worldwide
 Inc. (KBM) a New York Corporation for an 8% convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of $53
000 which together with any unpaid accrued interest is due on December 26
 2014. This convertible note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible into shares of common stock at the holder's option 180 days from inception at a variable conversion price calculated as 58% of the Market Price
 which means the average of the lowest three Trading Prices (defined as the closing bid prices) during the three trading day period ending on the last complete trading day prior to the conversion date with a floor of $.00005 as stated in the conversion feature. In March 2014
 the Company received cash in the amount of $24
487
 with the remaining $6
898 being used for legal and accounting fees. The Company analyzed the note on the issuance date on January 14
 2014. The Company determined that the variable conversion price and the floor exceeding the authorized number of shares results in the need for bifurcation into a separate derivative liability valued at fair market value. On March 19
 2014
 the Company estimated the fair market value of the derivative liability associated with the bifurcated conversion feature to be $47
806 and a discount on the note of $49
010.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;On May 15
 2014
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with KBM Worldwide
 Inc. (KBM) a New York Corporation for an 8% convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of $63
000 which together with any unpaid accrued interest is due on February 2
 2015. This convertible note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible into shares of common stock at the holder's option 180 days from inception at a variable conversion price calculated as 58% of the Market Price
 which means the average of the lowest three Trading Prices (defined as the closing bid prices) during the three trading day period ending on the last complete trading day prior to the conversion date with a floor of $.00005 as stated in the conversion feature. In May 2014
 the Company received cash in the amount of $42
500
 with the remaining $17
500 being used for legal fees. The Company analyzed the note on the issuance date on January 14
 2014. The Company determined that the variable conversion price and the floor exceeding the authorized number of shares results in the need for bifurcation into a separate derivative liability valued at fair market value. On May 15
 2014
 the Company estimated the fair market value of the derivative liability associated with the bifurcated conversion feature to be $56
591 and a discount on the note of $56
591.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;As of July 31
 2014
 the Company estimated the fair market value of the derivative liability to be $177
907
 with a change in fair value of $14
458
 and recorded $47


&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The provision for income taxes consists of the following:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;July 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;July 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Federal income tax expense&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;State income tax expense&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Less change in valuation allowance&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Net income tax expense&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 6pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 6pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;A reconciliation of income taxes computed at the federal statutory rate of 34% for July 31
 2014 and 2013 is as follows:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Federal income taxes at 34%&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(738
562&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(58
328&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;State income tax
 net of federal benefit&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(71
684&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(5
661&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Change in net operating loss&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;18
385&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Tax effect on non-deductible expenses and credits&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;1
844&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;701&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Changes in valuation allowance&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;808
402&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;44
903&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The tax effects of temporary differences which give rise to deferred tax assets and liabilities consists of the following:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;July 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;July 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Deferred tax asset attributable to:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Net operating loss carryover&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;1
027
802&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;242
339&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;39
768&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;42
914&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Depreciation&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2
776&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;9
302&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Less
 valuation allowance&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(1
070
346&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(294
555&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Net deferred tax asset&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Deferred tax liability attributable to:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Depreciation&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Net deferred tax liabilities&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 3pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;a name=page_73&gt;&lt;/a&gt;The Company sustained net operating losses in 2014 in the accompanying statements of operations. No deferred tax asset or income tax benefits are reflected in the financial statements for net deductible temporary differences or net operating loss carryforwards
 because the likelihood of realization of the related tax benefits cannot be established. Accordingly
 a valuation allowance has been recorded to reduce the net deferred tax asset to zero
 and consequently there is no income tax provision or benefit presented for the fiscal years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013. The valuation allowance increased by $775
791 to $1
070
346 in 2014.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;As of July 31
 2014
 the Company had net operating loss carryforwards for tax reporting purposes of approximately $2
812
000. These net operating loss carryforwards
 if unused
 begin to expire in 2023. As of July 31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company has no liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits. The Company's policy is to recognize potential interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits within income tax expense. For the years ended July 31
 2014
 and 2013
 the Company did not recognize any interest or penalties in its statement of operations
 nor did it have any interest or penalties accrued in its balance sheet at July 31
 2014 and 2013 relating to unrecognized tax benefits.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company has not yet filed the federal income tax return in the U.S for the 2014 calendar year. The calendar tax years 2013


&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;As of July 31
 2014 and July 31
 2013
 the Company has 750
000
000 shares of common stock authorized with a par value of $.001
 and 51
151
766 and 25
005
544 shares of common stock issued and outstanding
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;During the year ended July 31
 2014
 the Company also issued 2
429
555 shares of Common Stock as share-based compensation to employees and non-employees valued at $807
852
 based on the market price of the stock as of the applicable measurement date. The Company also issued 1
500
000 shares of Common Stock as part of the Equity Purchase Agreement described in the following paragraphs for cash for $93
412. The Company also issued 716
667 shares of fully vested and nontransferable common stock as prepaid services over a six month period valued at $189
875 based on the market price as of the measurement date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Equity Purchase Agreement&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;The Company entered into an equity purchase agreement with Southridge Partners II
 LP (Southridge) on December 9
 2013. Pursuant to the Equity Purchase Agreement
 Southridge committed to purchase up to $10
000
000 of the Company's common stock
 over a period of time terminating on the earlier of: (i) 24 months from the effective date of a registration statement to be filed in connection therewith or (ii) the date on which Southridge has purchased shares of common stock pursuant to this agreement for an aggregate maximum purchase price of $10
000
000; such commitment is subject to certain conditions. The purchase price to be paid by Southridge will be 90% of the average of the lowest three (3) daily volume weighted average prices for the Company's common stock for the ten (10) trading days immediately following clearing of the Estimated Put Shares (defined below) (such purchase price the Put Purchase Price) under the Equity Purchase Agreement.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;The Company will deliver to Southridge
 simultaneously with delivery of a Put Notice
 a number of Shares equal to 125% of the Investment Amount divided by the closing price of the Company's common stock on the day preceding the Put Notice date (the Estimated Put Shares). The actual number of Shares purchased by Southridge for the Investment Amount shall then be calculated by dividing the Investment Amount by the Put Purchase Price. Any excess Estimated Put Shares shall then be returned to the Company.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;The number of Shares sold to Southridge at any time shall not exceed the number of such shares that
 when aggregated with all other shares of common stock of the Company then beneficially owned by Southridge
 would result in Southridge owning more than 9.99% of all of the Company's common stock then outstanding. Also as part of the equity purchase agreement
 the Company issued a promissory note to Southridge for $50
000
 with 0% interest. This note matured on May 31
 2014
 and was not convertible into common stock. Finally
 as part of the equity purchase agreement
 Southridge is prohibited from executing any short sales of the Company's common stock during the term of the equity purchase agreement.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal
 '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;The Company will not be entitled to put shares to Southridge:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1557px; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-indent: 18pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: symbol, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;unless there is an effective registration statement under the Securities Act to cover the resale of the shares by Southridge;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10px; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1557px; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-indent: 18pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: symbol, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;unless the common stock continues to be quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board and has not been suspended from trading;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10px; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1567px; vertical-align: top; colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-indent: 18pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: symbol, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;if an injunction shall have been issued and remain in force
 or action commenced by a governmental authority which has not been stayed or abandoned
 prohibiting the purchase or the issuance of the shares to Southridge;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1567px; vertical-align: top; colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-indent: 18pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: symbol, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;if the Company has not complied with their obligations and are otherwise in breach of or in default under
 the Equity Purchase Agreement
 our registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement) with Southridge or any other agreement executed in connection therewith with Southridge;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1567px; vertical-align: top; colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-indent: 18pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: symbol, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;since the date of the filing of the Company's most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission no event that had or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Equity Purchase Agreement) has occurred; and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1567px; vertical-align: top; colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-indent: 18pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: symbol, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;to the extent that such shares would cause Southridge's beneficial ownership to exceed 9.99% of our outstanding shares.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;The Equity Purchase Agreement further provides that Southridge is entitled to customary indemnification from the Company for any losses or liabilities it suffers as a result of any breach of any provisions of the Equity Purchase Agreement or the Registration Rights Agreement
 or as a result of any lawsuit brought by a third-party arising out of or resulting from Southridge's execution
 delivery
 performance or enforcement of the Equity Purchase Agreement or the Registration Rights Agreement or from material misstatements or omissions in the prospectus accompanying the registration statement for the resale of the shares issued to Southridge.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;The Company's registration statement with respect to 6
500
000 shares to be issued to Southridge under the Equity Purchase Agreement was declared effective by the SEC on May 5
 2014.&amp;#160; As of July 31
 2014
 1
500


&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company has one liability measured at fair value on a recurring basis
 which consists of a derivative liability on certain convertible notes payable (see NOTE 11). As of July 31
 2014 this derivative liability had an estimated fair value of $177
907. The Company has no assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 3pt; margin-bottom: 3pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 3pt; margin-bottom: 3pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The following table presents information about our derivative liability
 which was our only financial instrument measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant inputs other than level one inputs that are either directly or indirectly observable (Level 2) as of July 31
 2014:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 3pt; margin-bottom: 3pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1379px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Balance at July 31
 2013&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1379px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New Derivative Liability&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;192
365&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1379px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Total (gains)losses included in earnings&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(14
458&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1379px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Issuances&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1379px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1379px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Balance at July 31
 2014&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;177
907&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 3pt; margin-bottom: 3pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 3pt; margin-bottom: 3pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The fair value of this derivative liability was calculated using the multinomial lattice models that value the derivative liability within the notes based on a probability weighted discounted cash flow model. These models are based on future projections of the various potential outcomes. The features in the notes that were analyzed and incorporated into the model included the conversion feature with the reset provisions; redemption provisions; and the default provisions. Assumptions used to calculate the fair value of the derivative liability were as follows:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 3pt; margin-bottom: 3pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 751px; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 155px; vertical-align: middle; colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;July 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 661px; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 751px; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 155px; vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 661px; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 751px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Expected term in years&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 140px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: right; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;.21-51 years&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 661px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 751px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Risk-free interest rates&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 140px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: right; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;0.05-0.12&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 661px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 751px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Volatility&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 140px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: right; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;121-.157&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 661px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 751px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Dividend yield&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 140px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: right; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;0&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 661px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 3pt; margin-bottom: 3pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 3pt; margin-bottom: 3pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;In addition to the assumptions above
 the Company also takes into consideration whether or not the Company would participate in another round of financing and if that financing is registered or not and what that stock price would be for the financing at that time. The Company will continue to adjust the derivative liability for changes in fair value until the notes matures on October 14
 2014
 December 26
 2014
 and February 2
 2015.&lt;/div&gt;


 GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION AND SIGNIFICANT CUSTOMERS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: bold 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Geographic Sales Regions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;We currently sell and distribute our products four geographic regions: North Asia
 Greater China
 South Asia/Pacific
 Europe
 Middle East
 and Americas. The following table sets forth the revenue for each of the geographic regions for the years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=14&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Years Ended July 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: italic;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=6&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=6&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 815px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Americas&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif;
 font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;1
594
361&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;66.36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2
058
531&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;72.02&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 815px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Europe&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;5
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;0.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 815px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Greater China&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;253
265&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;
 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;10.54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;226
424&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;7.92&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 815px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Middle East&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;293&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;0.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 815px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;North Asia&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;35
976&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;1.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;467
371&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td
 style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;16.35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 815px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;South Asia/Pacific&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;513
874&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;21.39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;105
874&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;3.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 815px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2
402
769&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;100.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td
 style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2
858
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;100.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;The table below lists our equipment
 net
 by geographic area for&amp;#160;&lt;font style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;the years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013&lt;/font&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=14&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Years Ended July 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: italic;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=6&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=6&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 815px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times;
 size=2&gt;Americas&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;16
355&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;100.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;22
336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;100.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 815px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Europe&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 815px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Greater China&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;
 vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 815px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Middle East&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 815px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;North Asia&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times;
 size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 815px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;South Asia/Pacific&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 815px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;16
355&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;100.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px;
 border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;22
336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;100.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;The table below lists revenue generated by each of the Company's product lines during the years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=15&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Years Ended July 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: italic;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=7&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=7&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 815px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Product Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times;
 size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2
393
071&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;99.60&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2
847
652&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;99.63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 815px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;NBA Services&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;9
698&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;0.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;10
548&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;0.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 815px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Educational Services&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;
 padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 815px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2
402
769&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;100.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2
858
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;100.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal;
 font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Significant Customers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;There is currently one customer that makes up 38% and 46% of total sales as of July 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;div style=font: bold 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On August 5
 2014
 the Company amended the License Agreement entered into on November 18
 2013
 between the Company and Genesar to (1) remove the clause triggering royalty payments to begin after 4
000 boxes have been sold
 and instead beginning royalty payments on the 20&lt;sup style=line-height: 1; font-size: smaller; vertical-align: text-top;&gt;th &lt;/sup&gt;of each month following the end of each of the Company's fiscal quarters
 (2) adding a minimum royalty payment of $25
000 per year
(3) adjust the royalty fee to $5/box of 30 sachets of GenEpic sold by the Company from $4/box
 and (4) restructuring the advance of $140
000
 to a one-time license payment
 which would no longer be offset against future royalty fees incurred on products sold.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On August 25
 2014
 the Company issued a fourth put notice for 595
134 shares of common stock as part of the Equity Purchase Agreement in footnote 12 and issued an additional 4
866 shares related to the third put notice as required by the true-up provision in Equity Purchase Agreement
 receiving net funds of $31
623.04 from Southridge
 and subsequently issuing Southridge an additional 7
554 shares of common stock as true-up shares related to the fourth put notice on September 16
 2014.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On September 24
 2014
 Asher converted $15
000 of principal related to the January 14
 2014
 convertible note into 586
658 shares of the Company's common stock at $0.0257 per share.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On October 2
 2014
 Asher converted an additional $15
000 of principal related to the January 14
 2014
 convertible note into 810
811 shares of the Company's common stock at $0.0185 per share.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On October 9
 2014
 Asher converted an additional $12
000 of principal related to the January 14
 2014
 convertible note
 into 869
565 shares of the Company's common stock at $0.0138 per share. The remaining principal balance due after the conversions was $36


&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Basic loss per share (EPS) is computed by dividing net loss (the numerator) by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period (the denominator). Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of common shares and potential common shares outstanding (if dilutive) during each period. Potential common shares include common shares to be issued related to convertible debentures and stock pending issue under the ratchet provision.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;As the Company has incurred losses for the years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013


&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company's financial statements are prepared using generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a going concern that contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has generally had net losses after consideration of income taxes. Further
 the Company has negative working capital and insufficient cash flows from operation as of July 31
 2014
 and does not have the requisite liquidity to pay its current obligations. These factors
 among others
 raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management&amp;#160;&lt;a name=page_72&gt;&lt;/a&gt;will seek to increase revenues and reduce costs


&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Our revenue is derived from the service revenue from&amp;#160;&lt;font style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Live Blood Analysis&lt;/font&gt;
 sale of retail products
 and revenue derived from educational services.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 3pt; margin-bottom: 3pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;The Company's revenue recognition policy is in accordance with the requirements of Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 605
 Revenue Recognition
 and other applicable revenue recognition guidance under US GAAP. Sales revenue is recognized for our retail and wholesale customers when: (i) persuasive evidence of a sales arrangement exists
 (ii) the sales terms are fixed or determinable
 (iii) title and risk of loss have transferred
 and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured &amp;#8212; generally when products are shipped to the customer and services are rendered
 except in situations in which title passes upon receipt of the products by the customer. In this case
 revenues are recognized upon notification that customer receipt has occurred. The Company accrues an estimated amount for sales returns and allowances related to defective or returned products at the time of sale based on its ability to estimate sales returns and allowances using historical information. As of July 31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company calculated the amount to be less than 1% of sales so no allowance was accrued in either year. Shipping and handling fees and related freight costs and supplies associated with shipping products to customers are included as a component of cost of sales. Payments received before all of the relevant criteria for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as unearned revenue.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;The Company also recognizes revenues from the distribution of its product through trade partners. Related revenues consist of product costs
 distribution fees
 testing and labeling costs
 as well as any associated administrative fees. The Company recognizes these revenues after the product has been shipped from the outsource manufacturer to the trade partner. The Company has contractual obligation to pay the outsource manufacturers
 and as a principal in these arrangements the Company includes the total product price as revenue in accordance with applicable accounting guidance. The Company has separately negotiated contractual relationships with its trade partners
 and under contracts with these trade partners the Company assumes the credit risk of product produced by the outsource manufacturer and dispensed to the trade partner.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Unearned Revenues consist of cash received in advance for products to be delivered at a future date. The Company records the payments received as a liability until the products are delivered.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;The Company recorded unearned revenue of $338
263 and $58
418 as of July 31
 2014 and 2013


&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=3&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;July 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;July 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=3&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=3&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$250
000 face value
 converted from a LOC on August 28
 2013
 interest rate of 5.21%
 matures on September 1
 2018.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;208
901&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$50
000 face value
 issued on December 9
 2013
 with no interest rate
 matured and was paid in full on May 31
 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000;
 border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Total Loan payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;208
901&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Less current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;51
071&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Loan payable
 long-term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;157
830&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;July 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;July 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$250
000 face value
 issued on September 27
 2013
 interest rate of 10%
 matures on September 27
 2015.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;250
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$125
000 face value
 issued on October 18
 2013
 interest rate of 10%
 matures on October 18
 2015.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;125
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times;
 size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$150
000 face value
 issued on November 22
 2013
 interest rate of 10%
 matures on November 22
 2015.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;150
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$78
500 face value
 issued on January 14
 2014
 interest rate of 8%
 matures on October 14
 2014
 net of unamortized discount of $48
741 and $0 as of July 31
 2014 and July 31
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;29
759&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$53
000 face value
 issued on March 19
 2014
 interest rate of 8%
 matures on December 26
 2014
 net of unamortized discount of $39
087 and $0 as of July 31
 2014 and July 31
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;13
913&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$63
000 face value
 issued on May 15
 2014
 interest rate of 8%
 matures on February 2
 2015
 net of unamortized discount of $47
673 and $0 as of January 31
 2014 and July 31
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;15
327&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px;
 border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Total convertible notes payable &amp;#8211; non-related parties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;583
999&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Less current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;58
999&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Convertible notes payable
 long-term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;525
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1379px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Balance at July 31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1379px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;New Derivative Liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;192
365&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1379px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Total (gains)losses included in earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;(14
458&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1379px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Issuances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1379px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1379px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Balance at July 31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;177
907&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 751px; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 155px; vertical-align: middle; colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;July 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 661px; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 751px; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 155px; vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 661px; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 751px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Expected term in years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 140px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: right; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;.21-51 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 661px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 751px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Risk-free interest rates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 140px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: right; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;0.05-0.12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 661px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 751px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 140px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: right; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;121-.157&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 661px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 751px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Dividend yield&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 140px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: right; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 661px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=14&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Years Ended July 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: italic;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=6&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=6&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 815px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Americas&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;1
594
361&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;66.36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2
058
531&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times;
 size=2&gt;72.02&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 815px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Europe&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;5
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;0.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 815px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Greater China&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;253
265&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;10.54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;226
424&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;7.92&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 815px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Middle East&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;293&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom;
 background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;0.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 815px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;North Asia&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;35
976&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;1.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;467
371&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;16.35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 815px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;South Asia/Pacific&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;513
874&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;21.39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom:
 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;105
874&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;3.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 815px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2
402
769&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;100.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2
858
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;100.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=14&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Years Ended July 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: italic;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=6&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=6&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 815px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Americas&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;16
355&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;100.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;22
336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times;
 size=2&gt;100.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 815px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Europe&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 815px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Greater China&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 815px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Middle East&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff;
 valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 815px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;North Asia&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 815px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;South Asia/Pacific&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff;
 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 815px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;16
355&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;100.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;22
336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;100.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=15&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Years Ended July 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: italic;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=7&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=7&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 815px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Product Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2
393
071&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;99.60&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align:
 bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2
847
652&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;99.63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 815px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;NBA Services&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;9
698&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;0.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;10
548&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;0.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 815px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Educational Services&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;
 padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 815px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2
402
769&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;100.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2
858
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;100.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;

































































































































































 simultaneously with delivery of a Put Notice





000


















































































&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Property and equipment consists of the following as of July 31
 2014 and 2013. Depreciation expense was $7
442 and $8
319 for the years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 3pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;July 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;July 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Furniture &amp;amp; Fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;11
860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;11
860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Office Furniture&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;28
932&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;
 vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;28
932&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Equipment &amp;amp; Machinery&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;47
002&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;45
541&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Accumulated Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;(71
439&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;(63
997&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Net Book Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;16
355&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;22
336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;





























































































&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Health Education Corporation d.b.a. NutraNomics
 Inc.
 (the Company) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on February 14
 1996 and later reincorporated under the laws of the State of Utah on January 5
 1998. The Company was originally organized to provide education services
 books
 cassette tapes and public presentations. The Company utilized several revenue generating tools in order to accomplish this goal including Live Blood Analysis
 iridology
 bone density screening and other self-help methods. In 1998
 the Company changed its incorporation to the State of Utah
 the primary place of business. In 2001
 the Company created its own line of nutritional products that quickly became its leading revenue source. The Company filed for the d.b.a. of NutraNomics
 Inc.
 in order to fully prepare and utilize the brand name for expansion. In retail outlets and to its clientele
 the Company is known as NutraNomics
 Inc. The Company sells its own brand of supplements in 16 countries direct to the public. The Company also performs research and development services and outsource manufacturing for third party entities. Beyond its sales in both the United States and Canada
 the Company maintains sales representatives in Taiwan
 Japan
 Singapore
 Philippines
 Malaysia and South Korea. The Company maintains multiple different trademarks
 trade names and patents.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: bold 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Merger&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;On September 13
 2013
 Buka Ventures
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation (Buka) and Health Education Corporation dba. Nutranomics
 Inc.
 a Utah corporation (Nutranomics)
 executed and delivered a Share Exchange Agreement (the Share Agreement) and all required or necessary documentation to complete a merger (collectively
 the Transaction Documents)
 whereby Buka became the parent company and Nutranomics became the wholly-owned subsidiary on the closing of the Share Agreement. Prior to the closing of this transaction and pursuant to a certain Share Exchange Agreement dated September 13
 2013
 Buka canceled 25
000
000 of its 46
500
000 issued and outstanding common shares and simultaneously issued 25
005
544 shares of its common stock in exchange for 8
994
800 shares of Nutranomics common stock. The merger has been treated as a reverse acquisition and a recapitalization of a public company. Accordingly
 the historic financial statements of the Company are the historic financial statements of Nutranomics
 which was incorporated on January 5


&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (US GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates and assumptions are based on management's best estimates and judgment. Management evaluates its estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis using historical experience and other factors
 including the economic environment
 which management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Management adjusts such estimates and assumptions when facts and circumstances dictate. As future events and their effects cannot be determined with precision




&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Cash and cash equivalents include all cash balances and highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less. As of July 31
 2014 and 2013


&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;The Company includes product costs (i.e. material
 direct labor and overhead costs)
 shipping and handling expense
 insurance on inventory


&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;The Company classifies expenses for advertising as general and administrative expenses. The Company incurred advertising costs of $156
708 and $50
284 during the years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013


&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. The cost for inventories is determined using the first-in
 first-out method on the weighted average basis. The cost includes all expenditures incurred in bringing the goods to the point of sale and putting them in a salable condition. In assessing the ultimate realization of inventories
 the Company makes judgments as to future demand requirements compared to current or committed inventory levels. The Company estimates the demand requirements based on market conditions
 forecasts prepared by its customers
 sales contracts and orders in hand. In addition
 the Company estimates net realizable value based on intended use
 current market value and inventory aging analyses. The Company writes down inventories for estimated obsolescence or unmarketable inventory equal to the difference between the cost of inventories and their estimated market value based upon assumptions about future demand and market conditions.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;As of July 31 inventories consisted of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 3pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;July 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;July 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Raw materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;41
056&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;35
713&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px;
 border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;230
885&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;240
764&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Subtotal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;271
941&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;276
477&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Reserve for obsolescence&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;271
941&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;
 vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;276
477&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Receivables from the sale of goods and services are stated at net realizable value
 do not bear interest and do not generally require collateral. The Company adjusts credit limits based upon payment history and the customer's current creditworthiness. The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon a variety of factors. The Company reviews all open accounts and provides specific reserves for customer collection issues when it believes the loss is probable
 considering such factors as the length of time receivables are past due
 the financial condition of the customer
 and historical experience. The Company also records a reserve for all customers
 excluding those that have been specifically reserved for
 based upon evaluation of historical losses. The Company recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts of $106
617 and $112
389 as of July 31
 2014 and 2013


&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Financial instruments
 which potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk
 consist principally of cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 lines of credit
 and notes payable. Due to short-term maturities
 the carrying amount of these instruments approximates fair value. Our cash balances are maintained in accounts held by major banks and financial institutions located in the United States. The Company occasionally maintains amounts on deposit with a financial institution that are in excess of the federally insured limit of $250
000. The risk is managed by maintaining all deposits in high quality financial institutions. The Company had $0 of cash balances in excess of federally insured limits at July 31


&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Property and equipment are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation and amortization are calculated using the straight-line method over the expected useful life of the asset
 after the asset is placed in service. Assets recorded under leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the lesser of their useful lives or the related lease term. The Company uses the following useful lives for its major classifications of property and equipment:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 576px; vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Description&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 177px; vertical-align: top; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 814px; vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Useful Lives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 576px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Furniture &amp;amp; Fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 177px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 814px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;7 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 576px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Office Furniture&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 177px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 814px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 576px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Equipment &amp;amp; Machinery&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 177px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 814px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;5-7 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 576px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Leasehold Improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 177px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 814px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;15 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;The Company periodically evaluates the carrying value of long-lived assets to be held and used in accordance with ASC Topic 360. ASC Topic 360 requires impairment losses to be recorded on long-lived assets used in operations when indicators of impairment are present and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than the asset's carrying amount. In that event
 a loss is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair market value of the long-lived assets. Loss on long-lived assets to be disposed of is determined in a similar manner
 except that fair market values are reduced for the cost of disposal. For the years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013


&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;The Company expenses the costs of the development of its nutritional products during the period incurred. The Company incurred research and development expenses of $32
233 and $44
706 during the years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013


&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company follows the provisions of ASC 718 which requires all share-based payments to employees
 including grants of employee stock options
 to be recognized in the statement of operations based on their fair values. The Company uses the Black-Scholes option valuation model for determining the fair value of stock based compensation.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;Option pricing models require the input of highly subjective assumptions
 including the expected price volatility. Changes in these assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;The Company records the stock-based compensation awards issued to non-employees and other external entities for goods and services at either the fair market value of the goods received or services rendered or the instruments issued in exchange for such services
 whichever is more readily determinable
 using the measurement date guidelines pertaining to when the&amp;#160;&lt;font style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;service is complete or a performance commitment date is reached


&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities
 and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws expected to be in effect when the differences are expected to be settled or realized.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;The effect on deferred income tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Deferred income tax assets are reviewed for recoverability
 and the Company records a valuation allowance to reduce its deferred income tax assets when it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred income tax assets will not be realized.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;There is currently one customer that makes up 38% and 46% of total sales as of July 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. The loss of this customer would have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial condition and results of operation. There are currently five and&amp;#160;three vendors that make up 70% and 81% of total purchases as of July 31
 2014 and 2013


&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;As a part of the Company's normal course of business
 sales taxes are collected from customers. Such taxes collected are remitted
 in a timely manner
 to the appropriate governmental tax authority on behalf of the customer. The Company's policy is to present revenue and costs


&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;ASC 820
&amp;#160;&lt;font style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: italic;&gt;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy based on the level of independent
 objective evidence surrounding the inputs used to measure fair value. A financial instrument's categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. ASC 820 prioritizes the inputs into three levels that may be used to measure fair value:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-left: 36pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Level 1 - Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-left: 36pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are either directly or indirectly observable; and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-left: 36pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity
 therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;The carrying amounts of the Company's financial assets and liabilities
 such as cash and cash equivalents
 prepaid expenses
 deposit
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities
 and due to a related party approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;The Company's Level 2 financial liabilities consist of the derivative liability of the Company's convertible promissory notes issued to investors. There is no current market for these securities such that the determination of fair value requires significant judgment or estimation. The Company used a multinomial lattice model which incorporates transaction details such as Company stock price
 contractual terms
 default provisions
 maturity
 risk free rates
 as well as assumptions about future financings
 volatility


&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;In August 2014
 the FASB amended Accounting Standards Update (ASU) ASU 205-40
 Presentation of Financial Statements &amp;#8211; Going Concern&lt;font style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;an entity's management should evaluate whether there are conditions or events
 considered in the aggregate
 that raise substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or within one year after the date that the financial statements are available to be issued when applicable). Although public companies are required to apply the new guidance to all reporting periods beginning on or after December 15
 2016 (all other entities in the following year)
 the Company has adopted the new standard.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 12pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;In September 2014
 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) ASU 606 which superseded and replaced ASC 605-25
 Revenue Recognition: Multiple-Element Arrangements
 and most of ASC 985-605
 Software: Revenue Recognition
 which applies to all software and SaaS arrangements. Although public companies are required to apply the new guidance to all reporting periods beginning on or after December 15
 2016 (all other entities in the following year)


&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 576px; vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Description&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 177px; vertical-align: top; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 814px; vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Useful Lives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 576px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Furniture &amp;amp; Fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 177px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 814px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;7 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 576px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Office Furniture&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 177px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 814px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 576px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Equipment &amp;amp; Machinery&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 177px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 814px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;5-7 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 576px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Leasehold Improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 177px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 814px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;15 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;July 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;July 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Raw materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;41
056&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;35
713&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;230
885&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;240
764&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Subtotal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right;
 vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;271
941&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;276
477&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Reserve for obsolescence&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;271
941&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;276
477&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;July 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;July 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Federal income tax expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;State income tax expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Less change in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom:
 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Net income tax expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;table style=width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Federal income taxes at 34%&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(738
562&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(58
328&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;State income tax
 net of federal benefit&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(71
684&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(5
661&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Change in net operating loss&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;18
385&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Tax effect on non-deductible expenses and credits&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;1
844&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;701&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Changes in valuation allowance&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;808
402&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;44
903&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;July 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;July 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Deferred tax asset attributable to:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Net operating loss carryover&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;1
027
802&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;242
339&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;39
768&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;42
914&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times;
 size=2&gt;Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2
776&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;9
302&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Less
 valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;(1
070
346&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;(294
555&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Net deferred tax asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new
 roman,times; size=2&gt;Deferred tax liability attributable to:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Net deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Year Ended July 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1379px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;16
875&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1379px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1379px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1379px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1379px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1379px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Total lease obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times;
 size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;16
875&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;July 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;July 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Furniture &amp;amp; Fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;11
860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;11
860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Office Furniture&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;28
932&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;28
932&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Equipment &amp;amp; Machinery&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;47
002&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td
 style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;45
541&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Accumulated Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;(71
439&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;(63
997&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Net Book Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;16
355&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: '\', \'times new roman\', \'', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;22
336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;











	

	














 November 14












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 November 14







































































































































 November 14







































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 November 14








































































 Net
































 Plant and Equipment






























































 Related Parties





 Related Parties





































 Related Parties














 Value


 750
000
000 shares authorized; 51
151
766 and 25
005
544 shares issued and outstanding at July 31
 2014 and July 31
 2013



































 Shares







 Shares





































































 Net
















 Extraordinary Items












































































 Value






 Shares





































 Gain (Loss) on Derivative
 Net















































































































































































































































































































 Credit Risk





 Plant and Equipment

























































































 Net Derivative Asset (Liability) Measured on Recurring Basis





 Recurring and Nonrecurring










 net


















































































 Raw Materials





 Finished Goods



















 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment

























 Plant and Equipment











































 Fair Value Assumptions













































 State and Local Income Taxes












 Nondeductible Expense





 Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance















 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals





 Property
























 Property










 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate



































































































 Future Minimum Payments Due





 Future Minimum Payments Due





 Future Minimum Payments





 Future Minimum Payments





 Future Minimum Payments





 Future Minimum Payments





















































 Income Statement





 Plant and Equipment





 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant








































 Interest Rate

















































000 face value
 converted from a LOC on August 28
 2013
 interest rate of 5.21%
 matures on September 1






000 face value
 issued on December 9
 2013
 with no interest rate
 matured and was paid in full on May 31























































































































































































 Convertible











 Convertible





 Convertible


















 Convertible





 Convertible





 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis
 Liability
 Purchases
 (Sales)
 Issuances






 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis
 Liability Value
































































 Shares
 Share-based Compensation





 Value
 Share-based Compensation





 Stock Issued
 Shares





 Stock Issued
 Value





 Net Derivative Asset (Liability) Measured on Recurring Basis




 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis
 Liability





 Balance Sheet Location












































































































































































 Converted Instrument





 Converted Instrument
















 Deferred Tax Asset
 Increase (Decrease)




































 November 14




























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 image00007.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0$`8`!@``#_VP!#``8$!08%!`8&!08'!P8(A`*@D)

TH,4H*2C_

H&A8:*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H
M*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*C_P``1`!(`44#`2(``A$!`Q$!_\0`

M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#ZIHHJ&YG6

M




012UG^'I?/T.QE_OPJWZ5H5
MWQES14C9.ZN%%%%4,****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@!&(523P`











M9:!I
^I:I*8K.$9=PI;'X#FKC.




MDFRN[Y`



R1Y9#D+L'`(^^

M113PL\OFLJR%_D+'D\(K?-R`X!Z44`:7CYRFAJP_YZKG\C7CZW8A^*'AF9SA
M&;R\GU)(_K7M7C&T-YX=O$09=%\Q1[CFOG#QA.Z06NH6Y_?64PE'TS_B!7D8
MJ3ABHM[

UG:1WFS=&!









E%R3







D\&R0#]*6%^*5A8?=V'_`[
M2K73OASI4L$8\^[C\^:0CYF8D]_0#H*X_P`=6


TW5T/Q#^
+[&83%Y.T;=N,8Q7C7[-&F6ZIKUS(@DGMKG
M[/S<^6O.0OIG`S]*]ON3BWE/HA_E7CG[-$HDTOQ'C&?M^[([YS0`W]I:RA7
`=;\W!<V$N['KL.:\^_:2F5=)\-PG




']<GMW0FQN07A)Z%3U7\*^CZPO&7AFT\4Z-)8W





+PW$22Q.

CJ&4_4&H;+3;*Q9S96=O;


M+(

UC9VUL6&&
403(]\4^^L;6_A\F^







MKE%`&#I'@_P_H]P+C3M)M(9U^[($RR_0GI^%;U%%`!1110`4444`4-:T?3];

H*6



MB7`^I]3[T452BH[%));%ZBBBJ&%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%
I%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`'_]D_
`
end







begin 644 image00008.jpg

MVP!#`0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P``1``!`)T#`2(``A$!`Q$!_\0`

M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#Y_HHHH`**


C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H`#`,!``(1`Q$`/P#W^BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*





M`




M

M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%
M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`'GWQ=DQX:LX_[][&/UK.T/!@4


H``H&ART[BFJ!Q3^

M1XO;9'C6]'I.W\Z]RT?_`)!\?TKP^$*?&UV5/#2EQ^)Z5[CI'_(/C^E(M%^B


([%
\5[O7C'Q

Z33+NX
:L5SD?PO6_
M;W

5R#_`



MG\*[?4YI=I&[''85XMXT:67Q*R.[
%4;03P*`0GAAI9]5$TK%Y&;+$]:^@M'

-NJ'M046****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB




CC

4M`ROY8Q



?ZN#_ODU7UF!HL;3/2Z*\Q/CG6

'J%P*HS075

FWHB75?B5XFN

M

MUU1V/0I'M47^J7Z4^F1?ZI?I3ZT-`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@




DABX'R@#VJVD.`/2G00EG557+'IBME8;;
M3;9KFZ*_*

:J7NI:7IQ*O
9YA_!&./Q-9

.![BL)59STIK0TLMD
M9@UF[NF'V+2LJ?XF)/Z]*E5];/S&SAP3]TG']:W(KJ$*!(0%S@$'^8JWM0C(


%!Y?Z^U8FL:@EY&D0P`I^[CI7*\1#

2I]!7?#8]6D]#V)/N#Z4ZFI]P?2G5H;!1110
M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!



]Q(V[D(
[JP
M3

?*/E]
UT.F1K:V`=U8/+R3C@?6C#TG*=V9216OCQDUS-[P['U[5T5\P;)

M'8]?7[@^E+2+]T4M:&P4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%


M0#TKEQ
^2!



F.G.*Z84%36AC-6.8U
M`YS_`%KFKO&YB*Z/4!]XUS5WU-:0W

M2NZ!ZE'8]97[HI:1?NBEJS8****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`

:)%7
MZ`@$?A6WLHR:E'1HNRW1[3!<+=V<4Z\AU!%5I\`-[]ZSOEW;W.A+):7`N+;

M:NR.5AC#ZGDUG7K9XK*9QU#F=0/WJYNZ.371Z@0-V*YR[ZFICN90*N?W35

M4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1


MQ_-$Y['T/M3+V&VM6^V&V



MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@


GC+34D8%+H@;


M.*BOI/#^D[KG4K^W7









^^
TZV\'^&;5@\6DPDCD%R6K78


MM


MCU:'PGI(Z4445J=`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1
M110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!67XC&?#6I`?\`/L_\JU*S?$`SX=U$
M?].[_P`C0Q/8^6;
%\+T8\@5M6T*+RW)'K5;2#$52*;;RY1589&6X!_`UHI;

$
:Y17.


M+`)U9K4^4./N[\]:RWNB+5^JE)-LFTGH#AB._-5;G4[G4/LS7D


MV:WD%Q9RP-=BU9HRWRL3CN!D9JS:V

M34Y+?2_L-I9

U&;2=2M)(HXMS%8

]?0U7N)'FPL]Q/*
Y`D8E

N&)/N3U./


M2LMRBL





C*

4U[/N4E2?4D






MZA=W$;1O
_DMC

V_-USW'UJY
/FQ4


5+10!\])IT9O+BSN8P3%*R^A'
M/4477A2Y`
E@?/3J4)^?\^]=EXTT8Z;X@6_C0_9[K[V!P'[_`)TM@P*K@DG'
M&!TK.5-2
JE&

M85Y\.H)






MTK



UEZG-%;V\


M`-=*LQ_#;P\A!\F9OK*:Z[(HR/6CV
.POJU+L85OX-T&V(



T@SB67(0?0=:HNR.ZU?4[33+1Y[N98H1
MSN)Z_2O&/%'BZX\1RFULPT5B&X`/+_7VK+O+O4_$%WYM]/)*QZ`CY!^%='X?
M\)R7


AF3CZ5VUAI
-FHVJ.*T`H7H*6@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@!H/:C8OI2T4`-V+Z4;%

-10`4444`%%%%`'__V3\_
`
end







begin 644 image2.jpg



M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#W^BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB




M_P`49R/UQ776&K66HQ[[6X60=\=J`+U%(#2T`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1
M110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%



M189QF517.^'P/LT8..@%

MGP$#Y`


MVB:G+'XCG3)P)2.OO7MNER^;9JWL*0T7:***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`X+XL



MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B

M.1^%/%



M\@\$:$T\HEXX_*O:;&#R+95QT%!1:HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MD)Q020:XCQ5X[CTMFM--*376/G?JL?^-`'3ZOK5AH=J]UJ-TD$*C/S=3CT

J%8VXAA
M1Z]ZN)T%4(;A?2KB2IC@TL3=**0



MZ`2.C\&Z?'#9QL%&0.:[#I7FNC^(+G29-KJ98#U7'(]Q7?6&I6VH0+-;R!E/
M;/(^M`RY1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110

M6PLW475PI+


;::;]R?NTSR.G!S08#D9-`#7OY.PJI-=R'/O5IK


M`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%8_BJX^R^&-

0;5!!]R!Q0(UK:W'IS6G!#@9JU7`&:TH0,46XY(!@8SG

MAV.(UV(C3IF'&WGCVKHO`FJF:!58]N.:X[Q'XIT9+6XLH[])KAAC;$-V#[U:

M444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`5QGQ2_P1OOH




M7I#B*UMHQZL:'6B'(ST7=Z4TMUX./I7F,OB#Q)/G-]%![1QXK-N)]3NO^/G
M5+J7U4-M'Z5#KHI4VSU.YU&SM49Y[J(+R=[@5S&I?$;PW8YW;7+CHLY_6

P^`.+M0.F
UY+%#Y=PJX[BO7/``Q=)]






M`R%_^O5;3O#1D/VC5'
TK_
4/1?K6%2LW[M

M^(%`O-4?YO[
&WT!Q_
UT=NMNH6-%$(_AP


M

M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*Y;XC?\B)JG_7.NIKF/B$
^!M4XSB(
MT
:/ET\[3CM6UI%GO8.X^48(K-MXO
E0=AU]ZZC3U'RX&


MQ--\L:CJ/4U=M=MM;







M-3_5K]*=6IF%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%





M^K6G

MYIKR2=S)-*SL3DLY+9-9/V@.Q).YF.3GDDUNZ-H&IZU(HMK=UBSAIF&%`KF=

MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`L#QL



*O`%6[:X^T



ZE]OT




K4G&7
CV'0

M






M-NWM&8YV

;G.V3'U%;_`/PN
MZPV+_P`2*X

M[S3`_P`JU5Q*
T;^H_&O49HS'INFP6HQQ([%F'X=!7*Q?\)+X\U10\\USS\\

MM&??`KI9-)U6X:%(;3S)FV1JYLQ^AY'U-9$WAK65N+Z.:S\IK2/S9@[@8'



M`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%9^NC.@7X_Z8/\`RK0JCK0SHE\/


4_7O#L
FMZE'HS10M9P)+-;&(JH!&?E(Z_2O-[*ZN(



MW.CO-22_:SBAA\N.W7:#MVY'TKUWX=@B)2
?C7B-J/FA;'`&*]Q^'JD0K]!7
M2F92/3****!!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!

3`
M#&.1W]:M1R-$\;HQ5T.]&'53_P#KK.
K





M*^_+_P`JSKALG)&:Y]6S5Z%[E&*I19DF&.1TJ6?!JUI-H9KQ%52SD\`#)K
MNH1



]G7I




M8M]

2Y







=AZ5[GX(M6BL58@8(JR3M****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`*]Y;QW%K)#(BLCC!!'6O-;^R.B7K(H(MV/&[M7J58^L
MZ2E_5(!SZB@#F+&Z1U4A@5/IWK;A8$\=?2N$U#3-2T6=I;.1F0=4;D4^R\;
MP1.L6HP2VY'!;&Y:!
]&0@CC@]/2IP@==L@5QZ


3:?;



MF10V=O;C]U;Q1_[B`5(PR/:@RJ!G-5;B^@MT+23)&O=G8`#\ZKE2%JR=LXZ_

_Q'YG_
M`

MK
T#0(K*)3M7./2ND`C`H`6BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HZT44`4[O3H



V^@SR``1GKZ=:W]-\&3R

UJP:=!,!!0!P.C^EC*ED_


MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@!-H]*38OI3J*`&[%]*-B^E.HH`
#THHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
=BB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@#_]D_
`
end







begin 644 image3.jpg



M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#W^BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB

)M$B^]J5O\`@^:KGQCH


M_`Z\.#9'./RI=P)Q@?A2`]]COK289CN87^CBIP0PR/:OGLM@`K\O/:K]IK

M

;]?P]:`-NBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@#+\17A

M\(H$S!30;SKLV_TJ8:+J2]%R*]




MQ2*+=%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11

M4@HY%(8[%%%!Z?A0`TX-

UF7V3$P`[&M5N.
9YK.OO\`
M5GYAT--$L\


=*\5\8:A-J&NF!@!#;



M/6C4_$6I:_Y@O)LQ-QY$9(0CT]ZQHM+546.&-8XTX4*


M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44

W4UH^.-9.K^


5JPV@]*0#;


MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB

M.
=2.IKB(-0-M





.XMQ@\=:P[




M``^E4J

U'
G!S

MKKS&V19QZU


JN
M54U




M%0M'[?G42V


DGCWKII:'?AM
MW91[G&,Y/0NSTK3?NO+G/I63H]@L`#

MM!XK6@B(.

H'3(!_G7-4J)+4YJU515V/LM)2.


P/?O_`(US5IJC


HR\+\''J/:M2P
Q
M)]Q?I3J:GW!]*=4&(4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!
M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!4-V
V4X]8V_E4U177_'I-_US;^5`
M'R??@_:)0
9\QOYU)8VJH?


M]
#OFNGT]

MS3#:




MY:NR3Q)$$`*@#&*HRL#R#FOH*,.2FD?6T*;A2469U_@6_XUWWP['[Q/PKS_
M`%`YA'^\*]^'6?-0_A6

M110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%17


#ZTE^O^GSC_`*:M
M_.E@/S#VK2!O2W-^Q`P*ZO3AP*Y/3^H]*ZVQ/R_A5S=H
ZY.T38-QY4#L#C:




21K_=50!7
QG7W^K`_VA7H_PZ'SI7F]Z?D'^]7I7PZZIQ7)/<\JM\1ZROW12TB_=%+69
MB%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`
M4444`%%%%`!1110`4R;_`%$G^Z?Y4^F2_PID_W30!\P:AQJ%Q[3-_.DB(#
MEU+C4KD9_P6S?SID9&ZM(&]

MN+(-





MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*9)_JG_`-TT^FR?ZIOH:`/E

M(M=42%[F
)N6`

M2
LK*8_[+OV<'$)(_.M


`Q#*


M@]!ZFM](['8HJ!8\7Z@1!#I=NQ-S?N$`'41_Q&JUVJPQI$@`6-0N!T`%8.CZ

ME=R9SZ5DSMP1Z\5NSKDK(IW!#8&?XJ]6^'8^Y7DTAR0






9^IKQ?2/$VM^&W`TZ]/D@Y
3?
A]L'

4L+/=AI;21-K2DY


M*+FYF9DCD?S)Y



]#
M\1Z;VHHHK








_I]:TY3=196N).#S

+
M#4)7U-0)IX)#B(^N
LG[-J%O,\,]C<I)$N^0%
MVU?7CM4$7B*%O!5SHTXN9;V:]2X

MP




MH
=O:00RZ/N


M


AI\D

?
_=*

0H!)Y.!S432$$XY.
DJ

JQPI)ZU+'H
M

:9H6I:W

MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`BGC66%XV7*L




W1)%H\)/_/*0K65/\'M+?\`


4?Z1J%U+]
+

[G7^)-

N74-CY(L_

?PU!Y5WJ-RTTTDDTSGEW.3_
M`/6KK=`\)27$B


UT


=\1\FCQ*?5I2?Z52G^+6NR']Q8VL7N06K7_`.$#

HQ_6L6ZNM:U-LW=[=3`G[K2''Y
M5ZK%X#C`Y3'X5I6_@J!2-RCCVH`\8M_#]Q*1A#QWV_K706'@V:;!937KL'AF
MWB(^0



C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H`#`,!``(1`Q$`/P#W^BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M*8YP3T`KSO7_B0D-P]GI!5BA*O.PR,_[/\`C0!Z,QC)(`]35.XU;3[;_77
MMNG^\XKQ.?6]0U!B;K4)Y-W4;L`_@.*B!0=1G'2@#V9_%6AQ]=2@/^ZV:KGQ


M!
-QCF)_Z'O0!NT444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111
M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`8?C&_


'GTJZNGV[C[F/PZ46'

K&N0


?C7











MPO4W1R#AAU4^H]Z\6L+F3P]K5UI7GR





?%ITVS5PK/N.U0O`S[UU%_/$BX2/GMGUKQGQKJ$U
M_K8M6`$






M\




M10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%

M[U=\8:P=8\2W




??
MK`2`C&!5A4-/4#?2]3')!XJ3[6GJ*P`AP


^ZG9FQZ5G3'=U%;;V1(


M[/2C8/2@10



JZ

M6`]D!R
TM-0Y0'VIU`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444


\UYU)`!T4#%4)X/7)JUAH]Q^



;WOG2+U$2\?G5$ZI$?\`






MA+=LN2_:




M&Q8*3@GCVKK=-C&1D9KF=/&66NQTJ

#V

1T]S6G=W@M-.ED'&Q
56^'UH9(;K4)1EG?8#[5\]S

M\:G:IV2'T';/M7`1ZA/;'?#(4YR5/(/UKW:^LH;^SEM9U#1R+M8$5XAXE\)Z
MIH
C=\R//Q%%M\R-G1M9L=05[651:71RR`?<=O;T

QR3
M)OVXP1GUKG5-IN2+HN74Q%F


O-F

M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%5[\9

MO+T209^\PKK_``1;B'PQ:C;@N2Y/K7G?BF0G2
#^]7I?AN:&W\+Z;)(X5/)4




!;V`\M5'&

YJ!=*TZP+?9+.*''=




P\ESG8Z%&%G:ZN(F^V7!.X[

LK)(K+(&*D



M*

ZT[+;$#[S.H'Y_X5S6IG#'!R.E;&
<_XUZ-+<Z8;G*WQ^8UCLW[RM2]8;B<UD
?


MJYK#!]8NNV)6_G5&(_/]:WIFD-SHM/;&WGO7007I++$APO\`%7(Q71B7RU^\
MPK=T?#MDMG.


M7;-#'*OHZ@UE.A&3NCEJ852=SYK:0R-M4%F/15Y/Z5T/AWP!JNO3++=(UG8$

MJ?W6[R(R.X'6LO4)


A
M#ZUPSW.:6YZEVHH'2BI$%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11
M10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4R;_42?[I_E3Z9-_J)/\`=/\`

M2/@]^A]*ZW3F`4*!BN3L%^M=#:3!!EB`*[HG1$[&T9986BD`
;K\W/ZUSF
MH6\FG7302;MG5?1EJ[::@H(&

MB:'.N9''VNH7GAS5TU33G*;3ED!^4CN#7N7AWQ+I/BFT@OXCBXA4AXL\Q9ZC

!GRXLDA15M?%VH+;0_Z''(SPF4EFVG;NVCBN!T+X
MNVDL2VWB&U*.?E:6


6NCM+*XR!
OXUG2.`5Y[D'
M-=@G@VY:^L[74;V*T:]W&W1%WNRCU[E@T2/3+?3)H;5;N[GNFCDED7.Q%.
W0



WU3P[<WZ
MSW!U)%=DA5^&V]L=Z@N-*\OPU#J-O-<2:F\T<+VSX*[8R
8K+T+Q'_8NH6%

YS6A:^'UU?PUHUI':P

MABU)X8D9F4P`*?F.3SUQ35.K

M?FYQ[UG:KXCL]




6=SN9CU)K

^XKED9,]$HHHJ1!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110
M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%(WW3]
M*6D/2@#Y-\4+CQ!J7'_+RX_6N8E!W],5WWB?2FO-:U-X!^]6X?*XZBNG4I*



MCL_!?AY-0N-6CUZRNM]I:F6))RRDGD\&M?2O!NEZOIVD7L9N[-+V-WDA$FXH

MJMB.21JP:!I=QIVGWR7VIQ1W=XUHL9L0P)&XGTHNO#%OIVDW6HW^HW1^SW
MHM-MNJ_-D@`\_7FL&'Q!J

MQJTUWY_D21$PCD8.?7BHELB7&9NV'A:UL_$.DO





\!I/

WKVKZ)^R6]_;^3=Q)-$X^ZXR*Y+
M5_A-:3NTVC7!MB?^6,G*_GVKJI5DM&:QJ(\OC)Y].H]:U]*&GXF6^/SD#R^



M13KD$G`C7[HZ5Z;X7_1(S7C`GEU;6'NG&2[Y@]!Z5[KX


M2TQ]%OF


M?+!YC;D4_3O&

X_:R/&A\$;YC^\UJ+'^S&:L0_`U#@3ZV^/\`IG*



M\::%I1(N=1B#CD)&=[?D*\[USXJW%UNBT:W\D'@S2\GZ@5!)WWB#Q!I^AVK2

P



M]\9KN:



;HB9[[93_`(5)_P`+BD7/_$D/_?[_

M=2AOX2Y`_(5ZE%X#C`Y3'X5I6_@J!2-RCCVH`\8M]`N93_J\DGD^M=!I_@R:
M8@LF*]=@\
V\1'R#CVK6AT^'H@_*@#@]'\$)%M9XZ[:QTJ&T0!57(]JT`H'
M04M``.!@4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444
M`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`
MF!ZDV+Z4ZB@!NQ?2EVCT%+10`@`%+110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`
;!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`'__9
`
end







begin 644 image5.jpg



M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#W^BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB

)M$B^]J5O\`@^:KGQCH


M_`Z\.#9'./RI=P)Q@?A2`]]COK289CN87^CBIP0PR/:OGLM@`K\O/:K]IK

M

;]?P]:`-NBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@#+\17A

M\(H$S!30;SKLV_TJ8:+J2]%R*]




MQ2*+=%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11

M4@HY%(8[%%%!Z?A0`TX-

UF7V3$P`[&M5N.
9YK.OO\`
M5GYAT--$L\


=*\5\8:A-J&NF!@!#;



IZ^U`RU1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%
M%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`444=

L'
6.


N(ST4FO2]-ODO;974\GM3`NT444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11

MO]R-C^E3UGZ[_P`@&_\`^N#_`







:GV
MIU(84444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%

MC=(_QS4@L6(Y(%2Z'F;K&OL=L;NW'69/^^A4;:E9KUN(^/\`:KC_`+`F!DYI
MWV6

0`X`_*F
IQWJ




/FJ5G&[@!1GGTKHK.P[R?D*Z7*R.G2<F
AB/&%S]!6C%9
M2




ML_F;
D9P?I6^'Q;E/EDC3W9#)(/*)\@E%ZE3TIB6ZR_-(0HS3-4O4@F\A#P.

UCWFL+.V

?A61/JD\G#./H!7-4K5'LS&56.R-Z

MZLSIBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH


LI^0G

MX+Q%\

]DW#




F^39%#GF0CU]LUPM]J]UJ=P9+A^1]U!PJ

M






8.?PJ*+5=4DC$
MEY#8Q1GH)3L)_#K7G3Q

M?_6K)2XTVZ8++/;V\G]Z.7*Y_&H+O3Y44S1
EQ%W:$YS]:Y7*O3?




M(PM=)^PJ/5Q79?#P?

MEK

MJV.TMC)4KT/Y5Y^!?N\IZ&%G=G6:8SS0-.9I7#]!(NTC\*Y;QA!):W*W2G]U
M+PWL:U=)O)%NQ!DTT+G,EQ.V,M[M?5-.BU.PDMIAE7'7T]ZZ*U/VD+'75C




:](.:P+

37?\`CU3_`*Z5W/P['*5PVN'_`$5/]\5WGP[Z

M10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
E_U+_[II]
D_U3?0T`

M-

BZG`O[ML+*!V/8UP6


M*9YY5C1)/*9S]W=]:\]^'GC*'7+`Z#JL@%Y&N(WD/+CV/J*Z#Q%I9DT.ZMC$


M

JLLT9##*_
.:3A

M





DT3P_(6$@V

M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%-?_5M]#3J1ONG

MZ?*9BFYZ&]`S9`)K7M5RPR3SVK(M


)K[9H\UT_P#

MY





_E(WFNK`


ET


'K&]$+3PVAS$2&MC\JY-X8I5'F0J_&1N&2/H::;*SQL$2C=_=8@_A7
M++#-NZ9[&'S*



1);
MN`.C`;A54\-R2#T(Q71:$EHSRW*O2E[R.K%KH[S*



Q`?;R%'H*YXW

M_BJHTT@#*DCC/!8-@FJC3D]V95



?6Q'M#Z3!

JZ7'?0E77J.U`'*6-TDBA@P(/.16W=P&#FN&U#2=1T


MLNPURRO$4P74



M!0

M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!
M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`8'H*38OI3J*`
M&[%]*7:/04M%```4M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4
2444`%%%%`!1110`4444`?__9
`
end







begin 644 image6.jpg

MVP!#`0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P``1`#%`40#`2(``A$!`Q$!_\0`

M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#UGQ)K/B'3

M4T:R1N

CC((]Q6T*D%I*-SFJT:DFW;7W'D?_X-1_Z!5K_`-_&H_X7!J/_

%@S`7.DW
2]S'(K_SQ6Y:_$+0-20I
M;:C':W!^Z+V




:R&V*Q

M_&O1ATY%+17EU)QELK'T%*G*]Z7,%%%%9FIYU/XR\96Y8MX1?:1E5=OY5C



=




QPJJ[$DULP^
/&DZ




L\APD2_T

M!OP\M]#V7VI!+G4.JXRD)]O5O?\JXOXKLQ\7A2[%1:IM!/`Y;.*]NKQ#XK_
M`/(X_P#;JG\VJ,+4E4K\TNQIF%&%'\D%970[Q]HOD6&AZQ$ORW-G%%
1_?5

MC)26Z/J2.1)8DDC8




M]NL?\VKB*[?XJ_\`(Y?]NL?\VKB*][#_`


ME\`

M(XV')B)+S_

BRQG#HP9


M`%^'_P!`6N1^)4:S:GINK(
+J%DDA_WA_P#6*UUWPA_Y%N]_Z_#_`.@+7%B)
M
^






:A(1B(






CE_P!NL?\`


Z34G97?YGIRJSIXA2@KMQ7Y%_Q1XNU#Q1=9







MKN/A1_R.+?\`7H_\UHQ'\*0\%_O$/4]NHHHKP3ZX****`/-/C#(!INEQ=VF=





/_`
O(_
][+
;?


L?.'K7PCUKS+.ZT:5_
MGA/G0@_W3]X?@<'_`(%7+_$+5'U[QD;2U^=;8BUB`_B<GYO_`!XX_N=T75[







_QRMV'Y@?\``JY7
M1='N]=U6'3[-





M/%81Q^TK7].YZQH7_(OZ;_UZQ?\`H`J_6?H7_(O:;_UZ1?\`H`K0KS)?$SWH

58%64X(/

M]$5P8^IM!'KY10WJOT04445YA[I6U#_D&W7_`%Q?^1KYA'05]/:A_P`@VZ_Z
MXO\`R-?


M1UWJKYR1TS6!JGQ.\/6


M'/!Q[BH5%2JQF^C/I^BO&;?XN:U'$%GL[*9A_'AE)_(U#=_%CQ!.I$$5G;9[
MK&6(_



T2U72=



MI6E!5.=2@C'%.C[-QJNR9XG1117O'R`5T7A/Q.WA^ZDBN(OM&F70V75N1D$=


M];5(/35'TN&SC5C9OE9V5%-1UD170Y5AD$=Q3JY#T#DOB+H?\`;/A::2-




M#;M8@XZ@!B?T%3&
HJU4FE9,S=*FW=Q7W&#_PA/AG_HVG_?%)_PA/AG_`*`MI_WQ

MK[C!_P$)\,_]`6T_P^*DC\(^'8CE-%L?QA!_G6U11[2?=C]C3_`)5]Q6M]






(3X9_Z`MI_WQ1_PA/AG_HVG_?%;U%/VD^[(]C
M3_E7W&#_`,(3X9_Z`MI_WQ1_PA/AG_HVG_?%;U%'M)]V'L:?\J^XP/^$)\

M&
6T3+(O<*5`*'TQ3?%^CZHNM:5XIT*W6[


E`%BPU6^E^*FLZ5)<,UC!IUO-'#@85V9@3Z\X%
M<CX2O+O6K2^U#XCS6UT]W(AT\O;#A9F55P5W<@#\ZZS3]-O8_BOK6HO;2+9

RMN9MW`(



T;A?E(*Y(.!TJC?7&IZ!\4=4U9/#NJZC9W6GP0)
M)91JP#*S$YW



#`D\[;NZ9SCBLRX&J^#_&^LZO'HMYJVE:RL+L;`!YK



'C)`))/2LC7?AM+IFC6]]H&IZQ=:C







MP^GQR3M;QQ'SG95)9MRGGKTQUK.^&]KKVMZ)IOB&_P#%FI3[WD\RS:.(1N%=



+


SGSJ-]*4$30;2&C#J?WH)(QQQ0!ZC1110`45F_P#1:)_T&=/_P#`
MI/\`&C_A(M$_Z#.G_P#@4G^-`&E16;_PD6B?]!G3_P#P*3_&C_A(M$_Z#.G_
M`/@4G^-`&E16;_PD6B?]!G3_`/P*3_&C_A(M$_Z#.G_^!2?XT`:5%9O_``D6
MB?\`09T__P`D_QH_P$BT3_`*#.G_\`@4G^-`&E16;_`
)%HG_09T__`
D
M_P`:/^$BT3_H,Z?_`.!2?XT`:5%9O_1:)_T&=/_`/`I/\:/^$BT3_H
Z?\`
M^!2?XT`:5%9O_1:)_T&=/\`_`I/\:/^$BT3_H,Z?_X%)_C0!I45F_\`1:)
M_P!!G3__``*3_&C_`(2+1/\`H
Z?_P!2?XT`:5%9O\`PD6B?]!G3_\`P*3_
M`!H_X2+1/^@SI_\`X%)_C0!I45F_\)%HG_09T_\`\D_QH_X2+1/^@SI_P#X
M%)_C0!I45F_\)%HG_09T_P#\D_QH_X2+1/^@SI__@4G^-`&E16;_P`)%HG_
M`$&=/_\``I/\:/\`A(M$_P@SI__`(%)_C0!I45F_P#1:)_T&=/_P#`I/\`
M&C_A(M$_Z#.G_P#@4G^-`&E16;_PD6B?]!G3_P#P*3_&C_A(M$_Z#.G_`/@4
MG^-`&E16;_PD6B?]!G3_`/P*3_&C_A(M$_Z#.G_^!2?XT`:5%9O_``D6B?\`
M09T__P`D_QH_P$BT3_`*#.G_\`@4G^-`&E16;_`,)%HG_09T__`,D_P`:
M/^$BT3_H
Z?_`.!2?XT`:5%9O_1:)_T&=/_`/`I/\:/^$BT3_H,Z?\`^!2?
MXT`:5%9O_1:)_T&=/\`_`I/\:/^$BT3_H
Z?_X%)_C0!I45F_\`1:)_P!!
MG3__``*3_&C_`(2+1/\`H,Z?_P!2?XT`:5%9O\`PD.B'IK&G_\`@2G^-%`$





M?\P#2_\`P#C_`
V



+^.*




M('X8]2*Y6;3(M+TKPSH5VX\^XF26Z8]2L0WE!Z_


M%:7L








=ZMPZ[:Z9H=UK-WJS7]E+
M\D#I!C:O01C`YP01DUSVFZPMKX'U[7]Z?;;R627Y#D(S'RXUS[8!_&K&KBT@




M7

(.3
M_P!]$X]\U'LTU_75FGM6I?.WW*[?WG60:UIMSI9U.*\B-D
YF8[5&#@YSTYJ
M/_A(M)69(9+Z.&1P&1)P8RX/3`8#/X5QEW9VUK\/-&

MLR%NF


*




URFM





7/8@9`'HOH*:I1D_=VO83KSC


MKT[5S6H0)JWBG0])M6*V5A;F\E'(^4C9&/8]?PK/.HE=
\8:QIY`N$)MH!$/
M]5'$-@(QTY+-CVH5)-:;_P#!!UY)Z[+]%=_CH=J^L:?'
RON2O:V\LBR201/(O1F0$C\:26SMIGWRVT,C=-SH:**+L+


MUE?AW@,V/4]Z**5QV0BVMNL31+!$(V.YD#!/KBG/#%(Z.\:
T9RC
H)4^W


VZ1E5U*NH92
$$9!HHKE.XB6U




T
;2H
*Y4;E'L:


 'defref_nnrx_AdvancesOnRoyaltiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_NumberOfRestrictedCommonSharesEntitledToReceive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_ValueOfRestrictedCommonSharesEntitledToReceive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_RoyaltyFeesPerBox'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_NumberOfSachetsSoldInBox'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_NumberOfBoxesSoldAfterPaymentOfRoyaltyFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_AgreementDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_PrepaymentOnRoyaltyFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_AdvancesFromRoyaltyFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_RoyaltyFeesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_MinimumRoyaltyPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_RemainingBalanceAdvancesOnRoyalty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationsRecurringBasisLiabilityValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisLiabilityPurchasesSalesIssuancesSettlements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisLiabilityGainLossIncludedInEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisLiabilityIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationsRecurringBasisLiabilityValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleLongTermNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleLongTermNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayable'

begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`.<;_,,@(``*0D```3``@6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=



MF



Q0
\GWTJ1^Z2W`3?Q]RJ

M``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0U53`C]0```$P```+``@7W)E;',O+G)E
M;',@H@0**```@``````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````C)+/3L
P#
;O2+Q#Y/OJ;D@(

M-!U/%`OQ['*ED3!1RF%HT9


M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````+R:RV[;

/2UL:NU*4*_'=I#OZ_-








/86G!0YX]<'DX

PI7_VC
MS^8G````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`2A[F[`4%```D$P``#P```'AL+W=O

M(S4(EN`D^?=[T$3?IAUJO

M%6YVOZ.1KU;)DD_RY7[#L_(HLN-I5%+ZQ3K9%LKH=I6D?'&LJ!5MMVZTH;Q?




V'[H4.YB




M-`W'@R8Q??&./6$$%@V$A2LW\?#D;\UNDX'RBH%2*L(VY?RWV4XOH!YJ]+

MFKY-,],Y$M'4FX2@CY&@K]E4!M'KY1D*C)5;A82


$%``&``@`






SN?NIR\#?M;7C

4)!
!?JRSDT@!'LO?N


44$I45^1&+3M#$0
M^J'/XCZ)BRZ1YB$C94VA$5AB$#*^HP;KJ:W$V:[(RCBG%[.TK8\,RP)$$$
M/0MAI7EF71@#GDNH-TQ.$\;N$29A79BYBA)$U#H+PL@=QL5E-@8E\;#]M9T


MCU+/:`2I!OA^Y`XK4;=-UN7YTK*:]*,D1.C++-94$X#(T9U0@O#MQ17=3%



HYB;!AK-
M8UY]H=
J'Q]-;Y/X*D.U5P^A_@G.*<'?B/K#X4

MRD*7!\Y
AGSW)M[X+1:Y@PBT&EW!U2]!`LLCGR

M6N!MK;[SW6?*RDI!M1
(2


M+IXAZ@-\Q`JOEH+O'&@:V%-V6+=@L`#G0V2&8XCU7Z%C-KD0;ND+H=HI!0



X.C^K


``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`/SBP%@$`P``_0D``!D`




M+R[Y==A`




M6I
7



M^HVM8F:IVO-3&Z#_\NRC[OVMU/OR(ZCRS1_Y


[BDM#]`!

=49X
I+5C=^SEVJ2OI6-V7QOX!8YTHX

M-4RL]V=SMGS2WF$RI!UC#YF93#A#0C=DQ!4(_.XU9
F
=X/145/^D$%$

]@@CN8\!:#9D1T!Q/?8N:7/DLQAK3P0(PY+<48&QQL<(6A
M'V/=P#$^


M:.^RIJXSKQV@0Q(N27@DX9-$0!(A240D$8\1DA3SAZ3@]%J%A7X)LZGC'4@P

9IY$8

NQ!3
F!DFX).&1A$\2`4F$)!&11R(I24.LY.98?5_EMZ7ZU%/4L9RMRW
M7/A36&T#]J&5.()%R2\`31C9M-++
_;

H;W4[J1L#LTXG9(EZD&LHB.7/,W
M&V8NNI&`1D(:B6@D'D5D97@=]PEE1/DG*8//0383T*@R).+27KP.$9G.6!C7
M+SRZ14.V$MMA#02T4@\BLC20.`^(PU_#*4SG$9L)J!1:4C$I;UX-Q!SJ`_9



M14@B[I[%36:15;O
R0Z'6DG+-WZOK$




_

$%``&``@````A`!8Q

YD5]WKH__GG\LG(=UJ5UGI:T

=J<EIZW[+5@?PJ7K[3:B0#\+<F6#
\;J1Z'`7ZV3DU/Z7'9_T^OO



B1H+QX'J\2B








ME)K;CJ

M$%PXQ.Z+I!


M=E9?BC






0G@SCV?09NY<PR)0(\E%$V;JP:*!YZ/\[26*5L_S;S`R
M.3$),O#:,YY*I%=#C(ZS5WH8:]6-WE2)@(46
I=6X!?#?GW6[[7)35D0
M]HBB!#)DKD3`BA+\8J@DBM9]1U)M.FBD]!RJ/5_':3H7HM'6A=/K4Q[%[7#

M.=G]:`%_JO@4`;UX1=K21IJ`F;28K:
$F:64%OI^?)O
.
?PN($R404'YC`]
MV03
E;&5EBS6DMIBQD3GN)A`V%K&V$YL+X3$
&=44S
9J#/^_S$^-3Y`V4

5#*)(C#'L$F(MJ
MAE
B3.0!8R%/T'QXV3)-/(1Z@UFS\4\)
%%G53/$SFVDCGL
07=-AHZ;B+
J
M&IZF:L3




M%!-UK)X\


'BP5O#:9

MKH$)NN]Z!)BHLZH8H:YB


MX?



6P44JF:CGMKVLM+U)C_A

MNFD8KEYF1:4RA56]1(

I\B5R9U:]O

\];8+.^DWOI%N!/VMECP_9V[G]BWS\AHOCJ87E=F!&






MG$=2(I(2

/DJ2Z777




?4K3

MI+[X).VA80ZFY0IIL^N)6:_8G6:0F+N/[P7N=:I=39]P@.

4?XGN4(


`4$L#
M!!0`!@`(````(0!!S70JL@
``(0

M=#0T+GAM;)1776^C.A!]7^G^!^3W!0R!)ADU03U[DJ[TM75_7@FX16`2/L



M(S^T@[GK8X!;.\+%
Y64R

29(GR1(C



M!B1Z9




M_@T``/__`P!02P

Z:X;&D@+


+5.9W
HND\

M.&HVEYKD7+$]*7PIT-[@$2


81(6./;WOSXIQB
M`OXF9Q:?OWD3-+.^K/



BYX;6R4EEUO
MFS`4AN\G[3\@[@N8CR1$(563JMND39JF?5P[8()5P
AVFO;?[QBG%$-&V4T;

UL?$_O7SX69E6T+B.L
EJTEB


O45+'9'JQ_:GSG5D9R?KE#W;^3.BQD%#N)2@:VS

M$'+?G$I[`

V&/&82QGR(
C[!1W^.T-P4G-FAW

+8(H
M


M%KUWXC0SY7&*
#PN38_3)T[!9OXB[^V\Z+IJYE)7M%H
3N3^W^\-7^JVF]U*










M_63ACAO7)_S0#X*TBQBH07V7JREXK/:1:]IFF$BK!6D2C]1W_?NAGWK_&2?L

MLP'BIV$415W(0ZY1D[!8[F/41@YP\#`NIV8!MVC-;*;109VZISK?8C,OY\*
M'KV?\4?5QLXP?;MQY^:(@5MZC9NQYT;?[`9IN\VZ=PL


#!JS%&-G.9O?O.\:!`.E&:5\`P_'A

M/WY8';EXEB4AR@*&6B:H5*I9.HY

MWW5CAV%:(\.P%+=P\#RG*7G@Z8&16AD202JL0+\L:2



M)RI#XI](X'PB\6([]*/9_%]8@A
+G#L6[V86Q\35VO2`%5ZO!#]:4'J@7#98
M%[*W!.;.'Q--[]A[AH%3FF2C61($WPQX(2')+^LP]E;.V0F/6&V!@/''C-!
M[#J$3BC(ZS6;T.-?\]=)T6#M12=2ZUM:VX

MU
L@8#^8][Q&G





M?68LF'['BC(CE25M%)^TW?`^[^;C^--GX[4/H'





[\19XSO
7CD9;

6K19%?




M)!&01$@2D8J0?(9-7-MGGDR



M
9S6\@-G]8(:2DD4B)R*[SK;;V9&)S&KN-%OMU`RG=%CH3D?B@KDV_[]V0

<Y3!



[
&UL
ME)5=;YLP%(;O)^T_6+XO!IH/@HJ592MTB95TSZN'6.58R1[33MO]^QG9*T




MNR(HQ6EOG=A/@60-K

:R7KS:-D_EH&:`AO/#A9)$M3_$W2
AJ.M*)





0J.`HTU\Y$I904(@%^CS'%K
M@/):_L\Y9DXA*8[M_S`<0G`C2WEXBE'2M-(CURP\I\$D8Y*DLPZ$GAV)
2W

MU+4


X+AC`S
]I87+V5`)`:F
MZP



M:O]L&`PUW+#&.Z0A6@^SECPB(D%#\RZ^R(-\$Z+JN^O&P&H
]-V^
CK037V3

-



I1MJ0MB2-;%F!7YG&=\N/'Q8'J7:Z


M


M%]&/K@'?%2I91?:-^2$/7QC?U@:ZG4)-J]Y^?K`-(6@DPP3JT2E0T8@&\D
MN)T





T-;@\%U'.^UJ

6;G.#D:\L?TM85


0]Q#\L2^97+-/



RYX

X`F8R^^V[C#G9
M9.-




[)

#X%LJ
C(TP)'DL_V]
M9Z?FNI






!DZF
MCK5VV`P?*`


M$.\W]_@X4&;);R'A0E?2`1(A02D9(*6&W?J]59VW]9!DAVQKN-4F\SI)

X:SY.B)Z?Z$G





;E^&VR^2H@_CRN#_4;WJ4

^.7)Y$#_HF\
C


P:9870%\QKCI+T@%P^G:_C\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#[


&PK

C=?7:@XBA0R(DY7';

MN.V%2B6;E8KT81C+RSPA


(R![



4WEO#USG:WVW3P!F3QS25\_TJK
M67?Q!A0R&D^7T-JA_7Y*/8=




F@AT8LOG_SV[
F+KS[]_;O')?!M@4=%^)!&
M1*);Y`@=\`AT




R





^46YS3IBI=B!F?'




M97

MS88/E:(2^XI^]\XL7[.FJ%V**ZW;


DDN+U91R$19`1J0FU=?PZCKZ&-WX$S
M@'CXL]N;[2_&%\>'+3V$MXS\*#82L#+(Q[:$3NFOY@[OK>(/?S9V@D\_SG=
MW,
U



Z*8```



TL+;D#^$3N$I)[




JZ]`O\

'PX`:
6R+L7J2C'$[!!II0K@PP$5V%!UU92\7EW.
MUZ80DG0!0ZD12`.'-*+.*TG.!9XE@

:F2GL0XA38K2#0'@:(%`#-'35'][
M%(.FDR]05
)IAX&GS&F*6XJD)@R`1TM4E'UCZL89U0#@:`K0Q)OZ.M*


KEAL4
MB\E'D,V$SDJ8XVI'W



R$L$^!)S0-2I@-4&J8U*`5A(`/SJ.!M
M9UM^#O#JG0]**-^32*M
Z'PD./MDQLPKJ)I]N?&Z9'%X35B.J`
D`!IHJB8`


M


MY`8F)\J$8G2HISQ1U\5Q!=S^?JDV00N+!;W*0/X



M*NT(5JTP-V:TBKL:('A*VAI.ZO]MJ1]U6\UE(&%Z55VI'WU8&DKU):I1UY
M7T61F^(J[0A4B;XL^*(IK=*.?)ZP)/
$E;&T(Z_[H:3N7V94WN/[DAZ?4BEM


MYGVXV146XG
IEFX9$A^\\+.[XCV'UW`?0
I0^NCNDM@I_(\/J;ZD8C[B#44+
M&GR*2)_]E=_]-.L_/\+]0W
E8K=/8@=7(#+`_[1+B!IQ+T($9TPR1.Z]!&[[




D.S
K(`YIVA1)$V2ZLBOZXA`X)&&!`(Q!%'U5%_4&W0^@Z$?1H_A)
M^OO7VON
`
6TJR^Z(RI=(G#.'M;XKV%O?/\OGQ\&R:=L
NV/AC^L;&ULKB39




#GCQ;C1I


M@)!W9J/NQU;2N4\GV30YG\]


MPPH7#W#\2WUG!Z/A=#3H]^!O+WF?#M)A-X/*F*KI
L-2MAP[C?&N+R^/SJZ2
M=J=S=-5I?)M.[\V
=?6/[*_S_J=TD`UGC:VVNV8;I\DDZV8\=#/(6LDPFR6C



M


Z5:)TVM0

MTX14%RPEFRI&8MS;K&FP+K
IIJ_KKKV']1N
QI*O^HP=\

MB0(/6-?1

/1\E:H%7CJ5



M!2=7#ME%A`

-X[[,3`1K9^_4EUUR/!=
?X^L9T<,`
MA5]&@1JE=I8]]PRE&N\L6^]#-KEK1KS//_W<WI:]J3KOH_GGOU'YAB':.K7




ME`.K@]


M/\/N1BM9$]]7@#ECRA`KKY+'5&:_&][%PLZI`$U





=3
AZD7;.E-W.2(.`2FX/Z+!E+O9K/0;2CH%%S




M3W:58)[-=


I8Z!=J2RQN



M
Q%[8


M;T&BXA&?J2'
7$X$67I/(B'$!?F^D\:J3E.AWE_FO3L1=P-WG!
:[S:82TK
M2%5?*).;\5/@VO!NI/4Q)[94B/
N5]QT8)L!*G]1GMT%RP
IK@40MD+0(I


?32\0*9:XW
M8$W)IJ@JU*@&2
&#I402%HLINV!)\LG$DL9'

S.B.
M%/52.1STL=5-''PI@:69Y1*ENP/Z@]GJ!#J?*QG@CZ':1



:1^VI'2&@!MA']]:

M/H.XIJ2:^KQG++:%R&PA^\C;;?\S2V`%T99I:_:\7N@3;3M'^]./FD.EGN0^
M96;#V(1MV!:GSUK_TRN$U&*(T

M)Z;DN8CN`PEL(5%R[$%B#41
P`%@TDD$L!47!W;P+B:-#W


)!-_2M
M:84.\`(@D&5EW=!FZS=BF1.#!



'J*8198A9-$1Q&L)&20Y`:Y;@QJA_.+-^\+A#AL&KL*8H8`N\;<D7

M

!!6!OKM@IEB<P?(0LALK1+=U=YW&\K(




MJV!+RTOB
&?6U02*I?9HL%^Y%*!@3^A#60B5BHHP%`8I5'%T6^+`0DL)*^






XJ\7ZL''C
M%-[UQ%4]7.12&!9J!F!3IKC[VYC-QM=*

AK'0D1)UP:B0Z`LK+JU/)%/:KP-4&`
MPF\+@RGRYGYK?^N-*_+6UG9KY^V[?\:HQY-I&*2ZPI:^


M&$ZZ1JK

M!CHJ['/A=-457H4ZQO2658W^$'+S-M3AY:WFBLC$`D1EFS.P;A8$
UQI.-
MI[NDKH./BN7(Q*E;([XA@94`QP6!3FXX^II-@0G@0;Z9#WTZ$XKX&GT!?U7@
M$.0J%M5YXR:;/5IM#]ESE2%


Y!5.0#/8A)(.5WIFJ



\9VC#ZASB^
,.N'M*M`K'D?R=[ZDHE/<SZ?E/A<GWYKR?Q7,Y4A4-_@4Y88ZB*

Z2RY&HV)Z7;V



M&LMP2P2RF2MU*OBJU4:TZ3



@

;@]1LF+TK?87R_^YGQ89#']

4X!@(KXW%D0L5`Y/PD(=!!L=C?V6=HP#A)`-PT

O$HJBX8L3L:








FNCN!4!
ML\]LDP`X;J\!#3O.=$93Y&-76%


R<9]REY%9LO%4P4/5(Q_5D;)9BMVJ?!+JN*

5N
R9BHX.=!L208J[;.74
MT

MWGUDLE6(8\QQR3(U-M/I8\[4(8M1J&2P&YF2*QT%
\'Q&C1+U9G96):1B:&H


MY$&$A7%L6:0.Y1_V?&MH?-C[^L7[PDD`])2@R+=/XVGR9M-W_W:KM'M.I^&Y

'0%LR2WREXO5+S$E21
MAWXQRQ!DU8H`!XPD#H-:

+AH


M5D]]BNZ*4!TD=/31L/B-)^?#YK.&J]ROFP

M@#9*


M]!/E([#6[%`R+_6YE,O_

M6




MQ/BJB
P



&JS!TN.8PM@&FXC#$*QP^UT'9





9!YD7U
ZS!VXB-<UG
MD^^-U10*Y7-Z^%5VKVLG1Z=XA:)+O^/9BK]0F831G6
J7-%5V*5FQTL.
\S
M&

_XPCLS5ARJ56Y:Q`EA)Y`P=-_ZP8/BN)KC']Q`Z
%G
M8%*3W.2C[:)S_L(=0R]S#64[X#X^L4R]M,L^R@Q@)+PF6$`)\AS9:H.2$&














MZ1^'$7HZ[AXH&/IQ&T1J'_[

;5
,P[&W0'AMQ<'1N8#R!X:JM4K_A1F%N?.+'1/([?\6NQ@Y:^<*L
MRYP5E+F:*KTRZ#U2)-7QO`%I*9!CO*I#M%)Z5A%]:$F3M,RVY)^VCUH*H3@

V9K<XJ=$YV0H7%.

9
M6=W?;+WCAN%*@3^45$G



!_0


ST
H'3MG3A

M^C?_^


5$%F[?L@


`AO[NA-


M'&NO$6#)K*BK1!!/FA?'7SJF)MX
+A3Q?#WMHQ/\-_OQ]*C=:5[?;D=NOWEC





(

2N#4Y:QAJ-'YX8]$EBX/AL%



M
GU?S'_FN?WMY=-K6;U=?M^O?DG.


H&VVO0TBK
?_!J3-9;84J;X
M4$ND%K]'-/88AB3#

M





_7E^

3*5+@T'Y&7)

E+)I9


MCFFMXEH#9UU






M6I4_V;&?

P3DH!21TYVKMQ\S#OMU?^-U!$944IE6L\_DBNK`2
MMQ+Z:%TXH&

S!;ZK_F$G]3!V32PP'D)N[];5``-=2AM
MJ7*T2[ZN`U?O^2UH?G3+2.AGI3&M2H)0T8LGMPNC$ORS@EV^IP:)$2!'UXY&




&)U35I35;[UK`S
MJP/2==;
M@V#F)&B:R0L4^9___]E8]S4LYL*7\?2EL1VEYBVI*RS+\![Y6U5$:SC(B)
M_IN.TBO@/?/EJI#PQ_A-J%^IJDK&&R74Y:?-(W91!4^J=
(5(/4(]GW&CY

MBB`;9$=L.[
0Q?JTEMR-V;\+#]V9.+.;80^)/;;1/M

EQ+&:AN

P&
MB2)8S9ZJDWF'S0^RZ;H4@M1(:5;Y$:RGL#XG/)U!A@1`1B^ZA!SC^3&%TN


M:=*A5:D%`CY_0]4
1E@'8*YHG)A)5`RV+?T9Z[DIL4S*$JM2V1;!R
I*7=(_

.KM4
M&!OKVT(





MJF@Y^EV7#O_Q\?/F3S$M)M%@?C4*O(VGZ'MJDOS]*'#016].@2O]\PL)OD42
M_$9DO$-5S;/^VR#?@^N3X*)/EGD#O:2X.6%5:S%7J#]P6^%0H\2JX^!_U=

?8






MR:`2WDPDS`&0Z#)G%Z^)SB3R5G:CS)I&/)3V3!&*6G3W#46DXH%XO1#RKT
MP.*


MX@]SO3\QL(*B\Z?








M@*`^:H(2\1')Y$U@9M\V=


MI


MUZ65X#`@+K0


NLA4*7=:
MJ`8H\/+8[BZX15'-73[LPN7R\*/(!B



6
M67Y5?


M?H:BKEYOW@?ZG
?0W4-X*HQ()??6CKE9X


9A@;-`
5POX6FVP*T!*G0JL2X4[M#7-$Y2T7JE
MG\!;.SKOFP)X@]

#F%G660%O8W-O




V`76(R`\!;
M:W@KI`C/C`D*+?4=L`TD9(E(%@J`@A6J)5`UO1X/G0,)8:X/L-G;S\[O$A



MY7!;0;:OWA]8=]7_Q3`B-7QV?7

F$^T#
MS_`[EQQ6EJ1_%*E
L@1'CRF$P#U`&&*1
V&'=H
0^.P/^`Z(D08+Q?I@2]:%



;X0S+^BX^OGR+[,_7AY^-

9*X`B1+!&A+M!;

MQ!6=O.KZ4C28DUH-

P(\


RRY_]WV6OW8`5#[


Q$B'W



_Q4]'QK'

DO(6`('+`DM/@^VK99PA-+IM]#RX4O'


M*R0T&=%7G6'L%JF7A=Q$


O!'/3+N)Q5ZOWX^C7'/J2C'3O$!QAJ.:

M^XAJ0AQTK(!A:D9FN0IDO

K%Y0!(=&;00##V


N/FT_OS
Q7CW
)E
M?_%OY1#;5]8R%E1^9=!2+`46:O8)WBG:`G9;'98A`
!XA=)GK7N!U63+[:

_T3J\D6M`:D


MN5-=@!N
U4RJ47;'NSB-H



M?NH2T^:YEV3-/7Y[^.K'NU!_JAFR)O
Q5CL(MLWR]^PN#%D_UQ$1H4'![46H




MY7Q[






MV)T@6X0``PRL2!OTA1/JG





7LG_S;B3-
M?V#B'DJ^R8*!



9HHSO%99
M#F*P.EFUYA=HYF
_
M'N/7<Q/O51^'6WJ$)3



+W#HB_X(UFF&$1-I

6YP-:$$T82I98Q)Y4SZQ0Q=:9DF=X
M)X^Q_O

I)33:'

+`+2U[^-3S!.WAMU*8-/Z
F*H]_/;M;;#UBI7HTK*KZ8'W
M




!B%[R?M/UB^
M)TZ`)`41JD+7K5(G3=



XSHBDHL5!


M







M#:]@+\51#@%UN*=PZK.']B5LG_^


M`/__`P!02P

MF1*2H`:(@#;MO]]KKHNQ23+PTI9RN!R?^W&



MC&J_S]/LL4I?BZQL

_Y*6\_

@.U(4\B`\]5
2B-$1Y+W[?<EW[7%M,W_!`Y<1@%O/6=,^Y2*D;:6O
M35L5/Q%$9@







5F*D
*YKM$E\^[Y.3





M#`

D31UX6;91AT;!A<#2HIW-`.'PM1
3L5AD&R?EA



-$OCL=E?


PZ85VX``ZOI^AKNG].[P33.3&!21

35SR$\RL63


MWE=5^WDACHK[(_S-_P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`+*$Y7*]!P``
RX`
:!D)7.UUX<I'$Q<=/=_U-G]P/
M?_PXGT;?TZ+

M_

]8\L!#=/I;N=VH$_B]$Q






SQ@)U=.X`QI
9'9?'O\'@-AT
8$*9
9:H.XP&
+&:$7R%^:?@J]I/

MPI9IA2







M!XON

M5B*B^6R5WW_S!_;[?'-`[/?1AN&.?1
'+479$C$HE5L&G%HQ*41CT;\#F&#
M/AJC@N[BIZ-Z2



M`AH):22BD5B)B$V![0#=T13XAI'8%*3YGVI7B7\]IY&(12
VC3@TXM*(1R
^




M
2++8L8^JM

M4Y8$]Z`_!^?CRC1'L];WE@IK1)-[=%G:L-UA%1+R\[*:!+.%^P(QC6K-NJOQ



;IN:%G/GFM-6&UQTY)TE3'L;/YS6R#:G(-%8K;5*V=N]::
MOHCU*0RV6Y-M6%9QTD=9U9H^QCZ%P8COM;.BT;_C4&S&+QP'35[T&=4:G=6Q


`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#'%.@@%@0``!40```9


G:165ANXX3



:4
M37EV6HEJX?I^THFZHO-BSXG&V<62A1^%P:UI8S[9O.?SJ58_Y)O6'5&BKO`<
M*XY'=;[HW#CP<]-CUEE#Y_/JCK^D#7THE%%$MVQH!J@5H+YH&2&?#-K4JYZ

M_


=XN+:N*=2)MX
MY7-?@OE&9\S

MT.G)$D_R
MKM4@0IB6T*.NK]-6C0_':9UVHF$$)X1ZC2)44Y@:4DK:'.F.%@4W4G:6$Y8+


M+GAM;(Q576^;
!1]G[3_8/F]F(\`2112M:NZ3=JD:=K'LV

6
48V4[3_OM=

M::LZ7N!G;O#U]N.'S4'I!]-P;A$P=*;`C;7]FA##&BZI53/.WA3*2VIA5M=
M$]-K3LMAD6Q)'(89D51TV#.L]1P.556\3O%]I)WUI-HWE(+]9M&].:%3;(Y
M=)+JAWU_Q93L@6(G6F&?!U*


(X&C'C;T7CA(C

17-!B\HY9N-UH=$&P:T#0]=5LP
@P<1TPT(@B(CLJ@-E_9


2-B8A0@




MRYMX&'GCYA7/:WY=ZIKT1G4\@J6AD$.'==^XOD;J_IA:NR4A4DU7#;P8^+P
M488!@NE[
N-FZGCKV[[#P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`&L!`WA0#```D
$B##S.[LLLOJ





MT



MCDP\1D:#H38GP2?XR&N4#69ZBGE;&2##$]3@%$%6UK9X?JYL



M6FE5]7#M&`-6

MF:I$WQ3XQ_?MTQ(C8VE?T4[UO




)(3'5@`*Y(K<9T!!Z'N\G4=FVP/$B2-(P





7(JV7NPQVP--N56R_LA_)8NM3


N

_T

MR(


M!W

($
R4PNV3(SXHL@JQ*!D

M;^4/

M$

9?;T#&WT04J0.+E
?!IV#L=*E1%T'!&

MQCVD6MXV`@2

&



``/__`P!02P



ML3AZ_%S0:%\MRE*/C





MLPGQRH4$U
D)R1.^\T9JPJJL?AA


MTR:(G4N(


M7/5T]6NU:E57KRF1#=




M)T76SK-)


M#J$X;1+

7K1M`JSTE8-(B0-/['W8J7&;F?VHA+I&30([1I
.
A)
M2(N3!(T7]HT2Z83-7K1*
)_P!VUN]^M%(E9US44ELG+*..T2S#G(7TB+OQAO
M]DJDW]RLM.E!F@830B`]DQV]*-2=O2A%=D*K!A
.\A;QSWF#
`P:OK%1(IW0


2.E7#V6?UY
M@K-NH=WXQ&(#XR5MP_B:+`^/5__!@``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`9SFV

M[ROU/R#N3\`0\J4D1PMHVR.U4M7/:P).@A9PBIW-[K_O&`.QAY1#;I)`'L;O







'!A[DX]^@ULN#



]7OI#!*L?(PSURV?42QBI1S47

=0C;=$0040\1ACJU\^H


MM4C0_)0(YJ[G^P&J]G@TC&E%]CK-RG@U$]49#0MX






M*:M;L#C0BLJWSA09=;K^4C2
XT

Z%%*:';`12DZEIG;X]$I!`H


MCQ8Y9RMMXIY-/*`_/W=
WPU6T0TNEB;JGS$$F\WG)T,6#0PIVBQ6H+.&IS[
MRC3'4.M[I4*-RN1!N20(5CM4(:`]+UL_B#;6V2:GC6[2XTS5^Q[A6H%X`V



M)9BW`-


'V$/=X=S[<%5

M^UG'PL6Z5M@CAG3/87:B

$%``&``@````A`*DU

M_/?DY_^



PA=9
M4G/!#XT%X6P).E[STE[:$&F[3C-8`=INU.RP
9_(*B(+T]ZN6X-^9.PB!O\;
MXL0O?]19^E=6


G.QUD^&SFTR(15U_

:#D`%A4
18P64%DM
4#)KF(WJA'/H%!&.0)HVQ

OFE(HC!!D




MZ2HDLLD/.QWUM3K;=2*Y+[0^&#T85)FP2\]GDCU=9;HU*;E5B12%2[E9+4_O

M



MC

M?&P77G[]7I^4M[+MJN:\4HV9KBKEN6AVU?FP4O_Y%GU9J$K7Y^==?FK.Y4K]


M@]9=VC+?#4GU23-UW=7JO#JKE
%O/\/1[/=5409-\5J7YYZ2M.4I[^']NV-U




!ST[R0T'1'($C64'8TS
!?K;(K]_GKJ?^[

S.'URB:$[P`_*O4%;$&*))_'Y[OU:X_

MF
T-W;/F
/J=1)LEPI
EVC-SX1B.2U[[3B+\.M0+3Y9HV+.%X]CNXA=#NBP3

TUURLH$8/F'EOJ13

M4GN#%5&PF`V.

A#)0P#B0RD,I!-``UD&;6!9?)_:$-H
MB#:\J@T')F))0O`(GA+(0@#D0S$

M.(0&UAX

PJ`5PX-LNZI-(:
*B$D1$B$D!@A4)2A&131%`)!!%4NN\8$CV(
MP8O84,0%8T[D68@FVHY!/U`2(B0$Q0A*$I`C)IHA0.TS7`[63:+%VBEC7
MC6.+D``A(4(BA




28.L'4Z2^I

M
*SYD$4Y51[KLL\$8L0S(6H$QYUI4XE:OB,ECZ],IXT^%84B31W4R?)B_5S
M&QIM$6&8ZUJED&@P#QF,1@D&8Q])Z$&HY`KF-63BHP
<21Y1F/N-1'XTH*@U<6&FXYF$G!]\5'SA&*/D6`J)CO6D[7Q+
MOF1DQU+(A7YG%._&#LFB%G2'=U'.J4C1BV8&(V6L*C[HZ4\BHYFFI8E?3V2

*3E;%OFEZ_@<9
M8+P47_\$``#__P



M;@


M[]N4

/K[9DKK62YYV3KED\GU\RS55#`T-JIW8HE!



+.@(+PQ^Y^
M5+FO
KJXI&0OG;]32$6).#AO]._P

M+?=\N['F2*!70-*U'#LO2H'X]40@`\3N$)Q1Z&6(U4'Q'[9QLMRP!ZB8Z#$W
M`0/7`1

I5_6-H`F2$






;Z5YZ
M4DJ4R.ZK5AN^:3#NYV3
Q8&[/YS1*RF
MKIT$=*QX.AYS`NV8
BT6A82(_!I

.X)
H

IDBGFS`NCOI.2D16^NT^AM0R9XKL*1[%GP?


3



-IZ(A_(J&
M'VL'0VM&#;^R0_;`II

X)L@
$%H


DJ<`(JJ!E@[A&M49L!A/B$!(2$A$2$Q(0D*M&$@4%KP@QG
M/UKKL7.B9@`A'B$^(0$A(2$1(3$AB4JT0*&`T0+%#


K4R\BM-DXJ@;^0[B0A$6S<<E<1(GR*=6@4:+J;WB+:+*4HT


I'3?2NEYO<H\BD**`HIBBB**4HTI*]-

M







MXS@2A=\'F/]@^'UL2[)\0YQ!8MVQRP6O;O/CJTD0MM68F=[G\_19&46#QJ
7]?`_7Z(_

MC]MJ5+[E)VIY+L_';4U_GE_&U=LYW^Z;3L?#V)U
9N/CMC@-98;5^3
YRN?G
2<'[8UG7_U6KQ5.MMQ]YETQ^WYZ_O;'[OR^$8IGHI#4?]H
*8E^/EF#+=

D


JK
M.BI$RN%@]U[5Y?%_




SDHD

MI!4#2`@D`A(#28D0#*3,$UH7P)-Q.9ZX\(1:6CMT6%:`7#ER#ODDIM2*L2



MW[/)FXM8UH=


F='Y#J+

*$(6((D0QH@11BBACB(]9%/3FF
7-E+J'N/&!


X6


M($H190SQ

M068+B9@M``4NH!!1AA&E!*$64
L3&+%[ELS+]NBR85WST5LFQA/R#JHEI;
M(`H118AB1`FB%%'&$)?HMI+3PY)3(=
6B`)$(:((48PH090BRACB8^XK.7]M

BA#%B!)$*:*
(2Z1*`4_OUMXLG(T=PN%
MFV@O@PP*D04(8H1)8A21!E#?,Q]):?KBV=4-UY#Z,LWN]12R'*%_9ROB](6
M!%B)$
^$A=Y&CNT+*BE^5P`6I;4TCP8L%N\1VG



MQO[G:_HIM*VFS:I#=F$5W=C?:&-_WO[ZR_J5U4_-F=+6`H:JV=CGMKU&CM/D

X0U?=PL..QR&G

HR^G



MS(.9OW3G!$EN.


4`NFVN&2XM$P-87C*=I*.%[%832



M#QF-U9`Y

MHR';!I(82HCBAH\[DB;[NT)@L9JR!R1LVT@L8$D!I+*B!+?2HT/LST/L6/_
M:+J12(V=(UJZ5UJZ!Z,AW0:2&$@J(XH
M:IC8S*1I\?-I)[PMPL;8)W`G(#7QH:LE?K3J'6
32DPH52!5%;8W2=7MR4YX
M
3LR/.9PHQ3D32;2U*28$F.[##U]8G.KQ9#0&#]+


VG
M31W8!^_7P;NFHH-#8WFT+.^)
M\)'+PR&O^YX6.@0-*+RE0SA.U`

72V/E[!EOA6-;M<#S*^L=F0185N!S59_

/34R`\+X)\D@AQ.IM/X)O0#'071/`M-H$O(_BJ
M`=P9-,/UW34[T3^S^E14C76A1RBDV_7UFE\`\A^M:'Z/K(6;NZX/GN&BEL(]
MCXOS_LA8V__``8:KW^W_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`8PE&A:,```!


2YX;6R45=MNG#`0?:_4?T!^
M#P;VP@8M&VT:I:W42E75R[/7&+


ZRO
?]N?=#F
MSM9N``86IN3VKDNH]3R6BAF0]V)%KZ4VBCF8&LJ:CLC6-$?4@U-HFA)%9
M
M\0R9.8=#EZ7DXD;SO1*M\R1&-

W;Z[X%IU0+&3C72/
M/2D)%
\^5ZTV;-=`W`_QG/$G[G[S@EY);K35I0N!CGI'7\9\22\I
&W6A80(
M





MIR\-)_91/Z#L/+H
P

VC\#/

$%``&``@````A


M;N
X$H;O%]AW
'P_L77P$4D&;9V%76`QF-F]=CM*8K1M!;:[T_WV6Q19(JM*





MM3U4H#:



K]
MO1SIV&I-5Z?UX_WQ_I]`/

M!+*TVL4^17:*#=*&^S5H$C%A


H-



ML%YE_JS?/E(&4FJ4IG%#M4$$5=N5


MLB70(!:3;)F+K!5V.#8H5*W!


A%V2]
?^6&K:@:N?F8)U`L42)1*E$F42Y1(5%)$(U`


R[
89.#NU&J$=TB

*IL4!$:V1)5XFM_ZA&*JU*
MQUUI+TBJS-FR:!)Z0F;@!%DU4U!-XO1&(:54Z


\3;%6J$YLD!



J@






M5%+TXR8#;0/0=2Y=%XBTZ]!?\+]AE
0U3F5JM\@4F-.LR9$T%0KTI2?':T5
M]B0V$(.48+(C/=LQC;

BX&%;HH&

1E)%%LD+L2(K)S.
6SM*'
MR`UW0C'5R%]E5A0GL`#E:9?OR$TYFS&*@^`:!BQG#'@LY1VRRUFE?$#
8

$I?W],0$;8\(@-R8DBB5*)$HE
A?EQC?_X0L:(8=&+KX2=H4=$2+)4HD2B7*),HE
M*B12W_^HUNM&:(7T]SSZ(XE]=7RIHFJW.PTV]5?UK0X<<1[O6ZP_)%J%ZDNB
MYDI)//'Q&R/^Q`^6ZDX:9H1X$L*3)A/F3X+94BW_'66.3QIEB119@%/FFV9
M/PG'T+8FKV1/X




&GHS:0O#QVMOZI?KW^OBR/9P&N^H9)LRX


BDCQAK



XNGC22)!`B.T(#YQ




MAI!




=W--8HS&AC-[D@[TFJUEV=BXQB-;2P@DYF_WVJJ#5T%(9`'




M!JGR4]8`__I87.M;M/-N3KAS5GU[N:YWY?D*(9Z*4]'\;(
ZJ_/N_LOSI:RR



?Q)-^&
FP5L'%MZ)(J2@GYP@)FC3N98BE-+CRA&(

M(L9'`?TP9-Q3^[H7JJB[G=`**:UYTNF;*+TH[
)CZ2'$L%-A$/0UWP)2!(Q+



M00@W?K-[F67




M`?BAC'MYJ7;


MMV=]`M:?`9D$*]CM]1


M6YB&GH)0?HL
18T8BO6CHN&'()-?*5VV14Q-%%.EGO4M@5);99JQ$SX3P.)
M`4%]=?I:#6TPT!O8A#YB@SQ!-@R:Y;T





-0FQ:6U34*(8267U`2JX36\R966
MU

A\ISP?B=8CO):^M)-*^HA?Q-*1IS

*V
MRFT`=
G+0A\R%X#`Y.WW?=N;1AG/Z:ZRW]7^Q=%::'=,W#D
MC79ZQTW#H*-$$\<TQ,59``7)$4;C2@(O0EQ3$(B\R6*9[,@]DBG$0`1UMN
M[+UPE!BQG;%*_O:@UA'Q7&UJ=]32]4JK/8)^`]HTU$U/E`#QY5P@8?=.'*
M81Y!QD`!G]?1;+$BSV:=9A;CX'K&Z9'$!#ME4%MO+(#.V57%9?*K0\<R\27
M929#&5?TZ5^+?C#J#D%YCTW
KGM^GX''3(\P\QXQ

MD`:CXZ4=N)7NB]Q%8-+?FCE;7G8Y?X^4`P^ENH@?UN
Q60QYV_Z%RP#P_YY5



CS[N'F2.=_




LODTQ
MUXT8'K'-$2'O0K.=!$H+8&1P$K@)/`5N!9!FTHU7^%-J&9H$WNU74&1:RI
M$)'YJ=!$H+8&1P$K@)/`58$+0U/T50H1F:.UA23+G/;].
30?ATQ:\I#M
M$#*H`T0!T4`
$`O$`?$U82+1*O4K1`K-T&2DPPPX%2*0;-3*@TA@TI`%!`-
MQ`Q0!P07Q.F$BW#3*7V-2PO*R&Z%R-WXCJ2&:W3E3P+D2%#4*[6`5%`-!`#





0
ME2MVI6)&I%&9!!91`Z19XC+$,S0!FB=V(R)#M5N9YP[R.


P135


M5G(77:**#.@M
4HC
H@L(H?(






[00943PU$'2*%2

37DCKM$E:%/+K&:&ABE$1E$%I%#Y!GB
DB7^
:]U0SM8T)B



E('=%YT/50LF&;:F7&A8K

L0;&T]





BQ;ON9-9KUOB5N;A'BB3*1E*%&Y
M[QTBA4@C
H@L(H?(


Z;$E6R(K95Z:@P2B


MC%*(-*#R)RB#Q#O
(*!:]7*W3:<BVC-60R@%O<IJ@J43I$I%&9!!91`Z19XCW

3

HORGM3):H



J&J-UM$'2*%2,RBPBA\@SQ/L\





YZ;M!Z)L3G

8J7

M_3?@H&1&)?W#X%`RIY+^J719LJ8ZM$-KG-N:ZMFI55/24?WRI94DG_570X

MIQLE2ZI#CWVT2J@./1S1*B&MZ:&`5@EI31^=MTI(:_HTN5&R(JWI4]1&R8+J


MF-)K05HEU%-Z!4:KA'H:OQLD5XH9]31^2T263*D.?0FCT=J4ZM!+]EHEI`Y]


MN0IOL




M&`-6

FU.XVA&B6R%*51;
4;99]_7YH^3!
MC9Z)J\WABU7%-]5**#:T1NP


PC1@`'Z)5C@94!#^F-
$A%7AZYRFRVBQ
MFJ4QP

MZ^4Y*2

)D^AIV_+X2;`C4(DZ7S@#PX9C[+`?$





2`@]UO\'D=@\QL-)
)X.AB'(T98;
MNQ'.$B.V
U;)/UX4GJR\270R&0+]Z7X8C*+Q]/X&%^*)Z@#7U-+%7*L#@J:!
M9YJ*NA8

QM
YV4-.V4FSO-:$
ZT8CAI)BP0R=#N)
M$T.E+Q\\O&]\/9S7CXTD[9BU:=HL8')[6Q.'&
(_#TIHTXYEEYSR?8P[
#U



M=:2Y`=.SHAE_H3H3I4$%3\%R$$RAI-K/7[^PJJIGV%99F)OU90Z?20XO_B``




`
64Z14'`$`?[T\H](`(\FK_#QGV_JP]*-H
(WCT7@Z


T&:

MQ]CWQJ1O_


M
3*9Z+S
!F$W2:/TUIEH3/VJT$Q:@S!#&DDKHBG=I]^X9K=7`CG16+A126QR
MKQ^

E9]Q[C0F



MB
:P#JK3-8)U4`F.D1`/2[A

CKIC4RPLC(&2W&B'PYLN:
M










MA

MTD^I?%0R[R_)G]QW-'7\\2&X&;^[_H/2_8YM/J'-T+58BH7*;26[\L':!Z$/

0

I9;(5

6RMJ-
MA2:!N0


)1#
MXP-9`EDQN:%;E[6^FKM9M396(AXBBA#%B!)$*:(
48ZH0%0BJA#5B!I$+2.J

M$56(:D0-HI917R#5=A

[J='RXRF'K3=X9G

MBMKVGC%4][9&2H:3=0D?JBS[SV+E7AE@;4R$QO*T9C_4V4FJC7C*:ZYR:#
M@3?B0I'IOH_KPAT)





M7NYZRXRE^J;.SUV-G-QE+9UAH[FG$HJ*28%(D$F!F)$EG#`ZI.[`2ZY49(QR

MU


CF0

D;6?).+



MK&8Z0N/!Z


M-**Z6Z^U]69D=?P2T0K1&E&(*$(4(TH0I8@R1#FB`E&)J$)4(VH0M0YR8Z'J

:($48HH0Y0C*A5BI$

9*(ALBBA#%B!)$*:(

HZ=4EW

FU1


[PK/%8F4VUHE(2R'/N^:4C[]:

MO78DR




M%BN3%\E)\JDX&OD
Y7.Q


J$)6(*D0UH@91ZR`W



CJXPBD8O1+$*4HE8%4CGX%HA*E

Z$.D&T:':PZ\A7PK
M
E@A&/^2&E&GXLT+NM3CS@MS[UNUI3C:\X)V')NI?LU6$[K5'D8.?LW#5E:F

MLI6%5HPF=!\W<8:?<;'5='#DL5`1-ZD43*I%#
:FR5@PFBF?T^`CX7R\2GM

*$46(8D0)HA11ABA'

MBA#%B!)$*:(
48ZH0%0BJA#5B!I$ZH6WW(74$SH\^@6V^BV:3YN7KYOEYO%Q


?TNMWN[@E'2(U2


M--_06P7HE^7%U^VV[W\@TY]?7A+^H?_@```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A



AUZ1YJ6+#

MY18_+/HBSRI6LV
S`CH/`[4U+[R%!TR;U2$'!3SM3D6/:W=+E@F9N]YF)1+T




MD@.NDH-`
NX


^G$64AL(8F*:.)@CZOBAAM=NW6XL=#0/GN'R!SH
M.U63J:%J+]T6W=J



'Y*M&$CR.V)PI&IB


;/O?Y
M8O35RG2._.O-4!]+!YTV-$7@$0!^7A:T.M$]O5QJ)V-/_/

M$@X?Q-PT[D#_6?+N`OO3NA/`';';C3MPDK$=XMKQ$XX!IAT\?-!^LH0O%_O)

O

YX;6RLG-MRVS@2AN^W:M_!Y?N1)5+G2C)EZ\#2/%0L[O7BBW'
MJMB62U*2F;??!M%-@/@E19[
7(R=CXV?!!H--%JT/OS^Y\OSU??U;K_9OGZ\
M[K3:UU?KU_OMP^;UR\?K__PQ_VUX?;4_K%X?5L_;U_7'Z[_6^^O?/_W[7Q]^

_=EYO]



;4OKTX6%#/5##?K5;/WZ\
MONV



_?+W

M=TA818!/8Z_G:QT3IT*8D&IWJ9C]?4GIKO*8Z_?^IZ[0\WWRGV[MGF#FTZ


M&9`YD`!(0$@-9`$F`I$60#(@.9`2&F3AM-HA_PGG*9D:+&DVUA+G;.0
MW6DC_YS7:I/::T!F0.9``B`AD`A(#&0!)`&2`EDR8#D0`H@I4T:7J-E[HC7

-1C8+O0'HV;H

^






D9Y




]DKV./QPX

];*E;<MV%O2!^&-I/)=M8?<OP?KE8F;X5C$[UK93KI_K6
MW`]4

T1!8A1!&B&-$
M48(H1;1$E'*$16(R@9J^E&51\[Y\;(%GXLL=LAK9):M=4RE*\-F3+Y28'1



1$M5.0FK5
MM3=-&36BFK5^$M7:BCHERT&`\B'*1XS.+QJQ-#3RY1/Q
J$77J1_%(:&OD
MY7.Q

O*Y(-?71?
M2L


P#

V
F3*

I')L5R`J
M&U*-Y=%_7XVI



MC2

MX






MV]#+(J1V[`J]^S%6+WM@&WJ5@^YS[

/RW(DL%I8ATG(MFL:G8VH(!!/J\2;`=G<1=
MD&5(^K!_%74(-Y*\(
O:A




M#-SU;
W=6YA+_RCN3E5W'ZL3-()Z&G2G[VDE'TH
!*[O8+UP[B+BNXCM&$+1
M.?L_.M%H;4+7]1I\SU-C'4J
W[S''%UB=_-H'BNXCM&$*1B+/
X.T\WB@(




[7=



M'0M2'TA$\IP;*3OA#.[!VZ!?[;\/7IJY7%N/\;L!)RUM/7*748.W^ALPSE?)


`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(07#\XKP(``&T'```9````

R+GAM;)2576_:
!2&[R?M/UB^;[X_`!&J

0BR2.;%/:?[_C&`()K*(W$./'K]_S'N/


MG=R@XEI'78&/1)/%7(H]@D


O

MIY:9G$QNI[\6A^=3X?QJD?]LX'
.QL?-<L<

C=R_*!?_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`


RYX

M@D
+#2^$)



0ORY$H_=L
G\<5U+Q58EY/T249;NN=N;-_252)74
M








$
<-3FO/)6'EC:;8X%,,P


M2#%I2UCQI16X2BM!.)DOI@%#(P\4`ZD(5ZG(PLER/I^%R\5CS9G4A*MRG$W8
M;
K=?O!$L

BFSMV48E3@H
M2P'-!N90&PB09XP*BC!1G_`;30M)2#NT5T//T#0Y*0JE$)A;0*(!A`
4






M'YB4TG
A(%A


`N*



#G@\Z?
J.$


;894U%A&-A3;4$(@2@DGX_C(BSE*

J_/^2&_7ALGJU[Q7!P&

.J`QJ@`+OO*8\







N7\Z;
M^L
`AX




FDV_

*,-E3XS
M5,:0+%A&?9


L%6D_8Q

3


Y
_49

1SWP*=+C
MB*@S7BKB/59%F@.)R.G4&D7]3B\
H1XOYP





^3]


7K'_0S\U5A[
M?
B?S]W?Y)K@\GCJ8+H#R(@F%NV_;W!;@*)`
W(#RE20
[P`_+6JDEH#%
E?

LS!@M8BTB



32Z%T

M#`B'`J)IH'IH*X

ALZ(%3)^B!2NU([HK

M)K(3+?9`ZJFDJ?Q=D&9#4D68R0??

MMYDTPH9W4QVE%:XM#_)[31&:AF.5-V8!KBMY=\9(R3TCI1^-E`U'4G2E=X/A

^.EG0;WS(D9&*YTYFG






MC^D!K@C1X9/)?\B/_


``/__`P!02P


7T1#:\AE]RJ2IFX%7MJ&X49YE=5)4T

L]%RA]DNJ]X;1R)XB4SD+\N1*./;%4ZAJYBZFG?W*2R
M:H!B*TIA7BTI\:IT^7572\6V)?A^:8L/7+;ES/Z2J1*:IF;=!1E^BYYYC&


?CQ:XP<-PS<(3&EMGK`]<I[C0

M@0)
JB

E$%\V!$D@=H/@



;;







QSXCEJ2WD5!\!A//6W+[<?WS_O?E[0)*53O/]^&Z;\Z:DRR,I*C.,
MK;\:6C2F0I9U2//ADKI.HV9/\^'WC]/KT?NKWVD,WZ68#<:(BY'A`$;TO82


M4XD68J92^XJ5EY40?1`C=V(3R8+6RK^6IQN
MB_4]K+4S6GQ.7&M#&BY*)'
^9A9BV@Q!@RA`%!`-Q`Q0!P07Q,FEU?091@
M94X4):2!:;/D$FQBT-%I
X0

$`O$`?$U87VGN7YWT,T[WLD8G:L^-#HAJA[T`4
M$`W$`+%`'!!?$];W8


MAK@

GK+S\


8=7SZ##%%


MK]T

T
M(H/((G*(/$-






M4PDM8@?'D^NEG-DZUUH

'*-IL




M!:@]7T+\YF@EO%=7HHI$

S8=IO'F@/0I

M)*:6D*J;#E&Y@STBA4@C
H@L(H?(
\1E:-TEG/4A[11O%!(2




X7YL2





M#!4S4ABE$1E$%I%#Y!EB

T

MB#Q#7*+@+M]^99Y'

77#2X
MX;

(HO((?(









34DCLO):I(%'-1Q8P41FE$!I%%Y!!Y



M=*^OR#8U-STS3+YR.H9'40](H5((S*(+*'R#/$^WR:`5VB`4U(G'JY)5B
MLE@](H5((S*(+*'R#/$99`&])53CRYS&1&[!@#J
4HATH@
(HO((?(
\3X'

Q(891&9!!91`Z19XA)M)(F\DS7

8:X0M*<GKOX#*ZU6GPF\I9_%:..+SY#3!$,DJ9<I1&9!!91`Z19X@+
M=IJ-7:&-38@O/E*JKD3E#O:(%*-R"RB!PBSQ70=K8?V/Q08M+OW5TV!HB
M;U-V12;REK]$%8F&BADIC-*(#*+R$*/\N4FDI'C!+%GUF*/XOSN'W^NNVV


MY/!U=B94$GK..O%ZF;=;!MM(MZ$_;E6?ZAMM&75*J&VT4Y-JX3:1OL9K1)J
M&]WBMTKH_-!=;ZN$S@_=+9*Z/S0[5*K9$$EAR^:W76B\G-FCX4:=2ADOY

/0<_ZM
M$CI.

MS;:M)[2.TKL-&G6H)+S?K%5ZM`KOUHEI`Z][*I50FV+WWV4:\AT1UHMII*

%HJX3.3WSUAVCU9DSGIYEM

MDO68S@*]E;:1C4KVXM;)706XOLW1+;-F,Y

M!?0S(*T2:D$SVWI$JV6SI_0+%E2GV=

M(SK;]'[Y1IVP)+8XI6J-SS4-J.9XH@
T\]/`:(X+&A:M//2JM)OP(C1L*;WF

'7-



NH*






GPW?'ZNF(6=I<&'W#TN0JY
Y-6W+@B;,
M5+/Y6+N_$QKA#5WCH.W.&I]9*B

MI4@`IUM
IE:$
M(PV@H9P;7)5[[!0.-*IV#-*




N6OM*@7WK6O3SC'EY%
M@
[PH`VOGA`TM.
1W`-'C'O^A0P@7F:M?@```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A


M;NLZ#GT?8/XAR/MIXEMN:'O0^!+;F`$&@S
SSVGJML%.XB).]^7OA[)$2R33







`RL.Y!PH.%`Z`!$B
M^!HA%`T4$=)_&!&9[XT-K!2NTR:4).X,^G4$4@JD$P@*X'D`BD$4KH($0FJ
MVU=DBZ*!Q0AA.@'

(]ZD6Z8KSIQW3O;1
M.:B,T+FTF4F6L#C(UKHVGNC-J73ZW;S;5GKK?6,1@'46%UY%0F52..1!Q(


M*B14$HC.&784
I;W;S@&O5<1[K]A3@8<^D9R*T\?LCZ^MA:H6-B(!_J

%1O$G#9*)7)]-`CZ0%3S
MS!](`




M=



C=7EB`5:78Q8DHA$8K6)2HF=_.RW

:S:64*A5$*9A%82RB542*@D$-7B_)$!?\CI??/OGSTSL%UN
M::PNGAFL#6J82B54:AE81R142*@E$!8.]ER3/Y?T2B@=??`9R&F6!)`:Y

M7JM%K`3%ZJ=6)973'1@H@L=O=S!^K$G1*M2=UMB?SD3'8&Q@F6`ZK&2\')DN





^_

MC?CAVUBYVZN!X`R7*F!X)H'H0RM[&Q6DBM'*^M82*X2K60]WCWSE=9K]OO
MEH5EA.[S63WC.X%Q=/(F




MX'

%O``E\7RR

M_7ZV_N-DWG%ZK$_P7C7L.?!N+KQ'7\%K

M_P


M8GC

MR3S/=C8K4:!_
+I1[7^+7LCMMPZ7WW&#H-K@$W?@2



MM








MW]8/]@%!



I'ZS?B


S^B/OSKBA5H5.H
45


M965T
C

MY^/^^[M+6^B'X]'DO!P.R]W5=G5U=]/Y]X_R;+RANBEPM3=D6T:J,KQOJB.
M_.?'_&WJ6DT;5;MLS.NT

M/Z$R:T;X@BKXY8#K
FOAM3Y:S:5&V;YK5)XMU[9]J\R*RJ0


M%:ZSYS/



MP$X`+)EUP:\]Q7:$!JB#9_5B@.#6(I4:Q[!FT0JL%&!6`6V*IH0*H.P&0
MA!A_C1$!I*!8!+'G\@66+$87PCRY9!U']*KHR$;#8DU9*LAB8:D&K(3$4DD

0R!)19!CW
M6@4B@1^EZA=VU$VX:;_G<\AIHBHCDJ:](U(]@=2Q;-I_SLGW8FDDC#!)\+\




\B77SE3M
]W*<G+7.ALN`)



M-CH4Z]!6AQ(=2G5H)T&R7J0.OJ77?9ZDU;3D20H%8
W!6C/E


]
$Y6$@[+NH*:


M%XA=.:#\$GDA?!E!OE'PQ`OANT;'(S^$;P4=3_P0RGT=AYO+IVO]KLB-YI7X

MO?.D+RW[UGC&+=Q5@M9P1P9WTPCJ5;A*-(T#QBU_(1WTM]W+7P```/__`P!0
M2P
IFE%)+09J.SD0'B[!:3;UNP24
2;?OOS;JN3O3D
;QOGCS?
MEVK1ZR;Y!.=5:VI$LAPE8$0KE=G5Z'F]3&]0X@

\)AG!W]T`3OL_+XS)65.K
-@X
MTZ1[SI;B&
[MWJNYV'5=UI6C1O0G^'7U\#2.FBISV)4`Q`[[:;@/J[C*K0)Y


Y9@X#`XHGZ:_O8A+'Q&M=+F\@[;?[Z=O5PCI?'S?Y
#):=LY\N5'I()+%O?J5&)_Q$W)
M[K`0NR\#SW2NFF`5REHCJEQ='
JRX]:)TM%\*10!Y2=HH2$E@A5=067ECLRS
M.'N9O+)HRCQ+I5:IN)&Y+!(EXB
QWV


4HGGL]F)%JVEC&[]=F$


MN*DW\I3HJ
%\3WP$`HF!)IAR\HXZGE,0GMNBW.0M;EB@PHE/Z5B$).)+


M[Y@'^4(A\?PF!I%;8[IHJ^&$E:G`ND[U]N::B[)K/6\QITM

7YX-+X8P


@(``*0D```3

M``@````A`+55




&UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@`

M='


M

MCKGA@P(``.





M`BT`%``&``@````A`
F7]9*Y!0``HQX``!D`````````````````!T0``'AL




```4.```9````````````````
M`*I

O

2YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`!*O2XF@#``#_@``&0``````



M`!
`````````````````#5P``'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE


M965T












S0N







M:&5E='



M+W-H965T-2YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`F;XQ[$&``#D'0``&```````


M`````````````````



``!D`````````














BYX;6Q0




 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermLoansPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'

K4[6GT+`JMY24%T3K


ME=ZMU\_;

MIMY6I#.O@8Z

MIZ[4[79K3NFJ*D&\BO2E4NV/VYNQ.H%34$4&L8A!FA!.VC?K(^(V9E]JX6
M;HUE`\
T#'O*KZ]9N&8M9K!&*U5I+8B1NFKW?J-@`PW.
%09)$.)Z]8`5K&I




&L84H

H6HQ5Q]P



\]5Z




IKMMJ_XVX$@GBK3CY@
)YDYT6.O8WMY[^@:CV:(]R;`Z2S/<M#$X]F[/`Q,EYO(#NX/`6J!-D

:

MX$C9J7QI?P-?:3$;9%\;:K:1Z(S-=XK-&[]'$-[1DXB`\)='^W:HX)@.-8@N

@
M0MMB*PGD1L]#5./AEL]V,HA]1W:I`%:2(@*6-I`2F!ME!;!/0V0@]Z@.=2N









MG6V2ND^W`'-

L+


$M]77K&8)F7*]&306()KT3/&/[R?.UY
<T'QT]Y2_1)[)SB5*F<@S8YC




M3SANSL+LN;@CZ!/




MG7?B?&!I?[[6(`HP*&SS9?#+P)C^`C;WS/

(=GX9!,:K]TD9&6AJ3_.!
MSQ79_K1=/OJ%TO=4.GC+M]+]]`NE[[/)9&M3EV_/\=#&!F)#%UH^1&_.(8?



Q-@.8[?1:T
MLWJ3\SR8&^:&#JV
]^_H^@P-`Q*`[VP+`Q7:%CO\3&YTU:L_1'2\#F_0'&K7
M!F7ME6F[1PBTR.7B%OQEXKX.B'O`C5:`N@Y5RP;Z
O1[KQG;SP1^MRD=@SG]
MLW(#&\^S;8^AV6/XLCX&Z^&7@KVCL#@


?T



8V^%&*B5JI.HF%JG:3W?FG&-MG.=9SB(L2=5Z.WZ?


M*U\


I!
3&\)


%)6[]70G(+LDZ_RG3V%&%@F/K#KK?;LX14T





25FB(@*]#\AP`/WJV!
O5?=`8-+0%A?03T

M6AA/@4[?6GF`

M89;CO







@7X
MFU

(V/*MEA_'^77EX=9)#




M^(\0T&)@X5AH=[I=_Y?.G02E3GH



M.?%'ZL3]/C9OX?E@'HZ-SW+3F27M25+ZU

.9OB;I;&)I

M6Z/
;#(8#8X;$Y;=+/GF@70.?9JAVN97^O=HBIW^F+_L1Z'?I]I[@$?8`8+F

M%B2:^_S2)FPC!:'=/+
$


MS'UQ=56$+
OU:L:6_%BJZMMO/!&.))`4T08!-A;)[%]_SSF9V$A0(D6`!
CL



D]10*Z.9P.,Q4&LXN8,O%;0G)8:N;J;/QU.J^
M<I\SS\`JX!^`P]HN5=[9&<)V.OUT_.:3JRERV5MN(WU&E^P;)!DS+.X_P]V
+






K'E
MSZX4E%*/PP

M7/C6I-!--\O;8ME1;6L97+0#_W\C4_OYV145O?QM[PCZPT&G6]CZUVD`LH
S
M:?4&W2=YTCKKW

M#21JF^

M9AD;AR$
SDVZ%TR59)^C)V


M8

MM]\:K@!O9BE%K7?K.-'&*FQ8N=S

.W_6[F2HI:[[?W

G.]]6*#5:PU:_C)WC,&!NX7_0Y'I@-N+(%^Y9KKGH,]G%3<&Z73(3597

M3GSGVM
7$M=)-^;8AWP*K&T'3.'*:3C`'9P:H/6`*/M7[C`I=+X(A@N8N%

/&__[<=_&I:#YH?S&W^V\D8!GJGC3`'O-F8
M!6\=UX/-:'_[OW_3M?_[M\:<E]S^*

M'@`;.?5G#'$0G\
%_:H]NIZ9?$N//DZL@--W/'GN])&/OELP%8[L!Y[[G9\^
M6F8P$2^=_/=]\.OUS=VEUM+^FTUGO_[7H-5L_JK=_OGY\_G7?VHW'[7;JS^N
Y8^T2UCQEH,43E,+H$04O:^[

M(@8$7[53]ZOXV00!:KM^Z!'*&&0(W./



0'?WWQMA-E*V1?_%9KW

F4J2O^2&
NGISCQ/NT#K%
M3YGQ`%


^PA``+.`T

.?==+^\L5*KCITS&;
),Z`U
MP9*0*3
5X$G!:M89#L$J03?O),I/`)!LQZFB=VH0!([6!'R#WUT#IGVOM
M)JS=1Q8YYPS8A6/F$_5S%*!TF$6=#^UE8L3T1\IEI)2_7
#%\#+P#Y[`2XIG


U:*:L71X^##^#F\#0Q/F

^#=S9.ZT-X(N^&+E!
MX$[E=T4[%A+&'4':2^A-FZ$;=8Y(E:.1.8?`%LJ_(%'+;C'[EGFF#W.8




).C.P%1Q/7DX_!#`E[ABT*6@GLG5(N]0.C&B4X0AHK6

M!.`*
)*IQ2TB7+2:@`X1I7AI)#O[6C3;F4D6-`#CV*(T?T-F73AH_1,+'
MQWS?Q83/ROC1R/&L(6U)E2++58G08`9$:4=$.X37T@W@G9UH4LBT0!87+




MGJ93EBGZ2T-EF6YJEP&YRQ/^/@ZDASA:'++N$0=1%4FG&!QN&/@@QX$#`4:$


MQ8M]V;80UP!6Z1%`?
KBC]BLT*VBE_U8]?
7H)S=
7GKY88-$7\9:37)SO&_




M



M:E.QO






.40DQ%BY1O
Y1$R_VA6(=.EXWCF6DYL20MY

2W


^&LPU&A1RCWB)2X@I_OH



M4&


M)ON?2TBRDR\MA#=^A@*!OJKC0'=:2UNV$-_2&UVW&GJC6[O9?A5RC&_6%C$
M!MV^4+][;*C?K#?JM[MZ?P/)5_XQERX,UQ+53TC(,?VO*A+R(X9W3+@IW,4O
M8V&;*^;0J14N5F\;EKJ]C87D_O?8-G\I]5NZ(-!MRC96Q8J%R.0*T-HF[+O

J%2&T([*%;\
1I6`I
W@GHK=::GJK
MW]2'G:8R42MOHI8LJ*J&ECV]T^\K\[&NYN/75#!G.GY$&9*5UF^5(;F$R:?*
MA%0FI#(AJT5BAV8\+BZ\4VN+\N[EYN1:@*BBC;DYE7964BFFF!1QT/N_Q-J!
M/E$[


G?IR)IK#ZIJ-

,B%6@98/`+60L%D4;%-E*`&;AA.P^4J:LKTS75*!UV
MBOW89#8VCIBJ;YVDH6


MC\C-%PG%\9*Q.HKK116L:?\T












M'$@%)%;9




MJ`C&(]*A=5#;GF@`&3K*


N%%EX=D^62I
M
@N0`-4$5L*VJ!'/$]Q3F.GG/$FM^5`[C$M3OV0W77V;^V%T=VBY8Y=#0!
M'HV


M0UOPFNB2F#HS):F.G?LNZKA$5I)@)-F.8\H408QPYF:HSE;4#R/3&B/+2%



A7XE+J/B'E3U%8





6
MQ5XPYT&ZGG,7;$51:^$L6K7[R*G$3+QX#`6+//M^RHR1<B0U;LI=GX`-1`Q*
MDOCV0NY.6MHR])<L2H[1[_2ZKVK`BKUY&PR_A?S[-YI[5Z1T;\BNQ#QM:F=
M:O\G=.
81%^D`!&YB?`L&6*`\94H^@6%KY+W7$K:*\%[19`^TI0LRM#X8!+
M_WL!_N0\-B-.%)U37)/1M&9P.0-



M=#*!O6SDAD$4O!-_*_D\3836D85U*U$E$#Z6D$I&1M')RA:H)Z(7'0JQD&3H

MF$@T)^20#MZ+R@7'
MRSGR9%OHYXI\V1''E]=U/@8K&K*`L*!
D@MB53)Z/0JA2YD8L3V8MD22.!\O


11#/J./(C




M?#_19N$(OJ60






W0+J)Y/5
MG40P$FV.CIJ#)9525)DEF:CTEF?
R96RB#PE26:;*$=%Z?L&UEWB9N0P(=(0



MB4#PZYN[2ZV=
=DN;CY_OKK[?'E]=ZO#A^N[J^L_+J\OKBYOM?/K#]JGRS_.

00XL\%`&&F#5AW9
AGU1!0QXO+GHC
M

KEAAR;:]/Y*LG;_1LGMB?UU<WN`]&L-`1AF0

P/`?;!(!B$1%@W;ZX!!2#1+X-5&ME




/R*K
V+(BV5JKYH=`3_Y?@Q/


]9P/7
;&3@]+S3*(*;HS(4.#


?S/^


E242./OS\JMO0F\VN[!;0TY&AYZ3D
'0C%D26
M:LJNLA8:T2GCQLC<*
OEOE%M.G$OO`%]Z%?
N2

_)P0&Y_9OEH?O4FN5T\A4_
MPKP/]





F%;*JLIWIU;
M


EWR^B

7F2RO5B=6Y1PH`YVN`7S9)-I^/&



1!XV.]&&;I)*AI\R/:'

K!E44XGW-\#9
MWR;3+26KE-F4J$3)CMVB=P]*JQI@%)B81%3+!^-+$^VLF$DNO$O^43$\J(F

^1X5M4




DB\1`F8

N-ZGOLHJYZ+GCRPBG'HF##_GW%.);)=

FRGU)AB(:@F(:)^E_25D%H54-$G:416543`D]
M9W;HR[.7)?R6VIYE%[7@!6.E'Y).;EPQ2O(56B'';W?Z48=40+F242-D!D


(X;=`R!//,N\I21S--3)T':KT@*9;Z`%?
M3]=YD2K9I?C]2_1[NM[P.*$5R?!`DD6,*L69D.3EXH!$;8N'.#EZY&5A=MG;
M4915Q_*^'+$:02?%<K28T3R

XXQ&Y$6(%UGO+FO_8YUX3ETGJCR$:1#3H)


MP/WR2M)4%/=K7L+H=.

/

M+L2.)/?OB)-+KQRM.1P.GBQWNEC?`J^O_U\L=24KW\15;V3-B.A!VYI:HJ!I

D]:C0@Y8EF+$N8@\F&.E


MIUY:7%SM0D0]XF[3Y3I5F;4\'C)EWKWEG`;N[)W6QJ1:^45DK[57)![G
II8



<!.ZL!N$F6PN$W


!7N*[MML]^:A]9LKVT)VBH`^:L0LJ`=:J5SMOPGU@


M;JH5M[\UEDHDW;?4&YF31V2:J5\')@2+YWZ5N9K)9C\3$TG_0Q7+L/TEO0
M6EOX+KZC/`S5D+ZU-@N:REROH[E^5#4@ZB]]]U91XE@MW_Y`[ZX4OO_#G)!Y





M9YC(@A2BS67@WO

MA0$
YD^B45(HUQWHO49#%RO`WSP^99:#JW[5'.I#0

@MMN`P#9)

JK2RT@N5X/4CG1$H$#K$:


Z;
M-K$X0H35N3

C5$'KZ8#A0D*1L*3


ER)WR._;C`RP

;

8&4\6'YDA5A$J%K`?G#2V7W+#^+PAK%K
M@RJ



M]KK?'NC=7FL/]_Z;^%?+!L.;E]EJ=;@2J1:^'5\4W.ON0&^W!GN(8Z@3@1UQ
MP)T.PU`QC


M

MZH`J?DJMKW*$U,IA`HUCBB%\$6L:V=7B!^65%*-!8%GC4*A7`9NCMY9&YG[
M0@F@])4:P.Z(@I6OET*4-8-YWMR%';W,;5J'_UJ79D=7_IN4V^T^OJ@N/OX


MI6?V1



E=8K
M&RP?:8Y;$J5=N[YMWX[_OXMP[^P^-Z%.YTQ9Z[YL5F.:`8+G=P$ST1L
00
M_A?+Z&$N*+V'C_C8)74*FZ


.-\1-UB(%05A





M?QXTDSHGGI%!
IU0





!BR:V%&IN^N;

M5NE=Z6]R%+!^MX$Z(/X#J@#8GC0




M]`SF3^B/5\.VWFFV5J^NW^SIO5X_M;9Q:






0B)4*CS!A(%V^(A8'6LRD;
3QAW0N4HRSK


B&NSI4#^//IR+6?CH&72#!H+WM






8H/
M,\%,/G4LH!9^A+%FD2JSE@J!C*]&3ZET_$LI$)
(_;1W\ZB^PJ\BH!W$DT'
M/\6IM;'G?/6&I[]I!(C5/SE66WVZ,.X,+L;PAMZ0\F%IPF7@C`)\^BFUT`



;-L/;Q\3A*L
@;B\OHBO)KBX3
M\F-LR$MGUE/1\F)'%.THU[KDOMAXO:NI

D@7#LS
)U.^`&P\('AWOUSQ_S(


2=1\`
87$7UJ




4M^@ITX)AL6`2.:N33R/

MT7HCD]TR#G^88BM\VB2Z07L8;Q)04%E;3[PSPWZM0RS2**)Z8Y4RG5A-_+


MF*'QPE8!AR?@*]5




JBJ9^&;BQ3M


MOOK:B'H/4O$RNCE+73:%



M!1Y%





M5;EC73N)KCC>I$Y'G8XZ'74ZAW(ZZP


MIIC8T5!FI0K/51[-^ZVS1JM.*%YYB&XD+\LTX*M5X6]KN(I(IMV:[S6I#KAS

+U(.[EAO54U9BL+PTWWK




C<'SK&YVS[MZ#UY2O6_FZ
MR\/P3J^OM_LJLVAKS/KY)X7FU47S9N^LO67\2660?&.#9Y



?%?9M*_16Z'W`Z*U\V\?I
MVUY(

Y8M_;)BF`5

F&CN6
/.VQ?N=




M5%7];M7IJ--1IZ-.9_NJ'K':=/!5/;Y(_\\ML[EJ%UV7:XR%;&S5
'I+#5]O






M]E[LP90.H`*G:45E+J%%6,O809C7,ZW2GWGHM56L.+6L/:I1[7+%\S0L\#





`-M6OW
M@4]'P`R;`UWRLQ$/'CEWLH


K!P0]=\A\V#/

MJOL6((DOMAL@L8P)#TA@P8%=SBR#P(H%NM



M)`PR]GF@L7N&QZN-0Y@HLQD?SIUDM8FG*RN'^[3^LT-16Q6[W!N[;.7R2\OW

MTJ1CTB9?@:+;:[7/&AW!*F[=
)AXEGG/!;OP8SW4%B#$$9*'%C;5U[O=IT`8








M[OOMD@SH&0/$V;&:@NF0P








M6CG]]N%^GU`H`+FJ7KN,'ON6]F013WF4QX'MF''\0&Z9'IBS9E-\53--KFY
M)_356B+8E'GWEH/!*^^T-@:5RB^B*'/ZKE)8F%6IHG/S$EX`M@NR;T11#!@




B



&*FJX0S.


O$1IA\+.*.

U?XF6C2%@&$H6+X6N
P08T6C0N$6$
MB[X1H$-$*8JQ@\EA(-
F;RB/M6
Q\]@C3Z90DV5



MD&G



L_$.PD91FD75*2PXGOA39
=$.89@H&%$J

MBC



YUC94A)M#M$]1U^RI



JZ



Q3K%A+D9?T
4EJZ24I63`?&)(KEX-R.8CD5\QZBHH14<(


9UP/&]_-J5UDZ%GN]][2$!UN]NZY\
%P[_<5RL6A7!QUD[<'X^(HZIJJ
M^O)6%9*NFJZNG`C[IHGNH#0%H(6B7(BJ$+2AT:URH6@7`@TP
4JYX&J*EUS

QX;9-\Y7CAX

`ZJJ@VJ!).IM<[RNMG1.]W!
MOIG
)II+Y6'Z9A-H;LX7U[J_.1X-[
KW0S1B^&E;DM/O08#W5;7!?SLWZW




V]+%^[3

MC_-L3;
=
YL]`W&'S&;MG5:4V33.&MW3QEFS50:GJ2Z&;`NV7S8!E]*
5L+Q


MYA(OK0#F

ME6\4=U`5
WOMR

Z'74ZZG34Z1S*Z:SO\1X46I2NALZZ\RF



64_







M-&2IBGX\@^

M=_GHK2YN5-]@Y=ZN'P


WLJ[K;S;^]?^%'HK]%;H7;AQHQH$JP;!
M!=:65IU&E=MG'92K2.
S1;*8!7!UII@]5BEF^^2]?J]X_1)5L*^]_@H9-L
E6]0&NH%:SL@_P

M\&6/NCT]5ZW50`!5%-B'BAMJ@IFTK
%WI^]X/BE8?H;MN-/V'%'UB-H^OW



M'UY2\JE6-1^*WF#EV6
UZT;NMDJ+(EA%L(I@JTFPA52-K%$!@OT2;$6K1AXS

6GUGZ\0RWT

@MRI:-K+<B`G%;7:EVC2K:AB4P&ZK3R<BRGW6GK!

M6_@C0/\K-]B







C
M.(H/W-BW:Z&5]L.LV%VU=E\Y!-H


M:#`&K$T+7`W&TL2`
P;G#.]8




MWP;P(&)^-(2
Q2J?KS=;W31N;K2Z

^$4L<YY[0;<_\+FR]]J9]^Y3;J?5]0B[O#?N7
M0-0'3?][TN*-.+E(POK7\F




5H=Z/+78%]MV!

9V%`UV3QFS5R9*P!J?7VO!HE

MH



MW'&HFHGE&-8

MLB)3F=I?1=9]A87=JT3



M#/RO''!6P8EF*$3Z&'I6NHILLGBXVHM$U4(=R_9390D4R?]6]Y$-@T]@$D



3&PA?
L^!QW8@*TZ;G4ZW/`UX]=8`GBF(1L_=.!^X9STP]$XF
M!I!_S8
O'@_8CWTY=9_&ORP(U]V+@``5&?O

*=3EV'



MF:^`

V_6!J6@S](Q$;\GU_@VY*&*7YA
IP1_X

_ZFC9W
M
_[D/L+R/S#+GO_EVL`%_L&M^PD


5\-=B
M-I.;

MT$&BXS^_:GX(Z\!)+
&B85`_'/T+-H&3&*!3



MT:90R=)5[

MO&B

MW69[*A@:S]PP-/)N&':@DJR`7*_;R)8WVROL-J;3_0&N66_`58'!K8!LO]GK

^-X7RB*T=+//*N6`S*V#V

X4N/*OEO_](Y@DZ7:(Y0+_
M.8=T)IYVW2578IN9@WIVF\U6\=N,3OXO%T0:D?<^S[,%\OLE1=F].R2*[+1

%AK=%+9C
M







M%O!\;_[1LKE7U$*NW?0Z%N;(+N`?W+;_UW$?G5O.?-?A)N5Q%8.GBPM9
5=V
M05_D6T9'VV7/=?N-*\Z;M[WS]4F;`_:PT9ZG:DE+);P^NK.F0U/L/FS%0EC
M0V5R%C^/EOIX9



M^V\VG?WZ7X-6L_FK=OE__KSZ\OGR^@X'?XLC1C.]!7#CWS__E`O[9GOV(P;[
MPN1+H*XT5`D:S5YCK5TK9%L7V2(FH3''Q)+/@D

M3M*(.UA$.G]87?.X/Q-57.WY6:UH8




MM(H9O?O?8.6YY.M^4^^TAZ6H`F411A[OK#R@WQ0@B2K#:3:5B_LGQ))UI_UO


JRF?'WR^+!ZY^$J




$L(4;TCZ[WP0U'P3BTX3<W=(*=G&FG-6QVGMC[UINH`(BV1)#VL-\;[`U$

M!


M?J^3L]3
2@I:Z[;HVFX
!MT7K;7(*)!G5




M^$Z=6LT/H0=
Y1T+^EHN]1V]]R?<`\^
M<V_F63YLR#'61=;NH-?K9NX(-P%9:<^

MF_/]9N#8P!SX=C

!)609?6SD;=IMX
54V(O








.`]VT+%-9@8OG:O0MO`CSL$$OV:ABLK+VW7=?4


!76M#QN!-')=3-#@JJ
M!U`]Y[^1HB-?.,:W;!
#:KL@QCBA#(%08&!KP&C
3
4E$DGT/B(1Y


MK1.-X/&$!!_$B'?




A$:7'33UW
D;'60M-T(4%D(^


M/*4.0Q*9R6M2*8QA4:D=IY]\G
!T\U.0_*A8AB/?


MU&3A
R--U/
!1PS`*=^*X8F_&





MEA











A=J[EQ/J/O%0/`OGHE)Q
^%-4$%0D4%``(5YZ^/%6
M
/0




C0

(RR%BT9%B#5W
MY&/]4H


S#HO



M):\`57J'-A\#2JU[&H#CQZ;_78B_OORTU''?8#'_3;#,7*YAV0TIV*=UH+



M.!J/32'P.+.\?M);@KR$6P%EBKZ#?8G(-T5G(0TPU'1:!-U9!DYU$@ZE#V

MB*D!%+


M:FA45RV_V0MS


M2R44?*J*`
..\$ATD7$-0A)SU:GRKEPDU07`-[AS'TPH'1O0`^O4Q_A`M3
9

MQF*\5&UZPAZXJ

5N



(%
MB[SF@V&Q1#1(D4:$*@G4



2=4K/5J!S:@^S;@6JZ
M(5[@J-_:UCANKD)M6$#TC`/Y

M5D^B4[F

%+OJT0S^YVDTWPSV_





8!^A-0DDZ%




N1@=
8
3[F9K#2[&/,_5DU(\[Y1



M..*N-2G44+F

8$Q826E]PO!W
/=N

\R1=O39MX]E5(0ET24_C:
M/9%2,R!B;H-90&W93(^=T

M&O`M3F45T(N\




*8C`@%/H-`85!
P6%

W@T26N6S$.!).@^`'3G0A2L!P\R
@Z$54'D6QFRKJ$PF_(MJ!T]/B
(L$(!C8R(%024-;E/L(+CJ\1`<QXB.D



MQ-P






M)*ASB*O*E-(A@X;IFLM]=#*Q8&SDAD%TPQI_*R4:381VI84%'E'Y$0ZND&HK



ME#6-)`3$

MD\P2JY+ADU$
1LK0BZWRM#V87.UZ4=AS=-.2CB$W\4XGM`/+@3T@8%@08
RC

MHRP
#TO_XKD._&GPU
/JKJC


M\J
C




M8MNJV/8A54Y3.*F*;:MBV[4EWP.L.JIJCJIBVW4CNMI7&U7%ME6Q[5I38.W%



MXLD^2+)H5\426UUY]FJPK1ZH)H[3HBVOI&=;
Y;+[03U$1+K_M&7]ECW&I
ME2V-ZUS_A#S232&Y%H%G)EY;7=CZ4*MVA*^V.[9.:Q%\GG4_.2+X=9IZH]LK

MPBA&D:D




M.+U&@5PO04M/:VLRAL\=%:Y7C34SS\51A35$^O43S4?DFVHN'IQTRR)86G









FS.UYAC:H;'32LH7\(H

:AM.OW`F8_87-I_'_]'U;J*J1Y\X\U5EY%U71BZN;&E]


7*\X^]
MQYOO_CI%:4N-9E]I2U5@';56/?;..I36L0_6442%1J5U**WC.+6.

M2BEOH@IQ;C5*G*A=O^:7H

ZI
M8W2=ZCQ^H&2E.H\K1%.=QU6AID+.^&/H.18:;1H!%/_1/EH_\)L=]P&L25Q!
MY1T2JH[NE@Z=IC[H-0K`_2K$0QQ-&:S*HY4*CMX_6=8Q3.GHFQ7?C





;EA39ON8
M_/A[JXN




_4^V(3CDM_-[CW
4GH*%6@9W?!Y_&0D(N41.XT:?+
Q_
MM\86]S3?F

32EZ.AO/Y/4XI/IHP




#$T


&54RS!E5'5X

9F1+(SDY
MZ5
;3T]/


M7;!OD,MG2X`7%ZOR4Z_3@8QS8GG,D3H$EO\PJ++IFS33.^C*96SD&-YCH_

M4!


8
M

M7IY:Z`(/
/PH+'^$7).24JP2_*@-UTMC2PPF\J[(:8E7@C@](/3RX2()C+KG



UNTU+'#_I(.][X5T#S9LAV[:(I7P=Q@C;`])!
M*^PB)Z*Z*OG+%JX$43H@F#=C3L!%F(#=0XQ@

+:SRTAK
ME:!.!P3SIMC('32F%QN.U/4C*E5:98BF=#VD56S
:FEID]I[IP
_N/GG[;_





$JT)5E

2AB?F@%VL5M
A
9MRO;EZ3('





^(O%V@F%MOJPHJ!A;/V

N^`QP16P7LYFN4@52EV=J2J03+P?'IT






*QDTE3&P]FDWQG.`9MN0'
MTS8+\D+)
76P)=3NRI*


Q@OS7C#
$
MR^(NE&G#[8LYO@*0U(E2YVU].C9JY::!8:)44:@M'\Y6:1(0_&DU_8(5]=

H)C/Z]R82)\V339NMH\V:K

_J^.%OQ?E1/\7Q4=_.]Q';D]E%5E



M68P%!48FI@F'!8K&1X+'8E41\IE5/RVBN=Z=\A2!8G??DY4XT-UH]53B/KV:


Q.3#TT;!N3^B?X%B&E]
M
$R[KS?`?A0Y$S
$?3/$4^%X0V#;V]L8!!'T3$PBM`WI4X\=;11L.WL3@R


M+7YNWW6'H_9=\+?\YW5S=7NJ[ZCDT:'H$Y3;*AJ:UZ?3)`H_^YFL1W8BD%8
M[BE-1U[QSPS



M-54]CGT`GG
^W
X%!W_]V^LRO'H!$`5Q].N[UOL/[ZY`Y
5^$
U_??=E]G#]



F&UJ[UZ=.GF^RO


4A7EP3X$\3_%^R
J/1\S2)O6^+
M./3Q6GP/G@


MY@5@^TW4RL%XSHXK%*









'4AEN
T*G
M=0YN!Y[R[$)OU]O6L97+4_P
XZ6$NG:?C`7


8`?_7=PE

MI$88K9W3U@$AQ]7*@70/DP!.AAQ
=*L&ZHR_^Q._/04@*KWSDPY@6-$$#BHL

M\Z
6G&@AKTN

M$JH'




Y6$F9&1MXN



C;Q04(`4B:;`0YP76;(7Z:9IIB8,U#3IEY`-C+4S\(#=?Z,-
M90(&`Y

#]9(I#D8^+PKSAQ`P'L_CU^PE1ML'`CX
MAW._`?Z5

6@IM+%*-
M$P;'^C3Z&W##9-'STTV)JVX
5S&4

GKND@(I
M

MUJ8R151A`A?+'NRO2_XW,3+.$H1@LSZ1[ET9(02T5.G+VIP4:R-33B=B:;


M





M7[`M+O[';VG4#R*8.@SDA`+IRVO[BD^(

&FO-C$5GM0;GCOV#K+T!8
MUM[KB__O'CJ);&YBQ'*<*


$-8%;?IX-0NLS8




S`NQ+(
-\DX(Z
M'G&J[=+LA;EC[$9FW^$K






M8RW-8RTV@M0\UE(CL.KR6`M3R
\P1H5.GUE#.Y]LD;`]A&+9



M-HD;F7E721%&YX((*A]4XOD_.NEL36VS3G_&L5C&^R]J:C0!5^ZX+Y^-FZ
_



M`MW;@L42(].^!#I5..%CRG8G%]J5E\2U2+CCLJ_Q'=K#&6D4L97+I#5J(^9*

]L8L+A%^F2-
??FGU$1R6[!?E<;'0XWNT`(@]

M$/6&@+%D?U&$D(6;3






M96^;XWD70QA_#Z)YUUWAOR3KG




#


L8\:S`7G:.[81A_!WXL_@.=)Y0#)\`S03G

M@6Z



T\2E\6
MO5U;?N+1Y=/XAJUP./UP&$X_E)QXEUW9]
YM^9E'ET]%\F;1J??3/?!VPZDD


;21':;R&X3V6TBNTUDMXGLUC9\

M?8D@+/:%YDUA%E4&J*SJHWBSG\:]R43C_(KT-
G#YTU72O!%.!7J


QUT`+`

MIJ1.60S;&DPK%^RLL;?^1`I;T:D@B%9C;[U(
%M#HS3OY('ST?

M!H/YG&L5E.S9IO1

%LS6XJN=YFWH5[I$5R;(H

`6/P$4IS$(4OP?)XDL4/R$`7XBWHQ^MT@1-
M@!='Y.&2[
UC_*\4DJ=QLT=5!X'[E#UI



/#G@-PX




MT8XQC4.?N7
*6YK)


UJCI8&8$X&.(UY:U8'!6Q

?%H7(V??HYFE`;)DD]*%

M0



%`

MX=8C^:WQ@&1



QS;_1YTAG_UN_VAP^CR6-GUA\-.\/[




MY9_QKK&@Y!#O@XL.EQ^CNP9F5%750Y],GA7[;[8I7IG[RC!-1G*M[M_$)W?
M'HWB[:^=[IBZ\

MEB[\)K#:1$TUW4TS9[W)&Q/Q.*2VQVO0D-!U%17T6UIJTX*5D0+V6SYKBJ

MUP3MZ@&2)?9;$[1K@G9-T




MC'[J):-=[4B!^4@C?VOQ/H:





M7NC)OP/N6ND)$UBU^1V):K'92+C





M.5#L\XHJ@\42


N:Q-X2O[VI



M'J2LS015AZPE.VM5$%?@O'J(4Y@LQFDRC+&=QD[+8A
[;9/5Y7-
%XJIRA1(

8`WL6O+%U?$#IMHP_S
M22?$L[G7J-;=C9*IZRWPP7


R508=*Q=DM`)`FB^9T;






M7SB;6'2+XBR0WYYI.+`/['_P%02P
$%`````@`
ML(MM15H.+PG:P``60&`!4`'`!N;G)X+3(P
30P-S
Q7VQA8BYX;6Q55`D`
M`\LP953+

WEB_X_T;L=\!Z[KUM1[!L
MEY_MGIF^04E4F=
J42.QW-/KV.A()4$IQ\E



UK\X\UB$Q5I
MAG[AM-#;+PFQ+]\B\N-U%FVXPS=IB]X]X@S]/:[&?KFZ[??H:_?_NG;'__T
MW1_1_#UZ\X9^)XZ2WQZ#'




M?I`/J

MJ2!(N*=LB%A+1)IZ5T[:=1`J(]TBC


M6]4-$6\)2CDIE\?0^Q&OS5@

MYZ1*


FJVJH]0R6=%P.O3L\
3/\V1#_[/X_1]!#$9
M33XO+H
L.T;)TR]!?-#N@NV(^=+UIE`[G$@ZH(!LD=D/K:XS%!2HZHU8]ZE%
M;1R@(?T!-UT'1[7O/$/PMH07^E*$KJ`Q)1SGVLDN,U+$6]@::!'M.;:V*E

9QCT-

MZ5'[



[B42!
B\7PPS*
M%K#68(R)G(N4)D3*0M/Q_S)Y(9]-LR-Q!&WMQ4E?WV;B#
@Y^]1_9GL94#;!
M=.2##[IHI6\8=
@LNP


9
M8AU8T+CN

#A='J)=I^P!=SB^6-\OU




2.]BK
@YL;W69

MXNU&/-)4'=3T!9!3









H2(?2.DPX7J6S1]^S^&P&V#

/%H/]$QB?J?XSB*[T]3R$ZHNLETN$0
;0_T4AO0V^Q6<7.[&DGG_;R50^HZ`9VVN7K



M&[IW7T(N^(Y[;'`)#!TBMF(Z`
*X
H!FB0EAA7E-L:Q7Z_D-`IN!T(V7+$/%

%6A\-(1Y1FB'?EP3%:

/K7J9L[45Z

ME/@Q1P_C=T(&D









M8
%)'S@&R8P9U4;*B!.G$[#W0?8;IJ+.1L0RT^2-X-M:+PTUWR9
[;[%*1N
MQ!AS5Q$`=*39U1(=@'P
B*:
:61*3/BR.G$C;JG.
_9&YMK;)Y$H-//E\42
M`#CGKW831-N`L$BV`]\*!N[-\LC81FEJ)#PSY=NM'!/4ST3TKO`+CM
]#:
[
MFA8U

C
F'#GI`=&01;A_*_!


M+/0^^G@`-FEXH(2%N^/^)H,QC'%DN$P?4KHFS6:7ZJ!Q1HTT:W;E&2'S)V
MUSN






SF`*
A@T0_O;H

M



M5Y
3B+'&6QA;AJ=6B62






MXTF@=G9M7)TU[8AF(RT!:S75&MII
MKPW*`AGC$!0%


M_CU!UNG&&B7&H7IW#7N)KN;PQ%YNO:LJKC]-=)7F/J
5==^G*M:38:.].!4`

MZHBY$P87H%)
@77$JOP3W5Z6U
;3:X



M-:)

;0EU--<'5]KHNGUC*^-'H
M]

M+-06VP101;3'%+RRFJ*V

6-O(*3/EWPOC$+LV*Z!_


MSR`
/M5J-P5A6=W0((XF;#5]$[;NX8$Q(&:<:/9<0
6&/I/.U4=+989;VW-J


M#2N3PO)N46TXV#&KI91]O5K;XAEGS6T.IE%[6%H1-4!65@S6U
+2WNV;6*R_



_)
Y!1

MSG
.

%)FST

:2J*&LDBD:

F2D_OI:C]8$N])A^S;=Y[#U9
MXQVIP[_0
\`LG3TU$$T/.



MJV=3R!6U.D-]SS
09IH;/4[S0U;&Y$13X5AWR
:6/
[9B]1_9XYC($T4F=
MY^LT

%D3+\P^P+B]

Z
Y3F



MAR8L3;R1?593\&**=:!47


Y6F36BO-Q.R[/&GPIT04#^-GQL
MK




!X4U2WA:S;=0MG%OU2KUJ/FP
EY7R5
MU




M3V5
[.]7]82]^

U\O



MTZX$0[9F-VF0]-DOF=#SNF4R`]P)_;+R1JNJO!'+AT)[@M\Z6:RO?O=DOKCC


2V3[KFIISM21RHOP6TH^S5

(^32P\VKLHQ
?ZVEQ.


M#

M(


M+-=_`V
83+E1:0\


8.KY$O2^P`GC\O;JP\/Z_F_H8?&.W@.?

M8XY_/Y!A+5[ZI)6TO%N+N0`N\5FJZ:(MP5M+C0+9UA'5KEJ_MC0WDA(7@S
M#0I(!IP'S@K8P/EP\;#XSP]$ZZ/%+S1;&1Q5KN
SM0+7
-ET\O(AQZOM(B^B

3:4#OB=1-9CQC[1']6O[7H[`


:
M8


M9=;[*/^-O_BE/]EOV^2D?%LV-4S!@\2F-:*-9M5K?_X/.)(U&NITVX8
SI09
M\*WAWD['M`!2UCJ:
6-ZX%+5ZBV,DTM)`$=_@I8C!6T9:'W3+6^K::]SC'
$[RV4

M:%=1U[=0+8*


$8\4




+Z&

ICAR.K3R?A-]/LAVD3%T2PYEE(O*FGY-M(:
MH-V*
&7SD[18_L5T2(SO4O[Z@'!DYN4DS)V;;(RK`5M.F&0H?
:;0TP
?7U=







/1)7(3#AXZX/A1DK_H^2J+=87=/M]'Q77!D)SG7

M6L:;METY7S'M2DOP\NG*:'B%*J=#LL$9*IY)XWKV6%O(KLT``FKIX_273@!Y






%`<V<5*0J#.#S0I%(L0-Q6WUOVFTUC
M=*M3K2


M8S3G671;?`%2'TPP$_2A09-//

8`


?D[PMJ5$9T_YD46A(61





!M`LQ$J33]!+8'U7+;Z%N(!TJ$RC2M=SR/E:X


M









D


PW``]I
MO*DNZUK9?0NR7CT`*_B=VHRL






M'YH:PA-MX-W.F+&6


8

6?5'

==#S





?@.)U8=V=NTJFME^ZJL+K0SJ+W=0'@W%=[2I
$[\[+C:J/=





M6UR\`B='PX0FWHV:`Z=

M



MTK3'N2_]
M*DG(=?9B@AGDJZ1=M2I3QR:0#CJ3B*@:9
B8L
]`C1U*QXHE).


Z=I/6V\4B9K7ZDN:\

_JUZ@:C7I0[-'J^$]`N*B*+'H\%/3=-K2/X%Q$
R84ND3&'&D



($14`3HD8G%)UM+I

M/;TL
WR!LKCCS%PU&7D]&:W7W1GI`\XT#RAX1N9Z.*F;3CE971H2*FB_=X.$

MC85`90_UPM-#GM_A)


^N&HJ:W[F9R-MW^\CI*




I2@`+$[
M]E^B]3-IW[0)


=`
`:H!7V/\R*+

M--S00)X(X%521


\#.[('/U4






M\KZ?2MA/AR+W',Q0YP(JIR`B@PB=,@?HSP,8O0W'&3H?4`:TOSF_JK(CCPY
MK-*'^/HB:D+SEI!V58$Y^AGS`TP67ARP3[T(T:0&-J/I/
&D(OJ?@W^)/
M!5I_Q/$+:9$FQ3.TS)2.TT!XZWOO]KH?1QNFJ;1@9W`RO$S6'U-J=*P?=-M_
MX)78])





M!.)HR`;-/

!-9GI=AN%&'U.O
G\]P--Z+U-T^(+[Z;'F.F4FRX=Q_5Y:4TF


UTE?




L:TBC



M8;





M.GFM51*E7UTG@+
MK)*=:<^X*J7@6\<*06E8;(9H.U#:U@A&G<%_C[,HW9SORLI8CG#N02#&V[S
M)3++I



\'WSE=+^N[CY4]
MS-XC


M#H2;91*`ZGMFK4XP[TF8+J'Q+33%^DW)F)5E7&T?GM.




M0Z``FF.X*QQRZ?VIDOF/4?&




MD/QF$1`X[^
E%M`=^#GSL!:(-@$4`+`9-H`MN7ZX\@Q1#1`@FVX)K\OWVV)&


0
W```B!X8#KP50@C0

M0
[($)B6!-

KYW%
M5\+4?J6WG9WQZI!%R9-4BHTO!TEI0KJEI0!N+





[0C)G5W
MV-%SF^(YKI/3@=H




M4IUJ[`:&7.AZB:*Z38+&A10\A]Y'1Z^5,)+0NCM'STIOK'0NZB[\\D`$L_M
MH0[DD5YW73FU_?-;?HRJM
G^@!LGT\\)2ZZ#GWS#:J(
?X&^')\A.F0BGLS

J;']UVCC;\;TN
3T(7I\0DGP$D+




57





)N#VPXW'F
MU5=@BQ+L1@`6KEE5


.^@NZ0.]1W=2K


U2K_:U0\?TC2QQQG+_2.

$

MVC9R?'WI;/AF
Y=`9+1

0D3_B++J




=]MY)<(NGGQ2H3#ERN=5CH#_RZ)S=CI2P1%OA(/#HG1Z%MGXB``/$T

P(.?5FSVXF-\4[M=XIG(3]$




1U/L:1O(WW75QYN'P(]6K`[U'



;\%S;44



=ESJ:'9TR4._TV&?;%L6EPF29%%H3%
MFHSNXO@SWCS1ZW0XCYX2UM8H/\,$(_#N,HTQJ7+UE[=<)*+%JLQ;[(NH^N2,
M7L=JN5+59Q']KBS/A'\':#3V-'-ZQN+-Z03]GN8<FG^*K)V3IJ-OAZ(-H7/(
MSU(J_4K_ZH5[#:?0QL<3_S$O&)6UTG4Q9?:/1VVA$.N6-H+.!I.
-=*E=2=


M#-;:035;*V7F




_IRGJ@:P;AH9#QN
RA5S






+XP5.PN==D/UF
M$Y?7TO%E]PP`=ERZ=A=^_;ON`BUJ;[I^2IMCN'@^N;(:CELH7TO/=SC*`+`=
MET(-])NNK%%HR'!9)SQ[F*<W^

I^^PGRS9+
M;7..:[+.TS'T'3V&R(KC'5FV8IYL:.$NEF+93LOKR/C2]WIXYQQ;]9@AUH<5
MFJI[P3(]N#J%F`

MI%-SRB7J$4PO23
?VR&0+NCN-8@NA/A&






TKE^CK*-7CCE
04A`:\A
!A#B^693



]KGG?U:[Z4CB#@`K$VJ&H$R%3KA\__1%\H
M)03(EK:&9*1-`#06ND*`L@H5,/,LD0P#VRP6BRDKDSX6EVE6#$GB\A_*O!F




MU?8:;W`6Q/&1#(.6[;F)=I&P-)XUC;\;.PLM;G

M21K
JS^*RJ\B_EDK


M&5%588:#'*//KS#_Z0NG4

MZ\G4`YSGK7&VBQ*J4V[HO
M\`DES=_.O^7X?$6I.Z1KBB%'O9=`'&+&&^9NS
9L6%-61OA:[Y^.]S(ZTLL#
;(L
MZ]HM64?^#X7S:4G(W?5T&W$OJTF_B


M




M)W_X?P%02P

30P
M-S
Q7W!R92YX;6Q55`D``\LP953+

X
MDN[[B3C_H4[OZU97R^[IR\3.;LBR[%&







M[X3K3[3

M8_M&NGK6HL&.SV+R?TI?-%Z
-PBGM!7M

M`_UFM2H%4/JK/3M:/?GAMZBH

JRS:I?LT!1%5FG#[L*)3_;_R/Q-E0--+Y\K%/RXU/DTXF'+$?Q=A3&
;7YV-
Z-V

E\IO1UXC=`?



MTOW:?1CV]04D;:OL


M..@^#(:#^5?M[O+;*+MBC1X_S^;3K[/^

#G04OI!/CD=$
M*+E9I$?*DZ$YU1]+Y;]E_&S]B&+;\^?H/4[T3$72IJYR[LZ^:?[XO6_WFB`Z
M5:'H7!-&`54JU'PU2[:^/DD:JK2;.AHC:ZG2CMX9Z^A=1?:EPLJKUEY9V]/C





M.CIFXFO@@'4F)A-?

MFUCA9L2*N;K%!0'^/L0P%:TM



M
Q2XR-UWD390

/G9//^#1P/L2RV9O^QA(UWGTEJPS9\N\;\BG.M'E+

M](-!/++7B-%A7E%KM^7)\];%IWVUL;-OD?QX0=KIA8-=B4^;-.3\H[/R_`/?



M+079EB#AN[B:Q/)C@IZ(H'(W%CP4R5D650/RXA1D68*$[UEK$LL3C#:VY_;?

@




M:;C5\H4)ZUEW;;+1L?&U[MP^#(/E'.'UZ0-L*@=W5DWKKC;V.`Y_TL
[#U8[
4DMHZ;MW5QAQG8-6F:(P1;A!*^1+%PCOKC;FN*(DB\&UPQ;RRTAO51U
M5M2ZAPY$$]+#VW9=@FC%/JOKNE[6[8GMN8.@9V\\,I?D\(HLK-+*UCWT9<D

;4;G6M#5\KMM$7N?:Z2;P*


T

*$2?7K=SUUZ0/A9%8_UW@$6C5%P3.!V6D#G.V)4:H7YX
7&
MOR



6EO^RJ6A;&,$.!*2J#O!M\#I#8U\FI`9T.K*!R








VQ63!:$2S(24\AY558KRZW
MDO0XED$RYAZ)R:)0DPP=4I[9%8!C?PL2S,72CD#


M(;72X+@]=_R!@WZ-




?2PF@XT'I
MT?G)#[]!IL
_]$$O^/.B&D#

M6L;--)4\#48^4)\84Q9I_!77#/16Q+P5VWW!VO#-
:BR)S


D]=X

M^H5V&U$
'M1V6$`N\0Z-R+LD#XSH:42N7KUP`WH@EG-MASKB$^;CK^^Y9
M32TE.*M;OP!O(XK`0`EMIZAZ^SQMW1-I.^#.0XF!_2A9[]Z?KH5*[2A$#58
MOQ!OHUL


ER2O_

&D)E!#
M6YTXS:!U%.`E
M\P5O#]5NR[F'-D49H9:SWQ231BC4DEPN\(]K%YXI9/\):
M#O0`AY,Z.5%G@B?K)QD;V,'2QJ7D=XDY0UW827K1UA;754C6PJZPA6:Z5$








M+,K\%,O^CV+&J$_9=O;BT+-D=/L?5;A
98^F7H]\K8D=;JPUJU:L#FZG



3#@/R
MHX-R6-57=MVFK$[SK'A%
!XTI=GVO:'W1^*Y7KS53-XAJ&9UFF?BD^$YL%V!


M#D:]\4M_WOT'U#3;AF231WVB)M@P0.GKS8


A7]<Q^1@BGEY
&








$B4P6H*
M=8_AVO8;?*R:DKF1H!.J0=X-2





C8-_

QI
M+#$Q-[N

+9]8/H.EPKH2PWX3?AP++]2
M`]\3%((I?YSX-:
X0$OZT`$PR2







O^EW)(B:H!7F%7)
X]B0JQM8RMI4L


M;XQU)JP*D\U=DU[?#[_1*VA/(7X

M#-CTO^OFVXT0$?6*3'2/Z`WY86:-DTX$PGI0-^C-:H
48H672*X9@$:OR3S8
M$5GSPC7%MF

FA%7P2]
M[V]


:3XB

M7AS
^P&Q#Q72.S:::QPXK-*D&NFAAL[':5B[E$^:O`


M4%`6Q4J4DCN'7
M21.@RNI7SH

M`LX1)2=71RE$*-MV=
G!UM8&X/1/9DG/7:8K/P-`6?QP^.9%I#URS
GY36%S





*I`9H#57\Q


=\:
KHTGSKM6)U`)^1*4*W/CSH

BI;$8?3@X$
M[/#*6YUZ6:4YU$6$.@T#Q*N2]1VN'N(D9XEXF?S!$'M9.1)VW`Z@`^JE*&
<@]YR]_&RBM9=O8PI\GV]

8[?71]4*GZHB;/E3Q'H-
M`=_!*T!V*:TYHOYW4II!,/\6?D4V5KNXI]@6<):N:ZO.7!H/\6UU8=\%9E3
'SY+7?R(GGH=CW'TCFDK1/87X=)Q*(JRU
MVX*\YWS&(GN:*H*HV;&Z6HBE\=D%6@
^TA=BW(#R@-_D-J
^+S:1;X#P-I\7

4*!CMA:W`WTINV#X





Z5NW1?A/*P)[9=28TV1]



M4DD7G8E-Y#T*8YJD8DLWNP)E5ZH'HNBO\2`@GT]4'`R
TD!JKRI/KLJS@#3;
M5C@
@R4Y[ZXI-@4?`:LXL%.`PPJ;0D[_V\6AU




#VBN-=7R(33\C;PS*9`-A_IIDA0&-D8+:%$Z1F8(6C@LZ:MM
MA))X2N:J--K8G2#L4(:6ZN842/09N:2S



3@K^
M?5E5T+M6:J8T]8M7&NT!!PPHT


5B%.?3
2LKEU:N0B


M#D[L(N6#N@6?D

6%@H
M[#'=2%CH3TTWO^3G#\5Y$OC0+:!/D4:C




M)@2K%T4A3N]WB@_[K+)0EY15)
TXZO



?









68QJ@W%U2=3!'J[PI0*R+!5%FT$IA*Y

';7RZ
MEG:0WT7(26+O#9E2%':3UEV=3%]F=(:/M





M`1?=9]L+AF$4C8-'A+TWFX8U':4;C5`\P2BVWP5:IMI$7:/
N8JC`\S8J^V`
5<]I405?DN^[5B_E++`/U]9#OI








T%3CU


ML[P+
/193F[%FE#QRD5W'4J`H!
J)53U8/*B2X((<J<-IXTZ#D




'
O#A0<<67W/ZZ-G1JO34
M01NI;71=R6ECCPTZL/F*4T8QG;ALH[;!=N6FBCVTD.DKQ6%]=B?#KYTYX
O





$5N2;@'XEH0*E.(?7@G<FN293
`H8!OT*XH:9'^LX992DW*H;HMXK4$^&#U^GLVG7V?]YY?^:/[<

M-46;$


?QZ7_&TX

M%P/VAA2@[JSWT(8NWA
\9-E8=2//%N?'.2L&[


M^PO















M/4

.\%1F*)[4+F5[WEONK%1^\8U6)//

LS!4(B15






MAINNZ^Y2L&NPQ*QDW0
_FE:0+RZ8/7
_UXPY%#\E@1M-D8.HZ9Y+UEDYZQ[X
M-3-=?AC]WU/R2Z-=?0F4G;+**=W]TWHCZ8*
9)&AN\IH^5BV[PJS9AW=?*

#$T


&54=7@+``$$)0X`




M!HCJ^I]=ES^7K$\Q9&B?+L\]O@22=YWV[[?#F6IM7+/#W#\RU
\/W(GI+]NR
M^('X-:7I;9(&-+$']IA84+J%-3[^Q`J3E?*HB9ZPOB6KM&:(V.1.Q\^O2I
MK4H3Q=$E$=3.K?Q3FWL.;4=D






75UO
$3JG0G/^F/E.3:8
MXF`'

$P1]?&


AW?#V8P





&9W=7

(V'

K#CQ22CTD5

OL0-

I-L8/85U&7%GS


VHPQ<E8;WGO`



MQ#76`D



M3R2J^/Z8K]K[\:MD2KXY9IO_%#B9847NN2\4[T/96Q31_CQD]:NJK)2%UR0
M4M06AWZW=I54;4-V)TS91J1YHO_.:89V!4VI=J19DS^.P(4[:*;
JU(F-2O






5_(%V@-';9RYH3OX.

CB3DO



01JYX=A#O^78]O/(Z/\L.D
M-9+K\+(I_7K9.K_28IOBJH]5

F)AYC@V6/N`F




[)!#)2O#42=1=[)3Z






N+4B13&Y`W0UDFCF!6+%F;VD\K2$2[D_8

MW#Q2P7T9?KF2N?



M)-#NP]&RV7((ZAC.U-J*YGP5$-4GR'E+GF7P/\S[#!T&F;F;)+FF]PD.DA[M





C`Q-#`W

&54=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L!`AX#

M'@

#$T


&54=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L!


C`Q-#`W


M;G)X+3(P
30P-S
Q+GAS9%54!0`#RS!E5'5XP`!!4.```$.0$``%!+!08`

 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<table style=width: 100%; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\'
 \'times new roman\'
 \''
 times


<div style=text-align: center; font-family: '\'
 \'times new roman\'
 \''
 times


<div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\'
 \'times new roman\'
 \''
 times


<div style=font-family: '\'
 \'times new roman\'
 \''
 times


<div style=font-family: '\'
 \'times new roman\'
 \''
 times


<div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\'
 \'times new roman\'
 \''
 times


<div style=font-family: '\'
 \'times new roman\'
 \''
 times


<div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\'
 \'times new roman\'
 \''
 times


<div style=font-family: '\'
 \'times new roman\'
 \''
 times


<div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\'
 \'times new roman\'
 \''
 times


<div style=font-family: '\'
 \'times new roman\'
 \''
 times


<div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\'
 \'times new roman\'
 \''
 times


<div style=font-family: '\'
 \'times new roman\'
 \''
 times


<div style=text-align: left; font-family: '\'
 \'times new roman\'
 \''
 times


<div style=font-family: '\'
 \'times new roman\'
 \''
 times


<div style=font-family: '\'
 \'times new roman\'
 \''
 times

<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleThresholdPercentageOfStockPriceTrigger'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleStockPriceTrigger'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAnnualPrincipalPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisLiabilityPurchasesSalesIssuancesSettlements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationsRecurringBasisLiabilityValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDerivativeInstrumentsNetPretax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfDebtDiscountPremium'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGrossAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAllowanceForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_StockTransactionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_MaximumIssuedAmountOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_TermOfAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_PutNoticeDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_NumberOfLowestDailyVolumeWeightedAveragePrices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_NumberOfTradingDay'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_MinimumPercentageOfCommonStockSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_EquityPurchaseAgreementCondition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_StockTransactionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_RoyaltyFeesPerBox'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_NumberOfSachetsSoldInBox'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_NumberOfBoxesSoldAfterPaymentOfRoyaltyFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_PrepaymentOnRoyaltyFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_MinimumRoyaltyPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_RemainingBalanceAdvancesOnRoyalty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_NumberOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_NumberOfAdditionalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_NetFundsReceived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_DebtInstrumentRemainingPrincipalBalanceDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCurrentBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFrequencyOfPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAnnualPrincipalPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_AmountAllowedToBeAbsorbed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=font: bold 10pt/normal '\'
 \'times new roman\'
 \''
 times


<div style=font: 13px/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font: 10pt/normal '\'
 \'times new roman\'
 \''
 times


M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C9#0Q-S(Y95\R8S$S7S1D-3)?8C-A-E\P8C(R
M9#9A8S4X,V,B#0H-E1H:7
@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7
@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7



M8C(R9#9A8S4X
V







T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@



T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


T0B5V]R:W-H

\+W@Z3F%M93X-




M/'@Z3F%M93Y#3TU-251-14Y44U]#3TY424Y'14Y#24537T%.1%\\+W@Z3F%M





O4VAE970Q
BYH

#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F

O4VAE970Q-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC96Q7


O4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E



O


M24Y$55-44EE?4T5'345.5%]'14]'4D%02$E#7TE./]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@



M5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4U54T51545.5%]%5D5.5%
\+W@Z


M7U-)1TY)1DE#04Y47T%#0T]53E0Q/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H





O4VAE970R


&-E;%=O<FMS


T0B5V]R:W-H
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-
MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^3$E.15-?3T9?
M0U)%1$E47T%.1%],3T%.7U!!64%
#I.86UE/D-/3E9%4E1)0DQ%7TY/5$537U!!64%3$5?04Y$


M5D%4259%7TQ)04))3$E465]486)L97




T0B

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R
M:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4U5-34%265]/1E]324=.249)0T%.5%]!
M0T-/54Y4



M
S
N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC




M:&5E=#






M1D]27TE.0T]-15]405A%4U]$970S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H


X+FAT;6PB+SX-


M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^3$5!4T53
M7T1E=&%I;'



M93Y





M965T-#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z
&-E

M;64^4D5





M.DYA;64^3$E.15-?3T9?0U)%1$E47T%.1%]

O


M5%]!3D1?3$]!3E]005E!0C



T0B5V]R:W-H
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-
MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].5D525$E
M3$5?3D]415-?4$%904)
15]!3D1?
#I.86UE/D-/3E9%4E1)0DQ%7TY/5$537U!!64%3$5?04Y$





M


O4VAE970U
M


2519
M7T1E=&%I;'



M93Y$15))5D%4259%7TQ)04))3$E465]$971A:6Q?
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(


M86UE/DE.1%535%)97U-%1TU%3E1?1T5/1U)!4$A)0U])3C(\+W@Z3F%M93X-

M7T=%3T=205!(24-?24XS/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U


M='






M968]



M;VL^#0H\+WAM;#X\(5ME;F1I9ETM+3X-CPO:&5A9#X-B`@/&)O9'D^#0H@

3X-CPO:'1M;#X-
M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C9#0Q-S(Y95\R8S$S7S1D-3)?8C-A-E\P
M8C(R9#9A8S4X,V,-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8V0T
M

F
Q
U\T9#4R7V(S839?
&(R
F0V86

O
M4VAE970P
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS

M;'-P86X]


T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@

#$T/&)R




]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M16YT:71Y(%)E9VES=')A;G0@3F%M93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S


]


M86QI9VX]


]


M9R!3=&%T=7


T1T



]



M871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG+2TP-RTS
3QS



]


]
T1R



]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3`L
#
X+#
Y


]




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@4&5R:6]D($5N9!$871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y*=6P@



T1T;W`^06UE;F1M96YT($9L

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P







]


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

CEE
M7S)C
3-?-&0U
E]B
V$V7S!B







]

T1)1#!%34]!1SX-

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

S$L(#(P
3


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3$L




]
T1R

]
T1N=6UP/C0L

M;7`^









T1T;W`^5&]T86P@

]
T1N=6UP
M/C4S
2PX


3






]


BPP





]


]




]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]



]
T1N=6UP/C


]
M








]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5L871E9!P

M
2PP.#



]



]

S
X+#(V
M



]
T1N=6UP/C$L
C







T1T;W`^0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T97


]



]
M





]






]
T1R

#`Q+`W-3`L,#`P+#`P,!S:&%R
M97
@875T:&]R:7IE9#L@-3$L

C4L
#`U+#4T-!S:&%R
M97,@:7-S=65D(&%N9!O=71S=&%N9&EN9R!A=!*=6QY(#,Q+`R
#$T(&%N
M9!*=6QY(#,Q+`R
#$S+!R97-P96-T:79E;'D\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]
T1N=6UP/C4Q+#$U



]
T1N=6UP/C
L
M
S
W+#DQ


T1T;W`^06-C=6UU;&%T960@9&5F:6-I=#PO=&0^#0H@




]





]








]

2P@


#$S/&)R



]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]




]
T1N=6UP/C4Q+#$U





]


CEE7S)C
3-?-&0U
E]B
V$V
M7S!B






]






M






BPR

]


M






]
M
T1N=6UP/C
P
2PR


]
T1N=6UP/C$U-BPW



]
M






]
T1N=6UP/C
R+#(S



T1T;W`^4V%L
M87)I97
@86YD('=A9V5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M







]
M




]




]

]
T1N=6T^*#
W+#8V




]
T1N=6T^
M*#$V+#8U




]
T1N=6T^*#$V+#8U


M150@*$Q/4U
I($)%1D]212!)3D-/344@5$%815



T1T;W`^4')O=FES:6]N





]



]
T1N=6T^)`H,XP




]



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C9#0Q-S(Y95\R8S$S
M7S1D-3)?8C-A-E\P8C(R9#9A8S4X
V



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13



T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!*=6PN(#,Q
M+`R




T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92`H

#$R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


]


]
T1T97AT




]


]








]
T1N=6T^*#$W
M


S$L(#(P
3
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C(L



M9VX]

#$S

#4L-30T/'-P






]




]




]


]



M

]
M


RPT



]
M




]

\


]


M



]
T1T






34X


]

]
T1N




]




^#0H@


]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@-3$L




]





M

F
Q
U\T9#4R7V(S839?
&(R
F0V86
U.#-C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V-D-#$W
CEE7S)C
3-?-&0U
E]B
V$V7S!B
M





^+RH@1&\@


$4U
M





CXQ
B!-;VYT
M:'

2P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@




]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T(A







]



]
T1N=6UP/C0L-S
X/'-P




]
T1R;SX-

]
T1N


]













T1T;W`^

@86YD(&QI86)I

]
T1T


]


]




T1T;W`^26YV



]


]



]

]
T1N




]

]
M
T1N=6T^*#8S


]

]
T1T97AT



]







]

]



M='



]

M-S$Y+#4P

]




]




@;V8@;F]T97







M;F%N8VEN9R!!8W1I=FET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$







]


]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]








]

]



]




M1FEN86YC:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97


T1T;W`^1&5B=!D:7-C;W5N=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


M1&YU;7`^


]



M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8V0T

F
Q
U\T9#4R7V(S839?
&(R
M
F0V86

O4VAE970P-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]

M;'-P86X]


M
#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$


]
T1R;SX-



#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CY.3U1%(#$@)B
X
C$Q.R!.05154D4@3T8@3U!%4D%424].4SPO9F]N=#X\


P
#`P
#`[('1E

'!X.R!L971T97(M




#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R



[
M)R!S:7IE/3-$



@;V8@=&AE(%-T871E(&]F($1E;&%W






M:6YG($QI=F4@0FQO;V0@06YA;'ES:7


N($EN







@9&ER96-T('1O('1H92!P
M=6)L:6




M97






M(&%N9!3;W5T:!+;W)E82X@5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@;6%I;G1A:6YS(&UU;'1I





M.B`C
#`P




[)R!S:7IE/3-$








3H@=&EM97


N+!A($YE=F%D82!C;W)P;W)A=&EO;B`H(D)U:V$B*2!A;F0@2&5A
M;'1H($5D=6-A=&EO;B!#;W)P;W)A=&EO;B!D8F$N($YU=')A;F]M:6-S+!)
M;F


B*2P@



3
L(#(P
3
L($)U:V$@8V%N8V5L960@
C4L
#`P+#`P
M

M;6UO;B!S:&%R97







M

F
Q
U\T9#4R7V(S839?
&(R
F0V86
U.#-C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V-D-#$W
CEE7S)C
3-?-&0U
E]B
V$V7S!B
M





^+RH@1&\@


$5-


3(@36]N=&AS($5N


]




M4$]
24-)15






M(%PG=&EM97





M17-T:6UA=&5S/]U/CPO9&EV/@T*/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T



'!X.R!W:&ET92US


@:6X@



M:&4@9&%T92!O9B!T:&4@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@86YD('1H92!R



M=&%N8V5S(&1I8W1A=&4N($%S(&9U='5R92!E=F5N='
@86YD('1H96ER(&5F
M9F5C='



P
#`P
#`[

'!X.R!L971T



M
#`P

M('=H:71E+7-P86-E.B!N;W)M86P[(UW96)K:70M=&5X=US=')O:V4M=VED







#`P
#`P

M+7-P86-E.B!N;W)M86P[(UW96)K:70M=&5X=US=')O:V4M=VED=&@Z(#!P





#$T(&%N

@=V5R92!W:71H
M:6X@=&AE($9$24



P
#`P

M;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@




#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R








M

'!X.R!W







M(')E='5R;G
@86YD(&%L;&]W86YC97




@





@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


#`P

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

P
M
#`P

'!X





N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V]G;FEZ97
@=&AE



M87







@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97

#`P

T0G9F]N=#H@


P
#`P

M;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@




3!P=#LG/E5N96%R;F5D




M87
@82!L:6%B:6QI='D@=6YT:6P@=&AE('!R;V1U8W1S(&%R92!D96QI=F5R
M960N)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/E1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V]R9&5D('5N96%R;F5D
M(')E=F5N=64@;V8@)#,S.PR-C
@86YD(0U.PT
3@@87

M
2P@



M86P[(&-L96%R.B!B;W1H.R!M87)G:6XM=&]P.B`Q
'!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T
M=&]M.B`Q





#`P





M=&EM97











2`S
M,2P@,C`Q-!A;F0@
C`Q


@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@
M=&EM97

#`P

T0G9F]N=#H@


P
#`P

M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@


P
#`P

M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@





L(&5X



3(L
S@Y
M(&%S(&]F($IU;'D@
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3



P
#`P
#`[('1E

'!X.R!L971T97(M




#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R


M=F5N=&]R:65S/]U/CPO9&EV/@T*/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T



'!X.R!W:&ET92US


'!T

@87)E('-T871E9!A=!T:&4@;&]W97(@;V8@8V]S

M9V]O9'


2!M
M86ME<R!J=61G;65N=',@87,@=&\@9G5T=7)E(&1E;6%N9!R97%U:7)E;65N
M='








38P.SPO9F]N


W!X+VYO






T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


3!P=#LG/DIU;'D@



3!P=#LG/DIU;'D@




M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D



3!P=#LG/C(P
30\


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@





M965F9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V




M:61T:#H@

M:7IE.B`Q




#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T



M)RP@=&EM97







M


M97

#L\




M93H@
3!P=#LG/C(S

T0G



T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE.B!S;VQI9#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO<CH@(V9F
M9F9F9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V


P
#`P
#`[


M=&EM97

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@

M:#H@
3$Y

M.B`Q

T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M(V-C965F9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

M)R!V86QI9VX]





#L\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





M9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

T1N
M;W=R87`^)B

T0G





M:#H@


M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I


38P.SPO

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R
M:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UC

#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@
G!X.R!B;W)D






T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#L\+W1D/@T*

P
#`P



M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@

M:61T:#H@
3$Y


M('1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q


T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE.B!D;W5B;&4[(&)A8VMG<F]U;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[
M)R!V86QI9VX]



#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@<FEG:'0[('9E<G1I8V%L

M:7IE.B`Q


3PO9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@


T1N;W=R
M87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M+6-O;&]R.B`C
#`P


T0G9F]N


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@

M(S`P
#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@-'!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY
M.B`G7<L(%PG=&EM97






M97






M=&EM97

M
#`P


M96EV86)L92P@86-C;W5N='




@87)E
M(&UA:6YT86EN960@:6X@86-C;W5N='


M960@;&EM:70@;V8@)#(U


M:71S(&%T($IU;'D@
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3




@





M:7!M96YT/]U/CPO9&EV/@T*/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T+VYO













@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)RP@=&EM97

#`P



M:6YG/3-$

M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B`R




#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@
M



M9'1H.B`X


#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@
G!X


M97



M:7IE.B`Q



M:7IE.B`Q

#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&UI9&1L93L@8F%C:V=R
M;W5N9UC;VQO<CH@(V-C965F9CLG/@T*/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G7<L(%PG=&EM97
@;F5W(')O



T0G=VED
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G7<L(%PG=&EM97

T0G=VED=&@Z(#@Q-'!X.R!V97)T:6-A
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@9F]N=UF86UI









T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=UF86UI


3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-CQT


M













#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N

38P.SPO9&EV/@T*/&1I



#`P



@:7



M87-S971S+B!





T0G9F]N=#H@
M






T0G9F]N=#H@


P
#`P

M;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



M9B!I='

@9'5R:6YG('1H92!P97)I;V0@

S(L
C
2`S,2P@,C`Q-!A;F0@
C`Q
RP@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


#`P



T1A-3=D-#1B.3@M
S)F
2TT-3@V
M+3EB9C@M







M;G

M96P@9F]R(&1E=&5R;6EN:6YG('1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F('-T;V-K(&)A









M





M96YT:71I97


@:7-S=65D(&EN


3!P=#LG


M96YT(&1A=&4@:7


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97

#`P
M

T0G9F]N=#H@


P
#`P
#`[('1E

'!X.R!L971T97(M


M=&EM97

M
#`P




@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET


F5D(&EN(&EN8V]M92!I;B!T:&4@









@







!P;W-I=&EO;G,@87)E(&UE87-U
M<F5D(&%T('1H92!L87)G97-T(&%M;W5N=!T:&%T(&ES(&=R96%T97(@=&AA
M;B`U





M960@87


@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97
L

#`P


T0G9F]N=#H@


P
#`P

M+6EN9&5N=#H@





#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@






M;B!S:&%R97




P
#`P

M+6EN9&5N=#H@




M;&]R.B`C
#`P



Q+`R,#$T(&%N9`R
M



@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97
L

#`P


T0G9F]N=#H@


P
#`P

M+6EN9&5N=#H@




#`P
#`P.R!T97AT




Q+`R,#$T
M(&%N9`R

4@86YD(#@Q)2!O
M9B!T;W1A;!P=7)C:&%S97
@87

2P@

M


M9SH@





M:61T:#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@


P
#`P

M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@













M



M86QU92!O9B!&:6YA;F-I86P@26YS=')U;65N='






@86X@96YT:71Y('1O(&UA

@86YD(&UI;FEM



M86QU92!H:65R87)C:'D@8F%S960@;VX@=&AE(&QE=F5L(&]F(&EN9&5P96YD

M92!H:65R87)C:'D@:7
@8F%S960@=7!O;B!T:&4@;&]W97-T(&QE=F5L(&]F








P
#`P

M




#`P
M

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

P
#`P
#`[

'!X.R!L971T







#`P

M92UW:61T:#H@

R`M(%5N;V)S97)V86)L92!I;G!U='
@

@



'!X.R!W:&ET92US

M)SXF(S$V










P
#`P

M




#`P
M

M:71E+7-P86-E.B!N;W)M86P[(UW96)K:70M=&5X=US=')O:V4M=VED=&@Z

@3&5V96P@
B!F:6YA;F-I86P@;&EA8FEL
M:71I97



M=&EO;B!D971A:6QS('-U8V@@87

M=')A8W1U86P@=&5R;7





M(&-O;&]R.B`C
#`P



38P.SPO9&EV/@T*/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

M(%PG)RP@=&EM97


#`P

T0G9F]N=#H@


P
#`P

M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



M9&%R9'



@;W(@979E;G1S




'!X





#4L(%-O9G1W87)E.B!2979E;G5E(%)E8V]G;FET





M:#H@





@9G)O;2!O


2P@

L(')A



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C9#0Q-S(Y95\R8S$S
M7S1D-3)?8C-A-E\P8C(R9#9A8S4X
V



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M345.5%
L($-/3E1)3D=%3D-)15
@04Y$($Q%1T%
($U!5%1%4E


S$L(#(P
30\8G(^


M;6ET;65N='
@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97



M



#`P

M.#(Q
3L@0T]-34E4345.5%
L($-/3E1)3D=%3D-)15
@04Y$($Q%1T%
($U!
M5%1%4E


M.B`Q



'!X.R!W


@;F5W

M;'5D960@=&AA=!T:&5R92!W97)E(&YO(&-O;6UI=&UE;G1S+!C;VYT:6YG



M97AT4&%R=%]C9#0Q-S(Y95\R8S$S7S1D-3)?8C-A-E\P8C(R9#9A8S4X
V
-



M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$





]
M



#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*






'!X.R!W


X
C$Q.R!04D]625-)3TX@1D]2($E.0T]-12!4

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97

#`P
M

T0G9F]N=#H@


P
#`P
#`[('1E

'!X.R!L971T97(M


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U


M/B8C

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O


M:7IE.B`Q


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B






M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R
M.B`C
#`P


M




T1B;W1T


T0G

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V




3!P=#LG/C(P
3


M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=UF86UI




M9VX]


#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@<FEG:'0[('9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N

M=&EM97



38P.SPO






M8V5E9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]


L
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F

#L\+W1D


6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-G!X.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K

38P









M='1O;3XF(S$V





M

M

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M
M9F%M:6QY.B`G7<L(%PG=&EM97

M9'1H.B`Q-G!X.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

P
#`P



M+6-O;&]R.B`C
#`P





M='1O;3XF(S$V









M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G7<L(%PG=&EM97


M8F]T=&]M/B8C





M/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





T1B;W1T;VT@


T0G=VED



#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW


@;F5W(')O;6%N


P
#`P










M.B`Q





C`Q



'!X.R!L


'!T.R!W;W)D


#L\+V1I

P
#`P


M9VX]



38P.SPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R

#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T
M:#H@





C`Q
M
SPO9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

3$Y
7!X.R!V



M97)A;!I;F-O;64@=&%X97,@870@,S0E/]D:78^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T



M)RP@=&EM97





@


M86QI9VX]



#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@<FEG:'0[('9E<G1I8V%L+6%L

M(%PG=&EM97


T0G




@;F5W(')O;6%N


T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M-#PO9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M




38P.SPO=&0^#0H\








T0G




@;F5W(')O;6%N


T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N

M;&4]

M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N


M96YS97
@86YD(&-R961I='

T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M(V9F9F9F9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

M)R!V86QI9VX]





M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



38P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

M





M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V





3!P=#LG/C@P.PT,#(\+V1I=CX-CPO=&0^




M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
35P
6QE.B!S;VQI9#L@8F%C:V=R
M;W5N9UC;VQO<CH@(V-C965F9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\

P
#`P



#

T1B;W1T;VT@

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D




#L\+W1D/@T*






M




M


P
#`P

M='1O;2US='EL93H@9&]U8FQE.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F



#`P
#`P




T0G=VED



P
#`P

M+6EN9&5N=#H@




M;&]R.B`C
#`P



M9&EF9F5R96YC97



38P.SPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG('9A


'!T


M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B

M;&4]


M
T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-


#`P
#`P


T0R/@T*/&1I









M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V



3!P=#LG/C(P
3

M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`^)B

T0G


M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI
M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T


M
T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C

CX-CQD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

M;VT[)R!V86QI9VX]

38P.SPO



@;F5W(')O


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\9&EV('-T

M(%PG)RP@=&EM97







M8V5E9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@






3!P=#LG/C(T
BPS

M9VX]

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G7<L(%PG=&EM97


T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@






#L\

T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@







M1=W:61T:#H@,3$Y,7!X.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K




T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



M





@;F5W(')O




M



#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;2UW:61T:#H@






M=&EM97

2PP-S`L





M9F9F9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE
M.B!S;VQI9#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO<CH@(V9F9F9F9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V


P
#`P



@;F5W(')O;6%N














M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V


'!T




M+3PO9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M
T1N;W=R87`^)B

M


M:78^)B


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@




M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$V


T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M9F9F9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^







M


M965F9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V



M/B8C



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@



T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\




M9F9F9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE
M.B!S;VQI9#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO<CH@(V9F9F9F9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS


M93H@



3!P=#LG

M86QI9VX]

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\





#`P
#L@
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@



T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$T
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O

#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;2UW:61T:#H@






T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\9&EV
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G7<L
M(%PG=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N7<L(%PG)RP@=&EM97



38P.SPO












M/B8C




M;&5F=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UC

#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@-'!X.R!B;W)D
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M9F%M:6QY.B`G7<L(%PG=&EM97


P
M
#`P



















M=V%R9'


@


Q+`R,#$T(&%N9`R
#$S

M.3$@=&\@)#$L

T-B!I;B`R
#$T+CPO9&EV/@T*/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97
L

#`P


T0G9F]N=#H@


P
#`P

M+6EN9&5N=#H@



M=V%R9'




M(#(P
3



S$L(#(P
M
30@86YD(#(P
3

T0G9F]N=#H@

M




CEE7S)C
3-?-&0U
E]B
V$V7S!B
C)D-F%C-3@S



]
T1R97!O





]


M/D%$5D%.0T53($].(%)/64%








M(#4@)B
X
C$Q.R!!1%9!3D-%4R!/3B!23UE!3%1)15

M('1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@8V]L;W(Z(
P
#`P

M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@






#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N


M;65N=`H=&AE()




T0G
M9F]N=#H@





M=F%L=65D(&%T(0V,PY



#`@8F]X97



3
N(%1H92!
:6-E;G-E($%G






Q+`R,#$T+!T:&4@






M(&%F=&5R(#0L




M86YY)W

I(&%D:G5S


PP,#`L('1O
M(&$@;VYE+71I;64@;&EC96YS92!P87EM96YT+!W:&EC:!W;W5L9!N;R!L


#$T

M;'1I97

M97AT4&%R=%]C9#0Q-S(Y95\R8S$S7S1D-3)?8C-A-E\P8C(R9#9A8S4X
V
-








3XQ
B!-;VYT:'


2P@
C`Q

]

]
M



#`P
#`P.R!T97AT



M97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY.3U1%(#8@)B
X
C$Q.R!
14%315








3H@=&EM97


RPP



@;VX@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P


@96YD960@2G5L

2P@
C`Q-!A;F0@,C`Q,R!T;W1A;&5D(0U
PQ,34@86YD(0T-BPQ




@;F5W(')O


M8VEN9SH@




M;&4]

C`Q
R!A



3!P

Q+`R,#$T(&%N9`R
#$S
M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/G1O=&%L960@)#$L.#4P(&%N98C
38P.SQF;VYT('-T

M(%PG)RP@=&EM97

3(L-3`P

M;65S+!S97)I9CL@8V]L;W(Z(
P
#`P

M;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@






#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4:&4@


M960@87


RPW

M
2P@

T0G9F]N=#H@


Q-C`[








T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




M;&4]


M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B


M(%PG)RP@=&EM97
3H@=&EM97





M93TS1=W:61T:#H@,3,W.7!X.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B




T0R/C(P
34\+V9O;G0^



T0G


M=&EM97


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R

T0G


3


M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

T0G


M9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@





T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\9&EV('-T
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G7<L(%PG
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N7<L(%PG)RP@=&EM97


@

C`Q-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX-

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M

M;3XF(S$V


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\9&EV



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S

M9VX]

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G7<L(%PG=&EM97


T0G

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-F9F9F9F8[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T







M86QI9VX]


M)RP@=&EM97
3H@=&EM97


M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@
6QE.B!S;VQI
M9#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO<CH@(V-C965F9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V


P
#`P





T0G=VED



T1B


L







M


M.B`Q



P
#`P

M+6)O='1O;2US='EL93H@9&]U8FQE.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F



T0R/C$V+#@W

M9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]

38P.SPO


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C9#0Q-S(Y
M95\R8S$S7S1D-3)?8C-A-E\P8C(R9#9A8S4X
V




M97%U:78]


]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



]
T1T:#Y*
M=6PN(#




]





#`P


3L@15%525!-14Y4/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/@T*
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q





#L\



M

@;V8@=&AE(&9O

Q+`R,#$T(&%N9`R
#$S+B!$97!R96-I
M871I;VX@97AP96YS92!W87

3D@9F]R('1H92!Y

#$T(&%N9`R,#$S+!R97-P96-T:79E
M;'DN/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/@T*/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
W!X+VYO






T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O
M='1O;3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V


T1B;W1T;VT@



M
T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

CX-






M


#`P
#`P


T0R/@T*/&1I



MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!V97)T:6-A;UA

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@
G!X






M;&4]


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)R!V86QI9VX]



M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G7<L
M(%PG=&EM97

#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N
M9UC;VQO<CH@(V-C965F9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D



M+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

T0G9F]N


T1B;W1T;VT^



@;F5W(')O;6%N

3$L.#8P/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V


'!T



M9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]


L('-E



3$L.#8P



M:61T:#H@




M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC


S(\+V9O





M9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V


M9VX]



M97

C@L.3

M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N


M:61T:#H@




M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC




38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@







T0R/C0U+#4T
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I




M9'1H.B`Q

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G7<L(%PG=&EM97




#`P
M


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$T
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O

#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;2UW:61T:#H@



#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO<CH@(V9F9F9F9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]




M=&EM97


T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE.B!S;VQI9#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO<CH@(V9F9F9F
M9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V


P
#`P
#`[(&)O


M97









M
T0R/DYE=!;V]K(%9A;'5E/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S
#L@=F5R
M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO<CH@(V-C965F
M9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V




M


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-

M.B`C
#`P



M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!V97)T


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@







P
#`P

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93H@9&]U8FQE.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

T0R
M/C(R+#




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C9#0Q-S(Y
M95\R8S$S7S1D-3)?8C-A-E\P8C(R9#9A8S4X
V




M97%U:78]


]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M4D5

T0Q/C$R($UO;G1H






]




P
#`P

M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


3L@4D5
051%


M:68[(&-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@=&5X


38P.SPO9&EV/@T*/&1I=B!S='EL



#`P


M97(L(&EN('1H92!A;6]U;G0@;V8@)#$U



@;V8@)#
X+#
Y
B!A;F0@)#$L
#8S(&EN('1H

#$T(&%N9`R,#$S+!R97-P96-T


'!T



'!X.R!W:&ET92US


Q+`R,#$T(&%N9`R



CEE7S)C
3-?-&0U
M
E]B
V$V7S!B






]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^


]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#




]

M;&4]



#`P

3L@4D5
051%1!005)462!005E!0DQ%/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/@T*

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)RP@=&EM97

#`P

T0G9F]N=#H@


P
#`P

M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



M


@86YD

#@@86YD('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&UA9&4@

@;V8@)#
L-#

C`Q
RP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@;W=E
M9!A('1O=&%L(&]F(0R
2PP.#
@86YD(0R-PU

M-E\P8C(R9#9A8S4X
V




CX\

M


#$T/&)R



]
T1R





'!X.R!W:&ET






96YD97(B*2X@5&AE($QI;F4@;V8@0W)E9&ET('=A

M92`D
C4P+#`P




C`Q
RP@869T

M(#4N




C`Q
RP@=&AE(&QI;F4@;V8@




#$T(&%N9!*=6QY(#,Q+`R

C`X
M+#DP
2`S
M,2P@,C`Q-P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:&%S('!A:60@)#0Q+#`Y.2!I;B!P<FEN

N(%1H92!



T0G9F]N=#H@







#`L('=I=&@@




@;F5W(')O;6%N


M9SH@




M:68[(&-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@=&5X


38P.SPO9&EV/@T*/'1A8FQE('-T

M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@




6%B;&4\+W4^/]D

M;VT[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B


M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q




T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ


3!P=#LG/B8C


M(%PG)RP@=&EM97

Q
M+#PO9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]

@;F5W









3!P=#LG/C(P


M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@











T1B





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B



M)SXF(S$V

M;CH@;&5F=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^





3!P=#LG/B0R-3`L
#`P(&9A8V4@=F%L

T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@








M;&4]


T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



3!P=#LG/B0\+V1I


3!P=#LG/BT\+V1I=CX-


M/B8C

M.B`Q

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G7<L(%PG=&EM97


M(#
#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO<CH@(V9F9F9F9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V












M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@
G!X


M86QI9VX]











T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

C`X+#DP
3PO9&EV/@T*
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


T1N;W=R87`^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M8F]T=&]M/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
7!X
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@





M)R!V86QI9VX]


M(%PG)RP@=&EM97

97-S(&-U

M:#H@


M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I


38P.SPO

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R
M:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UC

#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@
G!X.R!B;W)D





M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V









M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G
M7<L(%PG=&EM97

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V


M

30R

'!T

34W+#@S
#PO9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M

M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@







MCPO='(^#0H\+W1A8FQE/@T*/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
W!X+VYO


'!X




M

3DY.P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@96YT97)E9!I;G1O(&$@;&EN

M(&-R961I=!L:6UI=!O9B`D-#`L


M

Q+`R,#$T(&%N9!*=6QY(#
Q+`R,#$S+!T





@;F\@=&5R;2!L:6UI
M=!O;B!T:&4@;&EN92!A;F0@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:7,@86QL;W=E9!T;R!D


M+R\O0SHO8V0T

F
Q
U\T9#4R7V(S839?
&(R
F0V86
U.#-C+U=O

O4VAE970Q-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

]

M04X@4$%904)

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M2G5L+B`S
2P@

]





#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS


T0G



M:68[(&-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@=&5X

M92UW:61T:#H@




#$T(&%N9!*=6QY(#,Q+`R
#$S+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DZ/]F

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97

#`P
M

M


'!X.R!L


'!T.R!W;W)D

T0P

M)R!V86QI9VX]


M(%PG)RP@=&EM97

#L\



[)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CY*=6QY(#

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B




T0R/DIU;'D@
S$L



MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!V97)T:6-A;UA




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A




M=&EM97

C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



T0R/C(P
3


M;&4]
T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V

M:61D;&4[)R!V86QI9VX]

'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=<)RP@



#L\+W1D/@T*

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B





M='1O;3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Q.3%P



3!P=#LG/CQF

M97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD
C4P+#`P








#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@<FEG:'0[('9E<G1I





T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@






[)R!S:7IE/3-$








38P.SPO=&0^#0H\


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G7<L(%PG=&EM97


M=&]B97(@
3@L(#(P
34N/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL

M







[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
C4L
M


#L\+W1D







[)R!S:7IE/3-$

M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N






@;F5W




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M

M;3XF(S$V


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\9&EV



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S

M9VX]

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G7<L(%PG=&EM97


M


2P@
M
C`Q


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\


















M97




M8V5E9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I


M36%R8V@@
3DL(#(P
30L(&EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@;V8@.4L(&UA='5R97,@
M;VX@1&5C96UB97(@,C8L(#(P,30L(&YE=!O9B!U;F%M;W)T:7IE9!D:7-C
M;W5N=!O9B`D
SDL

Q+`R,#$T(&%N
M9!*=6QY(#

M;&4]


#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@<FEG:'0[


M

M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@




M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC


M9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

T1N
M;W=R87`^)B

T0G



M
T0R/B0V
RPP

C`Q


2P@
M
C`Q


M8F]T=&]M/B8C




T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





T0G=VED=&@Z(#$V


T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE.B!S;VQI9#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO<CH@(V9F9F9F9CLG('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V


P
#`P



@;F5W





T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\




M=&EM97

M=&EB;&4@;F]T97


M97


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@







T0R/C4X





M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M

M




3$Y
7!X
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




#L@=F5R=&EC86PM
M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO<CH@(V9F9F9F9CLG('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V






[)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

M9'1H.B`Q-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M


38P.SPO




M9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@

M.B`Q



M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3$Y








M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@






T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD







#L\+W1D


M.B`C
#`P

M








M92!O9B`Q

@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@870@86YY('1I




T0G9F]N=#H@


P
#`P

M;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@





[
M)R!S:7IE/3-$


3@L(#(P
M
34N(%1H92!N;W1E(&)E87)S(&%N(&EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@;V8@
3`E('!E


M=&]B97(@
3@L(#(P
3




#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R



#L\+V1I



M-3`L

BP@
C`Q-2X@5&AE



M86P@:7
@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@870@86YY('1I;64@869T97(@3F]V96UB97(@
M
C(L(#(P
3





#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N





M+6%D:G5S=#H@;F]N93L@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[(UW96)K:70M




!W:&EC:!T












P@=VET:!T:&4@



M($-O;7!A;GD@9&5T97)M:6YE9!T:&%T('1H92!V87)I86)L92!C;VYV97)S
M:6]N('!R:6-E(&%N9!T:&4@9FQO;W(@97AC965D:6YG('1H92!A=71H;W)I





@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97

M(S`P
#`P

M:61T:#H@





M=6YT(&]F(0U,RPP,#`@=VAI8V@@=&]G971H97(@=VET:!A;GD@=6YP86ED



@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@:6YT;R!S:&%R
M97

3@P


M('!R:6-E(&-A;&-U;&%T960@87
@-3@E(&]F('1H92!-87)K970@4')I8V4L


@*&1E9FEN960@87



M('1H92!C;VYV97)S:6]N(&1A=&4@=VET:!A(&9L;V]R(&]F(0N
#`P
#4@
M87

M(#(P





#8@86YD(&$@9&ES8V]U;G0@
M;VX@=&AE(&YO=&4@;V8@)#0Y+#`Q
X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^#0H\9&EV('-T


#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@



#L\+V1I=CX-


M:7IE+6%D:G5S=#H@;F]N93L@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[(UW96)K




@8V]N=F5R
M=&EB;&4@:6YT;R!S:&%R97
@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&%T('1H92!H;VQD



M86)L92!C;VYV97)S:6]N('!R:6-E(&-A;&-U;&%T960@87
@-3@E(&]F('1H
M92!-87)K970@4')I8V4L('=H:6-H(&UE86YS('1H92!A=F5R86=E(&]F('1H

@*&1E9FEN960@87
@=&AE



#`P
#4@87



M(&EN('1H92!A;6]U;G0@;V8@)#0R+#4P







M960@=&AE(&9A:7(@;6%R:V5T('9A;'5E(&]F('1H92!D97)I=F%T:79E(&QI




#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N





M+6%D:G5S=#H@;F]N93L@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[(UW96)K:70M



SDV(&EN(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO


M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8V0T

F
Q
U\T9#4R7V(S839?
&(R
F0V86
U


M;G0]

2!R



M
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@



]

]



@;F5W







M
B`F(S@R


P
#`P

M;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@






#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

Q+`R,#$T(&%N9!*=6QY(#
Q+`R,#$S+!T:&4@

@-S4P+#`P

#$L(&%N9`U
M,2PQ-3$L-S8V(&%N9`R-2PP


T0G9F]N=#H@

'!X



BPT
CDL-34U('-H87)E








M+#8V-R!S:&%R97









#L\



M


@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97

#`P
#L@=&5X

T0G9F]N=#H@


P
#`P

M;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@













N(%1H92!P=7)C:&%S




T0G9F]N=#H@







B



@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


#`P

M
T0G9F]N=#H@


P
#`P

M=#H@



T0R/E1H92!N=6UB97(@;V8@








M36%Y(#



M=7)C:&%S92!A9W)E96UE;G0N/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/@T*/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q






@;F5W








T0G9F]N=#H@
M





M9&5N=#H@


M.B`Q




M=&EM97

M

3!P
M=#LG/B8C






M=CXF(S$V







M/&1I=CXF(S$V






@=&\@4V]U=&AR:61G93L\+V9O

3AP=#LG

M=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$



Q.#

@;F5W








M;VUM:7-S:6]N(&YO(&5V96YT('1H870@:&%D(&]R(&ES(')E87-O;F%B;'D@

@


M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


[)R!S:7IE/3-$

M

Q.#


M:&%R97



#`P
#`P.R!T97AT


M




#`P




M=7)C:&%S92!!9W)E96UE;G0@;W(@=&AE(%)E9VES=')A=&EO;B!2:6=H='
@


@:6X@=&AE('!R;W-P96-T=7
@86-C;VUP86YY:6YG('1H92!R

M:&%R97






#L\+V1I



T0G


#`L





M8V0T

F
Q
U\T9#4R7V(S839?
&(R
F0V86
U.#-C#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V-D-#$W
CEE7S)C
3-?-&0U
E]B
V$V
M7S!B

3DN:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M

]
T1T



T1T;W`^







#`P

M
3L@1$52259!5$E612!

T0G
M9F]N=#H@






M12`Q
2DN($%S(&]F($IU;'D@
S$L(#(P


M


T0G9F]N=#H@

38P.SPO9&EV/@T*



#`P






M='

T0G9F]N=#H@

38P.SPO9&EV/@T*

M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@







Q+`R,#$S/]D:78^#0H\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\9&EV







M:#H@
3

M.B`Q


M8F]T=&]M/B8C






M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N


@:6YC;'5D960@:6X@
M96%R;FEN9W

T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V


M








T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\9&EV
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G7<L
M(%PG=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N7<L(%PG)RP@=&EM97



M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@
6QE.B!S;VQI
M9#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO<CH@(V9F9F9F9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V


P
#`P





M969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

3


M+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



M8F]T=&]M/B8C





38P.SPO=&0^






M)SY86QA;F-E(&%T($IU;'D@,S$L(#(P,30\+V1I=CX-CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@



M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N

M;&4]

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

M





M+!S97)I9CL@8V]L;W(Z(
P
#`P

M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@





M=#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@


M=&EC92!M;V1E;'


M;G




@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@
M=&EM97

#`P





M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


'!X.R`M=V5B:VET+71E






T0R/@T*/&1I



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=UF86UI


3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-CPO


7!X.R!V97)T:6-A
'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G7<L(%PG=&EM97

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U-7!X.R!V97)T


3!P
M=#LG/C(P






3H@)UPG+!<)W1I;65S(&YE








L('-E

M97














3!P=#LG/E9O;&%T:6QI









3!P=#LG/B4\






3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/@T*/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




M(%PG=&EM97






@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


#`P

M:61T:#H@



W!T.R!M87)G



M;B!A9&1I=&EO;B!T;R!T:&4@87-S=6UP=&EO;G
@86)O=F4L('1H92!#;VUP





M(&YO=&5S(&UA='5R97

M
C8L(#(P

#$U+CPO9&EV/@T*/&1I=CXF
M(S$V


CEE7S)C
3-?-&0U
E]B
V$V7S!B
C)D-F%C-3@S8PT*



]

M:60]


]
T1T
M:#Y*=6PN(#



]
M






#`P











#`P


T0G


T0G9F]N=#H@


M97






T0R


M
C`Q


T0G9F]N=#H@


P
#`P

M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@







'!T


M8F]T=&]M/B8C

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

#`P
#L@8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@


30^#0H\9&EV('-T
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=<)RP@






M


M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B


M(%PG)RP@=&EM97





M9VX]

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


M(&)O='1O;3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T








T0R/@T*/&1I=B!S='EL93TS



M


M;&4]
T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V

M;W`[)R!V86QI9VX]





M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B

M;&4]


M93H@
3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T


T0R/@T*/&1I=B!S



M86QI9VX]

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\





3!P=#LG/CQF;VYT('-T

[)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@<FEG:'0[('9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N

M=&EM97

M9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

T1N
M;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$T
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O












M)RP@=&EM97
3H@=&EM97




M93H@


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#`U.PU,S$\+V9O;G0^/]D




M









@;F5W(')O








[)R!S:7IE/3-$
M


38P.SPO=&0^







T0R/C4L


M(V9F9F9F9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T




M93H@


[)R!S:7IE/3-$


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V




3!P=#LG

M=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXM/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S



M='1O;3XF(S$V





[)R!S:7IE
M/3-$




T0R/D=R


38P.SPO



M(-C8V5E9F8[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S




T0R/C(U
RPR-C4\





M9F8[)PT*('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V


M86QI9VX]




M=&EM97

3`N-30\+V9O;G0^





M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@

M.B`Q






T0G








#L\

M9F9F9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I


M8F]T=&]M/B8C







T0R/C(Y

M


M;&4]


#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@<FEG:'0[


M

T1B;W1T;VT@


T0G=VED

M8V]L;W(Z(-F9F9F9F8[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-







M9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V


T1B;W1T



@;F5W(')O

M9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]

38P.SPO





3!P=#LG/CQF

M97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$




38P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

M




M



M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-


T0R/C$N





M8V5E9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@







38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0-
MB!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V


M9VX]



M97

38N




M9VX]


M=&EM97
3H@=&EM97

#L@
M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO<CH@(V9F
M9F9F9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V



3!P=#LG/CQF;VYT

[
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU
3




M;3XF(S$V







[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
2XS.3PO9F]N

M86QI9VX]

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\





#`P
#L@
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@



T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\9&EV



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S





T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U



#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@
M



M)R!V86QI9VX]






RXW
#PO9F]N

M86QI9VX]

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\




M)B


M/B8C




M('1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M


P
#`P







T1B;W1T


T0G



#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O


M=&]M+6-O;&]R.B`C
#`P


T0G

M9'1H.B`Q-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D



P
#`P

M+6)O='1O;2US='EL93H@9&]U8FQE.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E



T0R/C(L.#4X
M+#(P

M8V5E9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]

38P



M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-


M(S`P
#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@-'!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG
M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D







M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


P
#`P

M9&5N=#H@



38P.SPO9&EV/@T*/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

M(%PG)RP@=&EM97


#`P

M92UW:61T:#H@


@87)E
M82!F;W(F(S$V

M:7IE.B`Q

S$L(#(P
30@86YD
M(#(P
3







T1B
M;W1T;VT^#0H\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@






M86QI9VX]

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\

Q-C`[

M9&QE.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]

@


T0R/C(P
30\

P
#`P


M


M=&EM97

C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ('1O


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A







M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

T0G=F5R

M


M

M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V





M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@









39P

M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@



M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM











#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@<FEG:'0[('9E<G1I


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M



T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$T
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI






T0G=VED=&@Z(#@Q-7!X.R!V97)T





M;&4]


#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@<FEG:'0[





T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V


M9VX]



M97



M/B8C





@;F5W




T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M



M)RP@=&EM97
3H@=&EM97


T1B

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R







[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY'


#L\







[)R!S:7IE/3-$





M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@

M:7IE.B`Q




M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

T0G=VED








#L\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M('1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M
M9F%M:6QY.B`G7<L(%PG=&EM97


M9F9F9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@









M








#L\

T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@







M



M8V]L;W(Z(-F9F9F9F8[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-


T0R/BT\





T1B;W1T;VT^







T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V


M



@


M





@;F5W(')O

M;&4]


T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


#L\



M=&EM97
3H@=&EM97

M:#H@

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@



38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R


M/CPO9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M
T1N;W=R87`^)B

M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#@Q-7!X.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!V97)T:6-A




M;&4]




M(-F9F9F9F8[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S


#`P
M
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@
G!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7-T
#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@<FEG:'0[('9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I







M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@
G!X


M86QI9VX]




M=&EM97


M


M;&4]



#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@





M)RP@=&EM97
3H@=&EM97



M



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-F9F9F9F8[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UC;VQO

#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@
G!X.R!B;W)D97(M
#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@<FEG:'0[('9E<G1I8V%L+6%L

T1B



@;F5W

T1B;W1T;VT@

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D





38P.SPO=&0^#0H\







P
#`P




M
T0R/C$V+#


M/B8C




M;&5F=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UC

#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@-'!X.R!B;W)D


#`P
#`P






T0G9F]N

35P


M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B`T




#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@<FEG:'0[('9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N

M






M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M
6QE.B!D;W5B;&4[(&)A
M8VMG<F]U;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@






[)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXQ
#`N




3!P=#LG

M=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$


M.B`C
#`P








M('1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M








M

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&1I=CXF(S$V



M;W1T;VT[)R!V86QI9VX]

38P


T1B




P
#`P
#`[



'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=<


M93TS1#(^

M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`^)B



T0G


M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)R!V86QI9VX]

M/B8C

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!T;W`[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\9&EV/B8C
38P



3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/@T*
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A


M(&-O;'-P86X]


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)R!V86QI9VX]



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI
M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D

T1B;W1T


M)RP@=&EM97

#L\+V1I

M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M
T1N;W=R87`^)B



3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO
M9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G
M7<L(%PG=&EM97


T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@







T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^
#L@=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@<FEG:'0[('9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[(&)A8VMG

@;F5W(')O;6%N

M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N

M;&4]

M



M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

T0G


M)R!V86QI9VX]








3!P=#LG/CQF;VYT

[
M)R!S:7IE/3-$


#L\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




M;&4]


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M97






M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@

M.B`Q


M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


T1N;W=R87`^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M8F]T=&]M/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
G!X
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N

M;&4]



#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D

T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

T0G
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H



@;F5W

M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

P
#`P



#`P
#`P












#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;2UW:61T:#H@






M=&EM97
3H@=&EM97


M8V5E9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]

38P



M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-


M(S`P
#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@
G!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T
#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@<FEG:'0[('9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N

T1B;W1T



@;F5W(')O

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W


T0G=VED=&@Z



#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T
M:#H@

#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@<FEG


M9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]


L('-E




M86QI9VX]

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\




M)B


M/B8C




M('1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M


P
#`P







T1B;W1T


T0G



#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O


M=&]M+6-O;&]R.B`C
#`P


T0G

M9'1H.B`Q-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D










[)R!S:7IE/3-$

M-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!V


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\



T1B;W1T



@;F5W(')O

3`P+C`P/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/@T*/]T








'!X.R!W:&ET









@;F5W(')O



X)2!A;F0@-#8E(&]F('1O=&%L('-A
M;&5S(&%S(&]F($IU;'D@
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C9#0Q
M-S(Y95\R8S$S7S1D-3)?8C-A-E\P8C(R9#9A8S4X
V



M='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O



S$L(#(P



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^4U54T51545.5!%5D5.5%,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]



P
#`P

M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@





3$[(%-50E-%






#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N

2!A;65N
M9&5D('1H92!




M






P
#`P

M;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@











S$L-C(S


@;V8@8V]M




P
#`P

M;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@









T0G9F]N=#H@




M9GD[(&-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@=&5X



M9&ET:6]N86P@)#$U+#`P




@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


#`P

T0G9F]N=#H@


P
#`P

M;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@











M.65?
F
Q
U\T9#4R7V(S839?
&(R
F0V86

O4VAE
M970R
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O

S$L(#(P





M97
















M=61G;65N=X@36%N86=E;65N=!E=F%L=6%T97

M;F0@87-S=6UP=&EO;G


L(&EN8VQU9&EN
M9R!T:&4@96-O;F]M:6
@96YV:7)O;FUE;G0L('=H:6-H(&UA;F%G96UE;G0@
M8F5L:65V97








#`P




M($IU;'D@






T0G9F]N=#H@


P
#`P

M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



M

@:6YC;'5D92!A;&P@8V%S



Q+`R,#$T(&%N9`R


M;FET:6]N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=B!S



#`P



M.B`C
#`P




[)R!S:7IE/3-$


Q-C`[/&9O






[
M)R!S:7IE/3-$







M;&5S(')E='5R;G
@86YD(&%L;&]W86YC97




M97





P
#`P

M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@




M(&-O;&]R.B`C
#`P




[)R!S:7IE/3-$



@9G)O;2!T:&4@9&ES=')I8G5T

N(%)E



L(&%S
M('=E;&P@87






@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:6YC;'5D97
@=&AE('1O



















6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G7<L(%PG=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N



M(&1A=&4N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V]R9'




M;'D@
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3



M=&EM97




3H@=&EM97




M(&-O;&]R.B`C
#`P




[)R!S:7IE/3-$





]
T1P

]



#`P
#`P.R!T



M=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$





@
M;V8@)#$U-BPW

M9!*=6QY(#,Q+`R


M9VX]
T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='
@4F5C96EV86)L93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT








#`P








3(L
S@Y(&%S(&]F($IU;'D@
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

P
#`P
#`[

'!X.R!L971T




T0G9F]N=#H@


P
#`P

M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



M




M97%U:7)E;65N='
@8F%S960@;VX@;6%R:V5T(&-O;F1I=&EO;G


M='



M96YT;W)I97


N)B

@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


#`P


38P.SPO

#`E.R!T97AT+71R86YS





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V


T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@

T0G

M8F]T=&]M/B8C

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI





M;VYT/CPO9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


'!T


M;&EG;CH@;6ED9&QE.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!B


T0R/@T*/&1I=B!S

M(%PG=&EM97



38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&UI9&1L93L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@
G!X.R!B




M('1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M


M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)R!V86QI9VX]



M9'1H.B`Q


M=&EM97







M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M('1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M

T0G


T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




[)R!S:7IE
M/3-$





T0R/C

SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX-


M/B8C

M.B`Q

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G7<L(%PG=&EM97

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-G!X.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!V97)T:6-A

P
#`P


M;3XF(S$V


P
#`P





M



T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE.B!S;VQI9#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO<CH@
M(V9F9F9F9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

P
#`P
M


M(%PG=&EM97




M86QI9VX]


M)RP@=&EM97
3H@=&EM97



38P







T0R/C(W
2PY





M8V5E9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@




6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-7!X.R!T

3$Y
7!X.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!V97)T







M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-F9F9F9F8[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UC;VQO

#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@
G!X.R!B;W)D97(M
#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@<FEG:'0[('9E<G1I8V%L+6%L

T1B



@;F5W

T1B;W1T;VT@


T0G=VED



#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW
M:61T:#H@




M9F9F9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]


L




M)R!V86QI9VX]

38P.SPO=&0^



'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G
M7<L(%PG=&EM97


P
#`P

M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93H@9&]U8FQE.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C

T0R/B0\
#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@<FEG:'0[('9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[







M=&]M/B8C






M;&4]


T1B



@;F5W



T1B



]


]



#`P
#`P

M+7-P86-E.B!N;W)M86P[(UW96)K:70M=&5X=US=')O:V4M=VED=&@Z(#!P

M86XL=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$



M







C4P+#`P

@:6X@:&EG
M:!Q=6%L:71Y(&9I;F%N8VEA;!I;G-T:71U=&EO;G
N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY


C`Q
RX\


M



'!X.R!W:&ET


@;F5W(')O









T0G9F]N=#H@
M





M9&5N=#H@


M.B`Q





#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@
G!X.R!B;W)D97(M

@;F5W(')O



#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;2UW:61T:#H@






#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;2UW:61T:#H@



M;&4]
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G7<L(%PG=&EM97
@;F5W



M:7IE.B`Q





M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


T0G


3!P
M=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@












[)R!S:7IE/3-$










'!T


\+V9O
#L@
M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ('1O<#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO<CH@(V9F9F9F







@





@;F5W(')O;6%N


M9SH@


M=&EM97



V


@=VAE;B!I;F1I8V%T




@

2P@



T1T;W`^4F5S




#`P










#`P


3!P=#LG/E1H92!#;VUP86YY(&9O;&QO=W

M;G






M87-S=6UP=&EO;G
@8V%N(&UA=&5R:6%L;'D@869F96-T('1H92!F86ER('9A

P
#`P

M+6EN9&5N=#H@




M;&]R.B`C
#`P




[)R!S:7IE/3-$

















#`P




T0G9F]N
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G7<L(%PG=&EM97
@;F5W(')O



M(S$V


@;V8@82!C:&%N9V4@:6X@=&%X(')A
M=&5S(&ES(')E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@:6YC;VUE(&EN('1H92!P97)I;V0@=&AA





#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N

38P.SPO9&EV/@T*/&1I



#`P

@



M;VYS(&%R92!M96%S=7)E9!A=!T:&4@;&%R9V5S=!A;6]U;G0@=&AA=!I







M;&4]











#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS


38P.SPO



#`P




]

]



M9GD[(&-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@=&5X


M871I;VYS/]U/CPO9&EV/@T*/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T+VYO






@=7`@
M

C`Q



24@

S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
M
3



]
T1T97AT



#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\

T0G9F]N=#H@


P
#`P

M;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@








N(%-U8V@@=&%X97
@8V]L;&5C=&5D(&%R92!R96UI='1E













M




Q


M;V)S97)V86)L92!I;G!U='


M4T



@8F%S



M













T0R/DQE=F5L(#$@+2!1=6]T





[)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CY





#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@




P
#`P

M=#H@



M
#`P

M('=H:71E+7-P86-E.B!N;W)M86P[(UW96)K:70M=&5X=US=')O:V4M=VED


[)R!S:7IE/3-$


L('!R
M97!A:60@97AP96YS97

M(&%C8W)U960@;&EA8FEL:71I97

T0G9F]N=#H@

'!X






@


L(&%S('=E;&P@87
@87-S=6UP=&EO
M;G
@86)O=70@9G5T=7)E(&9I;F%N8VEN9W


M=!!8V-O=6YT:6YG(%!R;VYO=6YC96UE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q











30L('1H92!&
M05-(&%M96YD960@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9',@57!D871E(A!4U4I
M($%352`R
#4M-#`L(%!R97-E;G1A=&EO;B!O9B!&:6YA;F-I86P@4W1A=&5M



M+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q




@82!G;VEN


M('-T871E;65N='




@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&]N(&]R(&%F=&5R($1E8V5M8F5R(#$U
M+`R,#$V(AA;&P@;W1H97(@96YT:71I97
@:6X@=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!Y
M96%R*2P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:&%S(&%D;W!T960@=&AE(&YE=R!S=&%N9&%R

T0G9F]N=#H@


P
#`P

M;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M;F]R;6%L.R!M87)G:6XM=&]P.B`Q
G!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`Q
G!T



N($%L=&AO
M=6=H('!U8FQI8R!C;VUP86YI97



C`Q-B`H86QL(&]T:&5R



]

]
T1T97AT



#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N




@87!P

N

M;'D@
S$L(#(P
30L(&%N9!D;V5S(&YO=!H879E('1H92!R97%U:7-I=&4@





M95\R8S$S7S1D-3)?8C-A-E\P8C(R9#9A8S4X
V

M;G1E;G0]


M




3XQ
B!-;VYT
M:'

2P@


]


]


M9'1H.B`Q

3!P


T0G
M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
M

M)R!V86QI9VX]


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=F5R=&EC
M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N
M;W=R87`^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&UI9&1L93LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O






M;3H@




M=&]M+6-O;&]R.B`C
#`P


M(&-O;'-P86X]



T0G

M=&]M/B8C

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@



M.B`Q




M

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G7<L(%PG=&EM97


M;&4]



M


M:#H@

M.B`Q





M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@



M93H@


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/@T*/]T


T0R
M/C


T1B

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R




@


M+6)O='1O;3H@

P
#`P



M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!B





T0R/C(S
PX.#4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

T0G=VED


T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M('1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M









M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V








M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U








#L\+W1D/@T*







M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M
6QE.B!S;VQI9#L@8F%C
M:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO<CH@(V9F9F9F9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
M

P
#`P




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$V


T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE.B!S;VQI9#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO<CH@(V9F9F9F9CLG('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V


P
#`P



@;F5W





M)R!V86QI9VX]


M(%PG)RP@=&EM97
3H@=&EM97


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

T0G=VED


'!T



P
M
#`P





T0R/C(W
2PY-#$\+V9O


#L\+W1D/@T*


P
#`P
#`[









M+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

T0G9F]N
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`Q-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X




@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97



M)R!B;W)D97(]


M;&EG;CH@;6ED9&QE.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!B

'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@

M

M97

T0G=VED


M


[)R!S:7IE/3-$







[)R!S:7IE
M/3-$

#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI
M9VXZ('1O<#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO<CH@(V-C965F9CLG/@T*/&1I=B!S


M)W=I9'1H.B`X





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I




T0R/D]F9FEC92!&
#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ('1O<#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC





L('-E



3H@)UPG+!<)W1I;65S(&YE=R!R








M=&EM97


T0G=VED=&@Z
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G7<L(%PG=&EM97



'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G7<L(%PG
M=&EM97

T0G


3!P=#LG/CQF

M97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$


CEE7S)C
3-?-&0U
E]B
V$V7S!B
C)D-F%C-3@S



]
T1R97!O


3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

]



]



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T0G=F5R=&EC
M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M9VX]



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI
M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T


M
T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C



M('1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M

G!X



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V





[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR


#L\+W1D/@T*

M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT


M)RP@=&EM97
3H@=&EM97

M93TS1#(^
C`Q

M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`^)B

T0G







[)R!S:7IE/3-$


T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD







#L\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I






[)R!S:7IE/3-$

M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N



M9F9F9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@









M








#L\






@8VAA


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@



M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M









T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U



#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@
M



M)R!V86QI9VX]







M9VX]

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R




M=&EM97

T0G=VED=&@Z



#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T




T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$T
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

#`P
#L@8F]R


M97





M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
35P
6QE.B!D;W5B;&4[(&)A8VMG
M<F]U;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-F9F9F9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\9&EV



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S

M



@

T1B;W1T



]

M
T0G9F]N=#H@


P
#`P

M=#H@




#L\+V1I=CX-
MCQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
34V-W!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R






M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-CQD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

M;W1T;VT[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B


M97


P
#`P







M(V-C965F9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T




3H@)UPG


M;&4]


M('1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q










M(%PG=&EM97




M(&]F(&9E9&5R86P@8F5N969I=#PO9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@



38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R






M/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M=&]M/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
7!X.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C




M(%PG=&EM97





39P
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R<@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$T
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


T0G=VED=&@Z


T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M(V-C965F9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

M)R!V86QI9VX]







M9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]





M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
30R

'!T


T1B;W1T;VT@


T0G=VED

M8V]L;W(Z(-F9F9F9F8[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-




M


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\9&EV('-T
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G7<L(%PG
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N7<L(%PG)RP@=&EM97



T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE.B!S;VQI9#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO<CH@(V-C965F
M9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V


P
#`P
#`[(&)O


M97

M9'1H.B`Q-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M


38P.SPO




M9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@

M.B`Q


M(S$V


M8F]T=&]M/@T*/&1I=CXF(S$V

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@
6QE.B!D;W5B;&4[
M(&)A8VMG<F]U;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-F9F9F9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


#L@
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@<FEG:'0[('9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[(&)O


M/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO<CH@(V9F9F9F9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D97(M



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
7!X
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW


@;F5W(')O;6%N





T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@9&5F

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

'!X.R!L


'!T.R!W;W)D

T0P

M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\9&EV/B8C




T0R/DIU;'D@
S$L




T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q



@;F5W


MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!V97)T:6-A;UA

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@
G!X






M;&4]


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)R!V86QI9VX]





M='1O;3XF(S$V



M93H@


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR







38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

CX-CQD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^#0H\+W1D/@T*

M.B!B;W1T;VT[)R!V86QI9VX]

M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V


T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L


3$Y
7!X.R!V








M


M(%PG=&EM97

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

M




M/B8C






T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$T
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



M9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

T1N
M;W=R87`^)B

T0G







[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY!;&QO=V%N8V4@9F]R(&1O
M=6)T9G5L(&%C8V]U;G1S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL

M







[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS.2PW





M9F9F9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@








T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\




M=&EM97


M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@

M:7IE.B`Q


M/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


T1N;W=R
M87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
M
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O





T1B;W1T


L('-E




M9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@
6QE.B!S
M;VQI9#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO<CH@(V9F9F9F9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V


P
#`P









M:7IE.B`Q



M;3H@

P
M
#`P


M8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D97(M





T0R/B@R.30L-34U/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/@T*/]T




M.B`Q


M97


T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@






[)R!S:7IE/3-$








#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T



M)RP@=&EM97
3H@=&EM97




M93H@


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXM/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/@T*/]T





T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



















M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V


M


M:#H@
3$Y
7!X.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

T0G

M



#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;2UW:61T:#H@









M.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

T0G=VED


T1B;W1T;VT^



@;F5W(')O;6%N





[)R!S:7IE/3-$




M:#H@


M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I







M93H@


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXM/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/@T*/]T



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V



3!P=#LG/CQF

M97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL

#`P
#`P




M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO<CH@(V-C965F9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\+W1A
M8FQE/@T*/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

CEE7S)C
3-?-&0U
E]B
V$V7S!B
M






]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@




]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#







T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$








T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q




@;F5W(')O;6%N




MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,3,W.7!X.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@


T0R/C(P
M


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
7!X.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R





3
W.7!X.R!V97)T






T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@






3



6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-G!X.R!V97)T

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
30Q

'!T




3
W.7!X.R!V






T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

T0G9F]N


3
W.7!X.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!V






G!X

P
#`P
#`[


M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M











M
T0R/E1O=&%L(&QE87-E(&]B;&EG871I;VYS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/@T*/]T


#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D










M('1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M

T0G




CEE7S)C
3-?-&0U
E]B
M
V$V7S!B






]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@



]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@


]

M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@







T1B;W1T;VT^








T0G
M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS



M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

T0G



T0R/@T*/&1I

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE

T1B;W1T;VT@

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D

M.B!B;W1T;VT[)R!V86QI9VX]



M)SXF(S$V

P
#`P
#`[(&)O



'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=<)RP@

M/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M
M+6-O;&]R.B`C
#`P


M;'-P86X]



T0G=&5X


M9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]


L('-E





3!P=#LG/CQF

M97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ


#L\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I






[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
2PX-C`\+V9O




M93TS1=W:61T:#H@,3$Y,7!X.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B




T0R/D]F9FEC92!&=7)N


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\








T0R/C(X+#DS
CPO9F]N=#X\









M97

M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


T1N;W=R87`^
M)B

T0G=VED=&@Z

M


M


[)R!S:7IE/3-$



#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D






[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT-RPP









M97

M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


T1N;W=R87`^
M)B

T0G=VED=&@Z






[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY!
M8V-U;75L871E9!$97!R96-I871I;VX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^#0H\+W1D/@T*

G!X

P
#`P
#`[


M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M





T0R/B@W
2PT






[)R!S:7IE/3-$


#L\+W1D/@T*




3!P

M86XL=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-C
L.3DW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/@T*/]T




M.B`Q

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G7<L(%PG=&EM97

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-G!X.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!V97)T:6-A

P
#`P














M8V5E9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE
M.B!D;W5B;&4[(&)A8VMG<F]U;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]
M



@

M8V5E9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]


L



C(L
M
S




F
Q
U\T9#4R7V(S839?
&(R
M
F0V86
U.#-C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V-D-#$W
M
CEE7S)C
3-?-&0U
E]B
V$V7S!B

M965T

M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@


]



M9SY




]

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P


M/3-$



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&UI9&1L93LG('9A


'!T



M(&-O;'-P86X]




M)R!V86QI9VX]

38P.SPO=&0^


T1B;W1T;VT^






M
T0R/C(P

P
#`P


M)R!V86QI9VX]


M='1O;3H@


M('1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



M
3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT


T0R/@T*/&1I=B!S

M(%PG=&EM97

M
T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-



M9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@










T0G=VED


T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





[)R!S:7IE/3-$
M







#L\





T0R/B0U

M;!O;B!-87D@,S$L(#(P,30N/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D


M=&]M/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
G!X.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R

#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T
M:#H@


M;&4]

M:61T:#H@


T1N;W=R87`^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M;&]R.B`C
#`P




M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM

#`P
#L-

M:7IE.B`Q



M969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

3$Y


M+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

T0G9F]N

M;&4]


#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@<FEG:'0[


T0G=VED=&@Z


T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M(V-C965F9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

M)R!V86QI9VX]










M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G7<L(%PG=&EM97



M

P
#`P
M


M=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T





T0R/C4Q+#`W

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W


T0G=VED=&@Z



#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T
M:#H@

#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@<FEG


M9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]


L('-E




M86QI9VX]

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\


'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G7<L(%PG=&EM97



M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z


@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@


M

M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@



T0R/B0\
#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@<FEG:'0[('9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[

@;F5W





CEE7S)C
3-?-&0U
E]B
V$V7S!B
C)D-F%C



]
T1R


@4$%904)

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S



M87EA8FQE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'1A8FQE

#`E.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@







T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q



@;F5W



3!P=#LG/CQF;VYT

[
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY*=6QY(#

M='1O;3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[




MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!V97)T:6-A;UA

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&UI9&1L93L@8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@
G!X






M;&4]


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)R!V86QI9VX]





M='1O;3XF(S$V



M93H@


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR





M;VT[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B


M=&EM97

#L\+V1I=CX-

M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`^)B




T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('-T


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G
M7<L(%PG=&EM97

#`@9F%C

C`Q
RP@:6YT97)E

4L(&UA='5R97,@;VX@4V5P=&5M8F5R(#(W+`R
#$U

T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@






[)R!S:7IE/3-$





T0R/C(U
PP,#`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T



M=&]M/B8C




@;F5W(')O;6%N

M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM



M/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


T1N;W=R
M87`^)B

T0G=VED

M


M


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD
3(U+#`P
!F86-E('9A;'5E+!I



T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@








M8F]T=&]M/B8C







M

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G7<L(%PG=&EM97



T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





#`\





M9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@
3H@)UPG





M:#H@
3$Y

M


#`@9F%C92!V86QU92P@:7-S

30L(#(P


S$L
M(#(P
30@86YD($IU;'D@
S$L(#(P
3
N/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-

M='1O;3XF(S$V





[)R!S:7IE
M/3-$



#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

T0G9F]N


3$Y







2P@
C`Q

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

T0G=VED






T0R/C$S+#DQ

M9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]

38P.SPO








T0G






@;F5W(')O




34L(&YE=!O9B!U;F%M;W)T:7IE9!D


M
#$T(&%N9!*=6QY(#,Q+`R

M9F9F9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE
M.B!S;VQI9#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO<CH@(V9F9F9F9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V


P
#`P



@;F5W(')O;6%N

#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R
M;W5N9UC;VQO<CH@(V9F9F9F9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
35P


M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B`R

M8V]L;W(Z(-F9F9F9F8[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

M.B`C
#`P





T0R/BT\+V9O;G0^







X
C$Q

M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



38P.SPO

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R

T0G

M:61T:#H@

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@



38P.SPO=&0^#0H\

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B

M;&4]




3!P=#LG/CQF;VYT

[
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY


T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE.B!S;VQI9#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO<CH@(V9F9F9F9CLG
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V


P
#`P



@

#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO<CH@(V9F9F9F9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@


M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M


38P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@
G!X.R!B

T0G9F]N

35P
#L@=F5R
M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO<CH@(V9F9F9F
M9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B





3!P=#LG/CQF

M97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$


M9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]


L('-E





3!P=#LG/CQF

M97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU
C4L



M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V






M)R!V86QI9VX]











;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B]C9#0Q-S(Y95\R8S$S7S1D-3)?8C-A-E\P8C(R9#9A8S4X
V
O




]


T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]




]
T1R



]

@





T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

3


M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

T0G














M:61T:#H@
3

M:7IE.B`Q

3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX-CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED

M8V]L;W(Z(-F9F9F9F8[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-







T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\




M=&EM97










M;&4]


M('1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M

M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,3,W.7!X.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@;6ED9&QE.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F




M9F9F9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE
M.B!S;VQI9#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO<CH@(V9F9F9F9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V


P
#`P



@;F5W(')O;6%N

M



T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\9&EV('-T
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G7<L(%PG
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N7<L(%PG)RP@=&EM97



T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M(V-C965F9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\







[)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CY86QA;F-E(&%T($IU;'D@,S$L(#(P,30\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^#0H\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I






[)R!S:7IE/3-$



]



M(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


'!X.R`M=V5B:VET


M:6YG/3-$

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G7<L
M(%PG=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N7<L(%PG)RP@=&EM97



'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@

T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#8V
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G7<L
M(%PG=&EM97





#`P
#L@8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@

M;VQI9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]

@;F5W(')O;6%N

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#8V
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY
M.B`G7<L(%PG=&EM97






'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G7<L(%PG=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
'!X.R!V

T0R/BXR
M
2TU




M






T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ


3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


T0G

@




M
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G7<L(%PG=&EM97


M




3!P=#LG/B8C
M
38P.SPO9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
















@



'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G7<L
M(%PG=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N7<L(%PG)RP@=&EM97


M97


M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

CEE7S)C
3-?-&0U
E]B
V$V7S!B
M






]

T1)1#!%2T@^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@


T0Q/C$R


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^



]




#`E.R!T97AT


M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



M(&)O='1O;3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T



M=&EM97



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M;3H@


L

M/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@

M;&4]


M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M9&QE.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]

@


T0R/C(P
3
\



T0G

M/3-$

MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

M(S$V

M;VT[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B


M+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q




T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM
M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R
M87`^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@


M;&4]






T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\9&EV('-T
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G7<L(%PG
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N7<L(%PG)RP@=&EM97


@


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

T0G=VED


M97


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

T0G9F]N





T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





39P

M;W=R87`]




M=&EM97


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@



M


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-


T0R/C(L
M
#4X+#4S

T1B


M


#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@<FEG:'0[('9E


CXW
BXP
M

T1B;W1T;VT@






@




M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N

M;&4]

M


T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

#L\+W1D



M97



M

T0G=VED=&@Z


T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M(V9F9F9F9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

M)R!V86QI9VX]















M97





M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
G!X.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R




M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



38P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

M


M


M;&4]


#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@<FEG:'0[


T0G=VED=&@Z


T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M(V-C965F9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

M)R!V86QI9VX]






CPO9F]N




M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`X







[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY-:61D;&4@16%S=#PO

M9F9F9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V


T1B



@;F5W

CDS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/@T*/]T


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

T0G=VED






T0R/C`N


#L\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




M;&4]



38P







T0R/BT\+V9O





T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\




M=&EM97


M8V5E9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V


T1B



@;F5W



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V




3!P=#LG

M=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$



M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V



3!P=#LG/CQF;VYT('-T

[)R!S
M:7IE/3-$




M;3XF(S$V






[)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

T1B

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R



T0G


3!P

M86XL=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$

M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

P
#`P



#`P
#`P





T0R/C4Q



#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

G!X.R!V97)T

P
#`P



M97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H




T0R/C(Q+C
Y/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS

#L@<&%D
M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ#0H@,G!X.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B

M




T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



M


T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@



#L@=F5R
M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO<CH@(V-C965F
M9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V




M


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-

M.B`C
#`P



M-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!V


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\



T1B;W1T



@;F5W(')O

3`P+C`P/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/@T*/]T







M;&5F=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UC

#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@-'!X.R!B;W)D
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M9F%M:6QY.B`G7<L(%PG=&EM97

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
7!X
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW


@;F5W(')O;6%N

M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C
M:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO<CH@(V-C965F9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M


M97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@<FEG





M

M9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]








#`E.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@




T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M

G!X.R!V



M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V




M

M;3H@




38P.SPO9&EV/@T*/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!V97)T:6-A



M/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@;6ED9&QE.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M
M+6-O;&]R.B`C
#`P


M;'-P86X]



T0R/C(P
3


M/B8C

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ('1O



#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B

M.B`Q


M=&EM97

T0G

M8F]T=&]M/B8C

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI





#L\+W1D/@T*

M)R!V86QI9VX]


M(%PG)RP@=&EM97
3H@=&EM97




M






T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$T
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






T0G






T0R/C$P
XP,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX-CPO=&0^









M=&EM97
3H@=&EM97




M


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
BPS


M(S$V


T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@






M965F9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^#0H\9&EV



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S




M9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@
3H@)UPG







T0G








#L\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




M;&4]



38P







T0R/BT\+V9O





T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\




M=&EM97


T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V


M



@


M





@;F5W(')O

M;&4]


T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


#L\



M=&EM97
3H@=&EM97


T1B;W1T


T0G

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T













@




M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V



3!P=#LG/CQF;VYT

[
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXM/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS



M(S$V






[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXM



#L\+W1D/@T*






[)R!S:7IE/3-$







M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

T0G=VED








#L\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M('1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M



38P.SPO



M(-C8V5E9F8[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S




T0R/BT\+V9O;G0^





M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@

M.B`Q





'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M
M:6QY.B`G7<L(%PG=&EM97



M=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T


M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@
G!X

T0G

M
#L@
M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO<CH@(V9F
M9F9F9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M
#`P


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$T
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@



M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C
M:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO<CH@(V9F9F9F9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M


P
#`P


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-F9F9F9F8[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M;&]R.B`C
#`P





T0R/BT\+V9O


#L\+W1D/@T*

G!X

P
#`P
#`[


M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M









M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D










[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-BPS-34\


#L\+W1D


P
#`P
M


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$T
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O

#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O


@;F5W

#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO<CH@(V-C965F9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]




M=&EM97


T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE.B!D;W5B;&4[(&)A8VMG<F]U;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E
M9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]


L('-E




T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\9&EV('-T

M(%PG)RP@=&EM97
3H@=&EM97


C(L
S
V/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL



M(S$V



#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D

P
M
#`P





T0R/C$P




M('1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M



]


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P
3H@)W1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;B<L('1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@

M

M;VT[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\9&EV/B8C





T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q


38P.SPO=&0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG('9A;&EG

CX-CQD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^#0H\

M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)R!V86QI9VX]




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\9&EV/B8C


Q+#PO


M='1O;3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[





M+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

[
M)SXF(S$V




M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!V97)T:6-A

P
#`P


M:60[)R!V86QI9VX]




M
C`Q


M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^
M)B

T0G=F5R=&EC

M;W1T;VT[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B


M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=F5R=&EC
M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N
M;W=R87`^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@








M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT






39P
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R<@









M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



38P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

M


T0G



M+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

T0G9F]N


M86QI9VX]




M=&EM97








T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M



M)RP@=&EM97
3H@=&EM97

M93TS1#(^.3DN-C






[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXE











M97



M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

T0G=VED








#L\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




M;&4]

M


T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

#L\+W1D



M97



M

T0G=VED=&@Z




T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE.B!S;VQI9#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO<CH@(V-C
M965F9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V


P
#`P
#`[


M=&EM97





M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M
6QE.B!S;VQI9#L@8F%C
M:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO<CH@(V-C965F9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
M

P
#`P




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$V


T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE.B!S;VQI9#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO<CH@(V-C965F9CLG('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V


P
#`P



@;F5W





M='1O;3XF(S$V







[)R!S:7IE/3-$



M(S$V

T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE.B!D;W5B;&4[(&)A8VMG<F]U;F0M8V]L
M;W(Z(-F9F9F9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]


M=&EM97
3H@=&EM97


T1B;W1T;VT^



@;F5W(')O;6%N

BPT
#(L-S8Y/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/@T*/]T



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V


M

P
#`P

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93H@9&]U8FQE.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

T0R
M/C$P

T0G=VED








P
#`P












T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U


T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE.B!D;W5B;&4[(&)A8VMG<F]U;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-F9F9F9F8[)R!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@



3!P

M86XL=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
#`N







[)R!S:7IE/3-$


F
Q
U\T9#4R7V(S
M839?
&(R
F0V86
U.#-C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+V-D-#$W
CEE7S)C
3-?-&0U
E]B
V$V7S!B

M971S+U-H965T

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$5$2$%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M

M(&-O;'-P86X]



T0R/C`@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@



]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#


M:6]N/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$


M86QI9VX]


\+W1D/@T*


]



]
T1T97AT


#`L


]
T1P

]
M
T1N=6UP/C0V+#4P


M



T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R(&]F(&-O;6UO



T1T;W`^
M3G5M8F5R(&]F(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!S:&%R97


]




M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8V0T

F
Q
U\T9#4R
M7V(S839?
&(R
F0V86

O4VAE970S
BYH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M1B!324=.249)0T%.5!!0T-/54Y424Y'(%!/3$E#2453(A$971A:6QS*2`H


M86QI9VX]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@



C




]
T1N=6UP/C(W



]







F
Q
U\T
M9#4R7V(S839?
&(R
F0V86

O4VAE970S
RYH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M62!/1B!324=.249)0T%.5!!0T-/54Y424Y'(%!/3$E#2453(A$971A:6QS

]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#
Q




]




]






T1T;W`^57-E9G5L($QI


]





]



]


]



]


M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8V0T

F
Q
U\T9#4R
M7V(S839?
&(R
F0V86








M86QI9VX]








S@L
C8S/'-P






M

M1&YU;7`^
3$R+#

]
T1P

@;V8@9F5D





]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#0L-S`V/'-P86X^

M871I;VX@;6]D96P@9F]R(&1E=&5R;6EN:6YG('1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F



T1T;W`^0W5S=&]M97(\



]
T1T




]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;B!R:7-K+!P97)C96YT


M


]



]

M;&EC:65S(%M



]




]




F
Q
U\T9#4R7V(S839?
&(R
F0V86
U.#-C#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V-D-#$W
CEE7S)C
3-?-&0U
M
E]B
V$V7S!B

S4N:'1M;`T*


M:G


M9#TS1$E$





]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#

]






]



]

]





]



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C9#0Q-S(Y95\R8S$S
M7S1D-3)?8C-A-E\P8C(R9#9A8S4X
V

V+FAT


M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13



M86X]

#$T

S$L(#(P
M
3


]



X+#4V

M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#4X+#

]

M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U+#8V






]
T1N=6UP/C$L.#0T/'-P





]
T1R974^#0H@



F
Q
U\T9#4R
M7V(S839?
&(R
F0V86
U.#-C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+V-D-#$W
CEE7S)C
3-?-&0U
E]B
V$V7S!B
C)D-F%C-3@S8R]7;W)K


M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$4U34%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\



]
M

]

]
T1N=6UP/C



T1T;W`^1&5P





]
T1R




]







;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C9#0Q-S(Y95\R8S$S
M7S1D-3)?8C-A-E\P8C(R9#9A8S4X
V

X+FAT


M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13




M(&-O;'-P86X]


]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#

]
M





]
T1N=6UP/C



]

]




]
M



]
T1N=6UP/C$L
M



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BPX
3(L
#`P




]




@

M



]

]
T1T:#Y$96

#$S/&)R/D=E;D5P:6
\8G(^4W5B

]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#`Q+`R,#$S/&)R/D=E;F5S87(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`Q.P@
C`Q


S$L(#(P
30\8G(^


#4L
M(#(P


#$S/&)R/D=E;F5S87(\8G(^1V5N17!I8SQB


]



]



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


3`P+#`P




]



]


]


M(#8P+#DP


]




]


]

]




]
M
T1N=6UP/C





]
M








]



M

]



V+6UO;G1H('1E

@=W)I




]



]
T1N=6UP
M/C$T


]
T1N=6UP/C(P



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^




]
M
T1N=6UP/C$T



]




]



M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


\+W1D



]



]


CEE7S)C
M
3-?-&0U
E]B
V$V7S!B







]


M+B`S
2P@

]



]


]

]





]
T1R

]




]



CEE7S)C
3-?-&0U
M
E]B
V$V7S!B






]

T1)1#!%6DQ!13X-B`@(`@(#QT

]




]


]
M







]










T1T;W`^1&%T92!O

#$S/'-P


]


]



96%S97
@6TQI


M9VX]

]



M97


L


M9#0Q-S(Y95\R8S$S7S1D-3)?8C-A-E\P8C(R9#9A8S4X
V

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4









]



]

]


M9VX]


]
T1N=6UP/C(R+#


]



]













]

]
T1N=6UP/C(X+#DS



T1T;W`^



]




@0F]O:R!686QU93PO=&0^#0H@












CXQ
B!-;VYT:'

M2G5L+B`S
2P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@

]
M





M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C9#0Q-S(Y95\R8S$S7S1D-3)?8C-A-E\P
M8C(R9#9A8S4X,V,-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8V0T
M

F
Q
U\T9#4R7V(S839?
&(R
F0V86

O





2!-;VYT:'
@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@




]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]




T1T;W`^4&5R8V5N=&%G92!O9B!I


T1T;W`^4&5R8V5N=&%G92!O9B!I;7!U=&5D
M(&EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@;VX@;F]T92!P87EA8FQE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




]






\

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#8S/'-P


]





M4&%R=%]C9#0Q-S(Y95\R8S$S7S1D-3)?8C-A-E\P8C(R9#9A8S4X
V



M/3-$240P14M.04

M05)462!005E!0DQ%(A$971A:6P@5&5X='5A;',I(A54T0@)D\8G(^/]S

M1#(^






]







M97

]
T1N=6UP/C(T+#4Q

]



]





T1T;W`^4F5P87EM96YT(&UA



M
F
Q
U\T9#4R7V(S839?
&(R
F0V86

O4VAE970T


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M3$E.15
@3T8@0U)%1$E4($%.1!,3T%.(%!!64%3$4@*$1E=&%I;'

]
M
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@


]




]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
C`X+#DP


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


2PP-S$\




]


#`P(&9A8V4@=F%L=64L(&-O










M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG)FYB





#$T/]T9#X-B`@



]


]
M



M8V0T

F
Q
U\T9#4R7V(S839?
&(R
F0V86
U.#-C#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V-D-#$W
CEE7S)C
3-?-&0U
E]B
V$V
M7S!B




^+RH@


M




M5!!3D0@3$]!3B!005E!0DQ%(A$971A:6P@5&5X='5A;'
I(A54T0@)D\

]
T1T:#Y*
M=6PN(#

M/D1E8RX@
#DL(#(P
3


M3%`@*)3;W5T:')I9&=E(BD\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^075G+B`R.P@
C`Q



S$L(#(P
30\8G(^3&]A
M;G


2P@

:6YE(&]F($-R

#$S/&)R/DQI;F4@;V8@0W)E9&ET/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

S$L(#$Y.3@\8G(^6FEO;G


]


]
T1T



M86QI9VX]


#`P/'-P86X^







]





]





]
T1T




]
T1T97AT




]




]




#`P


]
T1T

M/3-$=&]P/DUA='5R:71Y(&1A=&4@;V8@;F]T92!P87EA8FQE/]T9#X-B`@






]




]

]
T1T97AT


M;7`^




]




]
T1T97AT




]



]
T1P




]




]

]
T1T97AT







]

]




]











T1T;W`^3&EN97
@


]




]


M(#0L
#



]


CEE7S)C
3-?-&0U
E]B
V$V7S!B
C)D-F%C-3@S8PT*



]

M:60]


M/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*



M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]
T1N=6UP/C4R-2PP





]




M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T97


]
T1T97AT



]
T1T97AT


#$U/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]





M9VX]
T1T;W`^0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T97








C4L


]



]





]




]



C`Q-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]



]

M1&YU;7`^




]


]

:6YE($ET96US

]





T1T;W`^0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T97




T1T;W`^






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C9#0Q-S(Y95\R8S$S7S1D-3)?
M8C-A-E\P8C(R9#9A8S4X
V

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS









]
T1T:#Y*
M=6PN(#


]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#


M97





M
T1T;W`^3F]T92!P87EA8FQE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



]


]

3`N


]


]





]

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]




]

]








]


T1T;W`^0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T97
@






T1T;W`^3F]T92!P87EA8FQE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^36%T=7)I='D@9&%T92!O9B!C
M;VYV97)T:6)L92!N;W1E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X
M=#Y.;W8@,C(L#0H)3(P



]
T1N=6UP/C$P+C`P


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@




]

#$T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$


]



]





C`Q-#QS


]


M;VYV97)T:6)L92!N;W1E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

#`P






]



M9VX]




]



]



]





]

]
T1T






]




T1T;W`^0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T97


34\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@




]
T1N=6UP/C8S+#`P



]





T1T;W`^1FQO





]

]





]

M92!D87ES/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG
R!D87ES




]





M:'

M/3-$


#$T/&)R

S$L(#(P
3
\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q



3DL(#(P
30\8G(^0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T
M97






]

]




RPP





]


]






]





M97)S:6]N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]






BPU



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

M=6YT:6YG(&9E97

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$Y+#DP


]


@;V8@9FEN86YC:6%L(&EN

]
T1N=6UP/C$Y
BPS




]
T1N=6UP/C4V+#4Y


T1T;W`^56YA;6]R=&EZ960@9&ES8V]U;G0\


]



]
T1N=6UP
M/C0Y+#`Q

]




]
T1N=6UP/C@W+#
U


M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P

30L





]


M
CEE7S)C
3-?-&0U
E]B
V$V7S!B






]

T1)1#!%-D9!

]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!S
M:&%R97



#`P+#`P



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!P87(@







]



2PQ

M1&YU;7`^
C4L






]







]


M86QI9VX]



]
T1T97AT/B=4:&4@0V]M



M)W


]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C














@:6UM961I871E;'D@9F]L;&]W





]



]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3`L

XP,4\

M/DUA='5R:71Y(&1A=&4@;V8@;F]T92!P87EA8FQE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y-87D@


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B]C9#0Q-S(Y95\R8S$S7S1D-3)?8C-A-E\P8C(R9#9A8S4X
V
O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]




T0Q/C`@36]N=&AS

M1#4^

]
T1T:#Y-87D@
#4L(#(P
30\






]
T1T:#Y*=6PN
M(#


]


]





]



]



]






]






M





]
T1N
M=6UP/C4L



]



]

]
M






@;V8@:7-S



]
T1T




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C9#0Q-S(Y95\R8S$S
M7S1D-3)?8C-A-E\P8C(R9#9A8S4X
V



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13



]









]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!*=6QY(#



]
T1N=6UP/C$Y






]

M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8V0T

F
Q
U\T9#4R7V(S839?
M
&(R
F0V86

O4VAE970U-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7



]

M86QI9VX]


]







]


]







M;'5E(%M





T1T;W`^4FES


]
T1P










M;X@,S$L(#(P,30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@

]


]



F
Q
U\T9#4R7V(S839?
M
&(R
F0V86
U.#-C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V-D
M-#$W
CEE7S)C
3-?-&0U
E]B
V$V7S!B


M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



CX\

@24Y&3U)-051)

]


]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#
Q


:6YE($ET

]
T1T97AT



]


]



M($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(%M


]




]
T1N=6UP/C(L.#4X+#(P


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]N8V5N
M=')A=&EO;B!R:7-K+!P97)C96YT86=E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L

#`N




]



]

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^










]

]
T1T






]

XR,4\




]





T1T;W`^4F5V96YU93PO=&0^#0H@



T1T;W`^0V]N8V5N


]
T1N=6UP/C$V+C


]

]


M/E-E9VUE;G0@4F5P;W)T:6YG($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(%M
:6YE($ET96US73PO

]




]






]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C(Y


]



@?!2979E;G5E/]T








]

C$N

RXW


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B]C9#0Q-S(Y95\R8S$S7S1D-3)?8C-A-E\P8C(R9#9A8S4X
V
O




]



M($E.1D]234%424].($%.1!324=.249)0T%.5!#55-43TU%4E
@*$1E=&%I
M;'
@


]

]
M
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@


M:6]N(%M


]




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^17%U:7!M96YT/]T9#X-








]
T1N=6UP/C$V+#



T1T;W`^




]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


:6YE($ET

]
T1T97AT



]
T1N=6UP/C$P


#`N
#`E


]
M




M:6]N(%M


]


]



]



]
M




M:6]N(%M


]


]



]


M92!%87-T('P@17%U:7!M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$


]


]






]



M


]
M





M+U!A8VEF:6

]
M




M:6]N(%M


]


]



]


CEE7S)C
M
3-?-&0U
E]B
V$V7S!B







]

T1)1#!%

M2$E#($E.1D]234%424].($%.1!324=.249)0T%.5!#55-43TU%4E
@*$1E
M=&%I;'
@


]


]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#


M;6%T:6]N(%M



]



]
T1R:#X-

]


M9VUE;G0@4F5P;W)T:6YG($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(%M


]



]
T1N=6UP/C(L
M.#4X+#(P

]

#`N



]



]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L
SDS+#`W



T1T;W`^0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;B!R




]

M4F5P;W)T:6YG($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(%M


]







]


]



]



M


]




]


CEE7S)C
3-?-&0U
E]B
V$V
M7S!B






]


M24].($%.1!324=.249)0T%.5!#55-43TU%4E











T1T
M;W`^0W5S=&]M97(@0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;B!2:7-K/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



]


]




]

]


]


]



T1T;W`^4&5R8V5N

]
T1N=6UP/C$P


#`N
#`E/'-P86X^




]

]




]


]








]

M5&5X='5A;'

]

]

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/C`@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@

2!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

3XP($UO;G1H





M;F5S87(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
M
2P@






M87-S/3-$=&@^075G+B`R-2P@



]

]
T1T:#Y!



]






]



]




]




]
T1T97AT





]






]




]


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

]
T1T



]






]
T1N=6UP/B0@
30P+#`P
M

]
T1T






]


C4L




T1T;W`^4F5M86EN:6YG
M(&)A;&%N8V4@:6X@861V86YC97



]





]




]
T1N=6UP
M/C4Y-2PQ




]


]
M

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P




]



]
T1P


]





]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M

]
T1T




]
T1N=6UP/C$R+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#`P


]

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT




T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&-O;G9E



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@




]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?


F
Q
U\T9#4R7V(S839?
&(R
F0V86
U.#-C
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V-D-#$W
CEE7S)C
3-?
M-&0U
E]B
V$V7S!B



T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


T0B4VAE970P
2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970P-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#4N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T,#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`Y+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#$R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
RYH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
C`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Q
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#(T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
M-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C8N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970R.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M
CDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
P+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#,S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S-YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970S-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S@N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970T,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T-#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0R+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#0U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T-BYH=&UL

M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T-3
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4T+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#4W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U.YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970V

`
end











    
  
      

          

        

      










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        
        


        

442

319




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


Balance at July 31
 2013

















192
365










(14
458



























Balance at July 31
 2014






177
907







        
        





July 31














































































        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and a discussion of changes in valuation techniques and related inputs
 if any
 applied during the period to each separate class of assets
 liabilities
 and financial instruments classified in shareholders' equity that are measured on a recurring and/or nonrecurring basis.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        






July 31





July 31




































$250
000 face value
 issued on September 27
 2013
 interest rate of 10%
 matures on September 27
 2015.






250
000













$125
000 face value
 issued on October 18
 2013
 interest rate of 10%
 matures on October 18
 2015.




125
000












$150
000 face value
 issued on November 22
 2013
 interest rate of 10%
 matures on November 22
 2015.




150
000











$78
500 face value
 issued on January 14
 2014
 interest rate of 8%
 matures on October 14
 2014
 net of unamortized discount of $48
741 and $0 as of July 31
 2014 and July 31
 2013.




29
759











$53
000 face value
 issued on March 19
 2014
 interest rate of 8%
 matures on December 26
 2014
 net of unamortized discount of $39
087 and $0 as of July 31
 2014 and July 31
 2013.




13
913











$63
000 face value
 issued on May 15
 2014
 interest rate of 8%
 matures on February 2
 2015
 net of unamortized discount of $47
673 and $0 as of January 31
 2014 and July 31
 2013.




15
327
















583
999
















58
999











Convertible notes payable
 long-term






525
000
















        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 principal amount
 amortized premium or discount
 and amount of liability and equity components.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          







        
        


        

907




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 measured using unobservable inputs that reflect the entity's own assumption about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      










 2012



          



        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

000


        
        
        

				 2014


        

392

063
        


        

608

000
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the debt agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 due to related parties.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

INDUSTRY SEGMENT
 GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION AND SIGNIFICANT CUSTOMERS (Tables)

        

      






        
        


        
        






Years Ended July 31





















































1
594
361















2
058
531



















5
000




























253
265











226
424













































35
976











467
371
















513
874











105
874


















2
402
769















2
858
200














Schedule of equipment
 net
 by geographic area
        






Years Ended July 31





















































16
355















22
336








































































































































































16
355















22
336














        
        






























Years Ended July 31



















































2
393
071















2
847
652


















9
698











10
548















































2
402
769















2
858
200
















        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      


 2014

          







 2013





          



 2013





          



        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

000
000
        


        

151
766

005
544

500
000
        


        

151
766

005
544

500
000
        


        
        
        

005
544
        


        
        
        
        

994
800




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



 including the economic environment
 which management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Management adjusts such estimates and assumptions when facts and circumstances dictate. As future events and their effects cannot be determined with precision









 2014 and 2013




 sale of retail products


 Revenue Recognition
 and other applicable revenue recognition guidance under US GAAP. Sales revenue is recognized for our retail and wholesale customers when: (i) persuasive evidence of a sales arrangement exists
 (ii) the sales terms are fixed or determinable
 (iii) title and risk of loss have transferred
 and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured &#8212; generally when products are shipped to the customer and services are rendered
 except in situations in which title passes upon receipt of the products by the customer. In this case
 revenues are recognized upon notification that customer receipt has occurred. The Company accrues an estimated amount for sales returns and allowances related to defective or returned products at the time of sale based on its ability to estimate sales returns and allowances using historical information. As of July 31
 2014 and 2013



 distribution fees
 testing and labeling costs
 as well as any associated administrative fees. The Company recognizes these revenues after the product has been shipped from the outsource manufacturer to the trade partner. The Company has contractual obligation to pay the outsource manufacturers
 and as a principal in these arrangements the Company includes the total product price as revenue in accordance with applicable accounting guidance. The Company has separately negotiated contractual relationships with its trade partners


The Company recorded unearned revenue of $338
263 and $58
418 as of July 31
 2014 and 2013



 direct labor and overhead costs)
 shipping and handling expense
 insurance on inventory




708 and $50
284 during the years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013




 do not bear interest and do not generally require collateral. The Company adjusts credit limits based upon payment history and the customer's current creditworthiness. The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon a variety of factors. The Company reviews all open accounts and provides specific reserves for customer collection issues when it believes the loss is probable
 considering such factors as the length of time receivables are past due
 the financial condition of the customer
 and historical experience. The Company also records a reserve for all customers
 excluding those that have been specifically reserved for
 based upon evaluation of historical losses. The Company recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts of $106
617 and $112
389 as of July 31
 2014 and 2013



Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. The cost for inventories is determined using the first-in
 first-out method on the weighted average basis. The cost includes all expenditures incurred in bringing the goods to the point of sale and putting them in a salable condition. In assessing the ultimate realization of inventories
 the Company makes judgments as to future demand requirements compared to current or committed inventory levels. The Company estimates the demand requirements based on market conditions
 forecasts prepared by its customers
 sales contracts and orders in hand. In addition
 the Company estimates net realizable value based on intended use
 current market value and inventory aging analyses. The Company writes down inventories for estimated obsolescence or unmarketable inventory equal to the difference between the cost of inventories and their estimated market value based upon assumptions about future demand and market conditions.&#160;









































































































































 which potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk
 consist principally of cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 lines of credit
 and notes payable. Due to short-term maturities
 the carrying amount of these instruments approximates fair value. Our cash balances are maintained in accounts held by major banks and financial institutions located in the United States. The Company occasionally maintains amounts on deposit with a financial institution that are in excess of the federally insured limit of $250
000. The risk is managed by maintaining all deposits in high quality financial institutions. The Company had $0 of cash balances in excess of federally insured limits at July 31

































































 a loss is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair market value of the long-lived assets. Loss on long-lived assets to be disposed of is determined in a similar manner
 except that fair market values are reduced for the cost of disposal. For the years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013




233 and $44
706 during the years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013


The Company follows the provisions of ASC 718 which requires all share-based payments to employees
 including grants of employee stock options




 whichever is more readily determinable

 whichever is earlier.


The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities









 2014 and 2013




 2014 and 2013
 respectively. The loss of this customer would have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial condition and results of operation. There are currently five and&#160;three vendors that make up 70% and 81% of total purchases as of July 31
 2014 and 2013




 sales taxes are collected from customers. Such taxes collected are remitted
 in a timely manner
 to the appropriate governmental tax authority on behalf of the customer. The Company's policy is to present revenue and costs




&#160;requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy based on the level of independent








 such as cash and cash equivalents
 prepaid expenses
 deposit
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities



 contractual terms
 default provisions
 maturity
 risk free rates
 as well as assumptions about future financings
 volatility




 the FASB amended Accounting Standards Update (ASU) ASU 205-40
an entity's management should evaluate whether there are conditions or events
 considered in the aggregate
 that raise substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or within one year after the date that the financial statements are available to be issued when applicable). Although public companies are required to apply the new guidance to all reporting periods beginning on or after December 15
 2016 (all other entities in the following year)


 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) ASU 606 which superseded and replaced ASC 605-25
 Revenue Recognition: Multiple-Element Arrangements
 and most of ASC 985-605
 Software: Revenue Recognition
 which applies to all software and SaaS arrangements. Although public companies are required to apply the new guidance to all reporting periods beginning on or after December 15
 2016 (all other entities in the following year)



 the Company has negative working capital and insufficient cash flows from operation as of July 31
 2014
 and does not have the requisite liquidity to pay its current obligations. These factors
 among others
will seek to increase revenues and reduce costs
 while raising capital through the sale of its stock. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

056

713


        

885

764


        

941

477


        
        
        


        

941

477




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          







        
        


        

875


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        

875




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      










 2014








 2014








 2014

          



 2013

          



 2014



          



 2014



          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

429
555


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

852


        
        
        

500
000

500
000

429
555

800
        

667


        

852

000
        
        

430
        
        

875


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

500
000
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

412
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before forfeitures
 of stock or other type of equity granted of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

235

129


Accounts receivable
 net of allowance

879

107


        
        

750


        

516

674


        

254
        


        

941

477


        

825

137


PROPERTY &amp; EQUIPMENT
 net

355

336


        
        
        


        

000

000


        

180

473


        
        
        


        

890

496


        

098

911


        

999
        


        

071
        


        

907
        


        

083

514


        

608
        


        

263

418


        

235
919

339


        
        
        


        

000
        


        

830
        


        
        

000


        

918
749

339


        
        
        


Common stock; par value of $.001
 750
000
000 shares authorized; 51
151
766 and 25
005
544 shares issued and outstanding at July 31
 2014 and July 31
 2013
 respectively

153

006


        

337
911

271
519


        

757
633)

585
391)


        

368
569)

866)


        

180

473




        
          

        
          
            

 more than one year from the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding current portion. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 not otherwise specified in the taxonomy
 which is expected to be taken into income during the current period and current obligations not separately disclosed in the balance sheet (other liabilities
 current).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 expected to be settled within one year or normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth
 at the financial statement date. which are usually due within one year (or one business cycle).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding current portion.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 payable to related parties
 which are due after one year (or one business cycle).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of current assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Current assets are expected to be realized or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
        

208


        

083

514



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        

208


        

431

381




        
          

        
          
            

 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

172
242)

451)


        
        
        


        

772)

738


        

664)
        


        

458
        


        

396
        


        

000
        


        

442

319


        

852

000


        
        
        


        

664

444)


        

779

888)


        

536

259


        

845

919


        

346

858


        

360)

310


        
        
        


        

461)

662)


        

461)

662)


        
        
        


        
        

208


        

431)

381)


        

500
        


        

099)
        


        

000

290


        

813)

944)


        

642)

714)


        

412
        


        

927

541)


        

106

893)


Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Beginning of Period

129

022


Cash and Cash Equivalents
 End of Period

235

129


        
        
        


        

205

448


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

897
        


        

875
        


        

900
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 debt discount.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
(d)
(e)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding the portion taken into income
 in the liability reflecting revenue yet to be earned for which cash or other forms of consideration was received or recorded as a receivable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 other noncurrent assets
 or a combination of other current and noncurrent assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 accounts receivable and notes receivable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Payments for Advances from Affiliates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

INDUSTRY SEGMENT
 GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION AND SIGNIFICANT CUSTOMERS (Details 2) (USD $)

        

      










        
        
        


        

402
769

858
200



          

        
        


        
        
        


        

402
769

858
200


Concentration risk
 percentage
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        

393
071

847
652


Concentration risk
 percentage
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        

698

548


Concentration risk
 percentage
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Concentration risk
 percentage
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (US GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates and assumptions are based on management's best estimates and judgment. Management evaluates its estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis using historical experience and other factors
 including the economic environment
 which management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Management adjusts such estimates and assumptions when facts and circumstances dictate. As future events and their effects cannot be determined with precision
 actual results could differ from those estimates.


        
        



        
        
Cash and cash equivalents include all cash balances and highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less. As of July 31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company's cash balances were within the FDIC insurance coverage limits.


        
        

 sale of retail products
 and revenue derived from educational services.
The Company's revenue recognition policy is in accordance with the requirements of Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 605
 Revenue Recognition
 and other applicable revenue recognition guidance under US GAAP. Sales revenue is recognized for our retail and wholesale customers when: (i) persuasive evidence of a sales arrangement exists
 (ii) the sales terms are fixed or determinable
 (iii) title and risk of loss have transferred
 and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured &#8212; generally when products are shipped to the customer and services are rendered
 except in situations in which title passes upon receipt of the products by the customer. In this case
 revenues are recognized upon notification that customer receipt has occurred. The Company accrues an estimated amount for sales returns and allowances related to defective or returned products at the time of sale based on its ability to estimate sales returns and allowances using historical information. As of July 31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company calculated the amount to be less than 1% of sales so no allowance was accrued in either year. Shipping and handling fees and related freight costs and supplies associated with shipping products to customers are included as a component of cost of sales. Payments received before all of the relevant criteria for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as unearned revenue.

The Company also recognizes revenues from the distribution of its product through trade partners. Related revenues consist of product costs
 distribution fees
 testing and labeling costs
 as well as any associated administrative fees. The Company recognizes these revenues after the product has been shipped from the outsource manufacturer to the trade partner. The Company has contractual obligation to pay the outsource manufacturers
 and as a principal in these arrangements the Company includes the total product price as revenue in accordance with applicable accounting guidance. The Company has separately negotiated contractual relationships with its trade partners
 and under contracts with these trade partners the Company assumes the credit risk of product produced by the outsource manufacturer and dispensed to the trade partner.

The Company recorded unearned revenue of $338
263 and $58
418 as of July 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.


        
        
The Company includes product costs (i.e. material
 direct labor and overhead costs)
 shipping and handling expense
 insurance on inventory
 production-related depreciation expense and product license agreement expense in cost of sales.


        
        
The Company classifies expenses for advertising as general and administrative expenses. The Company incurred advertising costs of $156
708 and $50
284 during the years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.


        
        
Receivables from the sale of goods and services are stated at net realizable value
 do not bear interest and do not generally require collateral. The Company adjusts credit limits based upon payment history and the customer's current creditworthiness. The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon a variety of factors. The Company reviews all open accounts and provides specific reserves for customer collection issues when it believes the loss is probable
 considering such factors as the length of time receivables are past due
 the financial condition of the customer
 and historical experience. The Company also records a reserve for all customers
 excluding those that have been specifically reserved for
 based upon evaluation of historical losses. The Company recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts of $106
617 and $112
389 as of July 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.


        
        
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. The cost for inventories is determined using the first-in
 first-out method on the weighted average basis. The cost includes all expenditures incurred in bringing the goods to the point of sale and putting them in a salable condition. In assessing the ultimate realization of inventories
 the Company makes judgments as to future demand requirements compared to current or committed inventory levels. The Company estimates the demand requirements based on market conditions
 forecasts prepared by its customers
 sales contracts and orders in hand. In addition
 the Company estimates net realizable value based on intended use
 current market value and inventory aging analyses. The Company writes down inventories for estimated obsolescence or unmarketable inventory equal to the difference between the cost of inventories and their estimated market value based upon assumptions about future demand and market conditions.&#160;






July 31





July 31




























41
056







35
713










230
885





240
764










271
941





276
477





























271
941







276
477






        
        
Financial instruments
 which potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk
 consist principally of cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 lines of credit
 and notes payable. Due to short-term maturities
 the carrying amount of these instruments approximates fair value. Our cash balances are maintained in accounts held by major banks and financial institutions located in the United States. The Company occasionally maintains amounts on deposit with a financial institution that are in excess of the federally insured limit of $250
000. The risk is managed by maintaining all deposits in high quality financial institutions. The Company had $0 of cash balances in excess of federally insured limits at July 31
 2014 and 2013.


        
        
Property and equipment are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation and amortization are calculated using the straight-line method over the expected useful life of the asset
 after the asset is placed in service. Assets recorded under leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the lesser of their useful lives or the related lease term. The Company uses the following useful lives for its major classifications of property and equipment:



























































The Company periodically evaluates the carrying value of long-lived assets to be held and used in accordance with ASC Topic 360. ASC Topic 360 requires impairment losses to be recorded on long-lived assets used in operations when indicators of impairment are present and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than the asset's carrying amount. In that event
 a loss is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair market value of the long-lived assets. Loss on long-lived assets to be disposed of is determined in a similar manner
 except that fair market values are reduced for the cost of disposal. For the years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company recorded no impairment losses.


        
        
The Company expenses the costs of the development of its nutritional products during the period incurred. The Company incurred research and development expenses of $32
233 and $44
706 during the years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.


        
        
The Company follows the provisions of ASC 718 which requires all share-based payments to employees
 including grants of employee stock options

 including the expected price volatility. Changes in these assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate.

The Company records the stock-based compensation awards issued to non-employees and other external entities for goods and services at either the fair market value of the goods received or services rendered or the instruments issued in exchange for such services
 whichever is more readily determinable

 whichever is earlier.


        
        
The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities

 and the Company records a valuation allowance to reduce its deferred income tax assets when it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred income tax assets will not be realized.




        
        


As the Company has incurred losses for the years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013
 the potentially dilutive shares are anti-dilutive and are thus not added into the loss per share calculations.


        
        

 2014 and 2013
 respectively. The loss of this customer would have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial condition and results of operation. There are currently five and&#160;three vendors that make up 70% and 81% of total purchases as of July 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.


        
        
As a part of the Company's normal course of business
 sales taxes are collected from customers. Such taxes collected are remitted
 in a timely manner
 to the appropriate governmental tax authority on behalf of the customer. The Company's policy is to present revenue and costs
 net of value added and sales taxes.


        
        
ASC 820
&#160;requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy based on the level of independent
 objective evidence surrounding the inputs used to measure fair value. A financial instrument's categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. ASC 820 prioritizes the inputs into three levels that may be used to measure fair value:



Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity
 therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing.

The carrying amounts of the Company's financial assets and liabilities
 such as cash and cash equivalents
 prepaid expenses
 deposit
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities
 and due to a related party approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments.

The Company's Level 2 financial liabilities consist of the derivative liability of the Company's convertible promissory notes issued to investors. There is no current market for these securities such that the determination of fair value requires significant judgment or estimation. The Company used a multinomial lattice model which incorporates transaction details such as Company stock price
 contractual terms
 default provisions
 maturity
 risk free rates
 as well as assumptions about future financings
 volatility
 and holder behavior as of the date of issuance and each balance sheet date.


        
        

 the FASB amended Accounting Standards Update (ASU) ASU 205-40
an entity's management should evaluate whether there are conditions or events
 considered in the aggregate
 that raise substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or within one year after the date that the financial statements are available to be issued when applicable). Although public companies are required to apply the new guidance to all reporting periods beginning on or after December 15
 2016 (all other entities in the following year)


 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) ASU 606 which superseded and replaced ASC 605-25
 Revenue Recognition: Multiple-Element Arrangements
 and most of ASC 985-605
 Software: Revenue Recognition
 which applies to all software and SaaS arrangements. Although public companies are required to apply the new guidance to all reporting periods beginning on or after December 15
 2016 (all other entities in the following year)
 the Company has not yet adopted the new standard.


        
        

 the Company has negative working capital and insufficient cash flows from operation as of July 31
 2014
 and does not have the requisite liquidity to pay its current obligations. These factors
 among others
will seek to increase revenues and reduce costs
 while raising capital through the sale of its stock. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bonuses
 incentive awards
 postretirement and postemployment benefits granted to employees
 including equity-based arrangements; discloses methodologies for measurement
 and the bases for recognizing related assets and liabilities and recognizing and reporting compensation expense.
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f(1))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 provisions associated with inventories
 purchase discounts
 freight and other costs included in cost of sales incurred and recorded in the period. This disclosure also includes the nature of costs of sales incurred and recorded in the statement of operations for the period relating to transactions with related parties.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
              
 -Subparagraph i
 ii
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (b) the possible effects of such conditions and events
 (c) management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions and events and any mitigating factors
 (d) possible discontinuance of operations
 (e) management's plans (including relevant prospective financial information)
 and (f) information about the recoverability or classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts or classification of liabilities. If management's plans alleviate the substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern
 disclosure of the principal conditions and events that initially raised the substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern would be expected to be considered. Disclose whether operations for the current or prior years generated sufficient cash to cover current obligations
 whether waivers were obtained from creditors relating to the company's default under the provisions of debt agreements and possible effects of such conditions and events
 such as: whether there is a possible need to obtain additional financing (debt or equity) or to liquidate certain holdings to offset future cash flow deficiencies. Disclose appropriate parent company information when parent is dependent upon remittances from subsidiaries to satisfy its obligations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net realizable value)
 how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts
 when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized
 and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including its treatment of related fees and costs
 its treatment of premiums
 discounts or unearned income
 when accrual of interest is discontinued
 how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables.  If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans
 disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums
 discounts
 and nonrefundable fees and costs.
              
 -Paragraph 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

562)

328)


State income tax
 net of federal benefit

684)

661)


        
        

385


        

844
        


        

402

903


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        






July 31





July 31


































































































        
        



















































































































































        
        






July 31





July 31











































1
027
802







242
339










39
768





42
914











2
776





9
302





Less
 valuation allowance




(1
070
346







(294
555




































































































        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};











    
  
      

          

        

      






Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]
        


        
        

Health Education Corporation d.b.a. NutraNomics
 Inc.
 (the Company) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on February 14
 1996 and later reincorporated under the laws of the State of Utah on January 5
 1998. The Company was originally organized to provide education services
 books
 cassette tapes and public presentations. The Company utilized several revenue generating tools in order to accomplish this goal including Live Blood Analysis
 iridology
 bone density screening and other self-help methods. In 1998
 the Company changed its incorporation to the State of Utah
 the primary place of business. In 2001
 the Company created its own line of nutritional products that quickly became its leading revenue source. The Company filed for the d.b.a. of NutraNomics
 Inc.
 in order to fully prepare and utilize the brand name for expansion. In retail outlets and to its clientele
 the Company is known as NutraNomics
 Inc. The Company sells its own brand of supplements in 16 countries direct to the public. The Company also performs research and development services and outsource manufacturing for third party entities. Beyond its sales in both the United States and Canada
 the Company maintains sales representatives in Taiwan
 Japan
 Singapore
 Philippines
 Malaysia and South Korea. The Company maintains multiple different trademarks
 trade names and patents.



On September 13
 2013
 Buka Ventures
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation (Buka) and Health Education Corporation dba. Nutranomics
 Inc.
 a Utah corporation (Nutranomics)
 executed and delivered a Share Exchange Agreement (the Share Agreement) and all required or necessary documentation to complete a merger (collectively
 the Transaction Documents)
 whereby Buka became the parent company and Nutranomics became the wholly-owned subsidiary on the closing of the Share Agreement. Prior to the closing of this transaction and pursuant to a certain Share Exchange Agreement dated September 13
 2013
 Buka canceled 25
000
000 of its 46
500
000 issued and outstanding common shares and simultaneously issued 25
005
544 shares of its common stock in exchange for 8
994
800 shares of Nutranomics common stock. The merger has been treated as a reverse acquisition and a recapitalization of a public company. Accordingly
 the historic financial statements of the Company are the historic financial statements of Nutranomics
 which was incorporated on January 5
 1998.




        
          

        
          
            

 the major products or services it sells or provides and its principal markets
 including the locations of those markets. If the entity operates in more than one business
 the disclosure also indicates the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination (for example
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


Common stock
 par value (in dollars per share)
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000

000
000


Common stock
 shares issued

151
766

005
544


Common stock
 shares outstanding

151
766

005
544




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

Convertible notes payable consisted of the following as of July 31
 2014 and July 31
 2013
 respectively:








July 31





July 31




































$250
000 face value
 issued on September 27
 2013
 interest rate of 10%
 matures on September 27
 2015.






250
000














$125
000 face value
 issued on October 18
 2013
 interest rate of 10%
 matures on October 18
 2015.




125
000











$150
000 face value
 issued on November 22
 2013
 interest rate of 10%
 matures on November 22
 2015.




150
000











$78
500 face value
 issued on January 14
 2014
 interest rate of 8%
 matures on October 14
 2014
 net of unamortized discount of $48
741 and $0 as of July 31
 2014 and July 31
 2013.




29
759











$53
000 face value
 issued on March 19
 2014
 interest rate of 8%
 matures on December 26
 2014
 net of unamortized discount of $39
087 and $0 as of July 31
 2014 and July 31
 2013.




13
913











$63
000 face value
 issued on May 15
 2014
 interest rate of 8%
 matures on February 2
 2015
 net of unamortized discount of $47
673 and $0 as of January 31
 2014 and July 31
 2013.




15
327
















583
999
















58
999











Convertible notes payable
 long-term






525
000













On September 27
 2013
 the Company issued a convertible note to an unrelated party for $250
000 that matures in September 27
 2015. The note bears an interest rate of 10% per annum with a floor of $.005 per share
 and principal is convertible at any time after September 27
 2013 in part or in whole into shares of the Company's Common Stock using the average closing prices for five trading days directly preceding the conversion date. Interest is not convertible and is due upon conversion or at maturity date.

On October 18
 2013
 the Company issued a convertible note to an unrelated party for $125
000 that matures in October 18
 2015. The note bears an interest rate of 10% per annum with a floor of $.005 per share
 and principal is convertible at any time after October 18
 2013 in part or in whole into shares of the Company's Common Stock using the average closing prices for five trading days directly preceding the conversion date. Interest is not convertible and is due upon conversion or at the maturity date.

On November 22
 2013
 the Company issued a convertible note to an unrelated party for $150
000 that matures in November 22
 2015. The note bears an interest rate of 10% per annum with a floor of $.005 per share
 and principal is convertible at any time after November 22
 2013 in part or in whole into shares of the Company's Common Stock using the average closing prices for five trading days directly preceding the conversion date. Interest is not convertible and is due upon conversion or at the maturity date.

On January 14
 2014
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with Asher Enterprises
 Inc. (Asher) a Delaware Corporation for an 8% convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of $78
500 which together with any unpaid accrued interest is due on October 17
 2014. This convertible note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible into shares of common stock at the holder's option 180 days from inception at a variable conversion price calculated as 58% of the Market Price
 which means the average of the lowest three Trading Prices (defined as the closing bid prices) during the ten trading day period ending on the last complete trading day prior to the conversion date with a floor of $.00005 as stated in the conversion feature. In January 2014
 the Company received cash in the amount of $58
600
 with the remaining $19
900 being used for legal and accounting fees. The Company analyzed the note on the issuance date on January 14
 2014. The Company determined that the variable conversion price and the floor exceeding the authorized number of shares results in the need for bifurcation into a separate derivative liability valued at fair market value. On January 14
 2014
 the Company estimated the fair market value of the derivative liability associated with the bifurcated conversion feature to be $87
968 and a discount on the note of $78
500.

On March 19
 2014
 the Company entered into a
 convertible promissory note with KBM Worldwide
 Inc. (KBM) a New York Corporation for an 8% convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of $53
000 which together with any unpaid accrued interest is due on December 26
 2014. This convertible note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible into shares of common stock at the holder's option 180 days from inception at a variable conversion price calculated as 58% of the Market Price
 which means the average of the lowest three Trading Prices (defined as the closing bid prices) during the three trading day period ending on the last complete trading day prior to the conversion date with a floor of $.00005 as stated in the conversion feature. In March 2014
 the Company received cash in the amount of $24
487
 with the remaining $6
898 being used for legal and accounting fees. The Company analyzed the note on the issuance date on January 14
 2014. The Company determined that the variable conversion price and the floor exceeding the authorized number of shares results in the need for bifurcation into a separate derivative liability valued at fair market value. On March 19
 2014
 the Company estimated the fair market value of the derivative liability associated with the bifurcated conversion feature to be $47
806 and a discount on the note of $49
010.

On May 15
 2014
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with KBM Worldwide
 Inc. (KBM) a New York Corporation for an 8% convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of $63
000 which together with any unpaid accrued interest is due on February 2
 2015. This convertible note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible into shares of common stock at the holder's option 180 days from inception at a variable conversion price calculated as 58% of the Market Price
 which means the average of the lowest three Trading Prices (defined as the closing bid prices) during the three trading day period ending on the last complete trading day prior to the conversion date with a floor of $.00005 as stated in the conversion feature. In May 2014
 the Company received cash in the amount of $42
500
 with the remaining $17
500 being used for legal fees. The Company analyzed the note on the issuance date on January 14
 2014. The Company determined that the variable conversion price and the floor exceeding the authorized number of shares results in the need for bifurcation into a separate derivative liability valued at fair market value. On May 15
 2014
 the Company estimated the fair market value of the derivative liability associated with the bifurcated conversion feature to be $56
591 and a discount on the note of $56
591.

As of July 31
 2014
 the Company estimated the fair market value of the derivative liability to be $177
907
 with a change in fair value of $14
458
 and recorded $47
396 in amortization related to the discount on the note to interest expense. See note 13.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        

 INC.
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        

023
354
        


        
        
        

038
390


        
        
        
        


        

				 2014
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

As of July 31
 2014 and July 31
 2013
 the Company has 750
000
000 shares of common stock authorized with a par value of $.001
 and 51
151
766 and 25
005
544 shares of common stock issued and outstanding
 respectively.

During the year ended July 31
 2014
 the Company also issued 2
429
555 shares of Common Stock as share-based compensation to employees and non-employees valued at $807
852
 based on the market price of the stock as of the applicable measurement date. The Company also issued 1
500
000 shares of Common Stock as part of the Equity Purchase Agreement described in the following paragraphs for cash for $93
412. The Company also issued 716
667 shares of fully vested and nontransferable common stock as prepaid services over a six month period valued at $189
875 based on the market price as of the measurement date.



The Company entered into an equity purchase agreement with Southridge Partners II
 LP (Southridge) on December 9
 2013. Pursuant to the Equity Purchase Agreement
 Southridge committed to purchase up to $10
000
000 of the Company's common stock
 over a period of time terminating on the earlier of: (i) 24 months from the effective date of a registration statement to be filed in connection therewith or (ii) the date on which Southridge has purchased shares of common stock pursuant to this agreement for an aggregate maximum purchase price of $10
000
000; such commitment is subject to certain conditions. The purchase price to be paid by Southridge will be 90% of the average of the lowest three (3) daily volume weighted average prices for the Company's common stock for the ten (10) trading days immediately following clearing of the Estimated Put Shares (defined below) (such purchase price the Put Purchase Price) under the Equity Purchase Agreement.

The Company will deliver to Southridge
 simultaneously with delivery of a Put Notice
 a number of Shares equal to 125% of the Investment Amount divided by the closing price of the Company's common stock on the day preceding the Put Notice date (the Estimated Put Shares). The actual number of Shares purchased by Southridge for the Investment Amount shall then be calculated by dividing the Investment Amount by the Put Purchase Price. Any excess Estimated Put Shares shall then be returned to the Company.

The number of Shares sold to Southridge at any time shall not exceed the number of such shares that
 when aggregated with all other shares of common stock of the Company then beneficially owned by Southridge
 would result in Southridge owning more than 9.99% of all of the Company's common stock then outstanding. Also as part of the equity purchase agreement
 the Company issued a promissory note to Southridge for $50
000
 with 0% interest. This note matured on May 31
 2014
 and was not convertible into common stock. Finally
 as part of the equity purchase agreement
 Southridge is prohibited from executing any short sales of the Company's common stock during the term of the equity purchase agreement.






















if an injunction shall have been issued and remain in force
 or action commenced by a governmental authority which has not been stayed or abandoned
 prohibiting the purchase or the issuance of the shares to Southridge;




if the Company has not complied with their obligations and are otherwise in breach of or in default under
 the Equity Purchase Agreement
 our registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement) with Southridge or any other agreement executed in connection therewith with Southridge;














The Equity Purchase Agreement further provides that Southridge is entitled to customary indemnification from the Company for any losses or liabilities it suffers as a result of any breach of any provisions of the Equity Purchase Agreement or the Registration Rights Agreement
 or as a result of any lawsuit brought by a third-party arising out of or resulting from Southridge's execution
 delivery
 performance or enforcement of the Equity Purchase Agreement or the Registration Rights Agreement or from material misstatements or omissions in the prospectus accompanying the registration statement for the resale of the shares issued to Southridge.

The Company's registration statement with respect to 6
500
000 shares to be issued to Southridge under the Equity Purchase Agreement was declared effective by the SEC on May 5
 2014.&#160; As of July 31
 2014
 1
500
000 registered shares have been issued to Southridge under the Equity Purchase Agreement.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

402
769

858
200


        

655
580

211
702


        

189

498


        
        
        


        

231

238


        

708

284


        

890

994


        

233

706


        

566

075


        

664
628

297


        

917
439)

799)


        
        
        


        

664)
        


        

458
        


        

597)

652)


        

803)

652)


        

172
242)

451)


        
        
        


        

172
242)

451)


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

587
928

993
967




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before tax effects.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after income or loss from equity method investments
 but before income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 public relations
 and brand or product advertising.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 general and administrative expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions
 for example
 pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.2(a)
(b)
(c)
(d))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pension and post-retirement benefit expense or other labor-related non-salary expense. For commercial and industrial companies
 excludes any direct and overhead labor that is included in cost of goods sold.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

The Company leases a 3
000 square foot office in the Draper
 Utah that serves as its principal executive offices. The lease expires on December 31
 2014. Pursuant to the lease
 the rent for the fiscal years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013 totaled $50
115 and $46
140
 respectively.

The Company has three separate subleases for three rooms totaling 1




500
 respectively.

The Company leased certain machinery and equipment in 2013 under an agreement that is classified as an operating lease. The lease expired on July 15
 2013 and is now leased on a month-to-month basis. Rent expense under the operating lease totaled $4
346 and $3
717 at July 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.

The future minimum lease payments required under the operating leases as of July 31
 2014 are as follows:




Year Ended July 31

















16
875

























































16
875








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 capital and leveraged leases.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


 2013
 the Company entered into a License Agreement (the License Agreement) with Gennesar Nutraceuticals
 LLC d/b/a Genesar Nutraceuticles
 a Utah limited liability company (Genesar)
 in which the Company's CEO is a minority owner. Pursuant to the License Agreement
 Genesar granted the Company a worldwide exclusive license to all rights relating to
 and intellectual property regarding
 GenEpic&#8482;


 Genesar is entitled to receive 100
000 restricted shares of the Company common stock valued at $60
900 based on the market price on the date of execution
 which were issued on March 26
 2014
 a royalty fee of $4/box of 30 sachets of GenEpic sold by the Company beginning after 4
000 boxes have been sold
 and a payment of $200
000 for advances on royalty fees
 due by December 1
 2013. The License Agreement has an initial term of 36 months
 and will automatically renew for another 36-month term unless terminated by providing 90 days written notice to the other party prior to the end of the term. As of July 31
 2014
 the Company had paid $140
000 of the $200
000 prepayment of royalty fees
 which will be offset against future royalty fees incurred on products sold. Subsequent to July 31
 2014
 the Company amended the agreement to (1) remove the clause triggering royalty payments to begin after 4
000 boxes have been sold
&#160;of each month following the end of each of the Company's fiscal quarters
 (2) adding a minimum royalty payment of $25
000 per year
 (3) adjust the royalty fee to $5/box of 30 sachets of GenEpic sold by the Company from $4/box
 and (4) restructuring the advance of $140
000
 to a one-time license payment
 which would no longer be offset against future royalty fees incurred on products sold. As of July 31
 2014
 the balance of $140
000 in advances on royalties has been expensed
 and the Company had a remaining balance in advances on royalties of $0.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




July 31





July 31




























41
056







35
713










230
885





240
764










271
941





276
477





























271
941







276
477






        
        




























































        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
              
 -Subparagraph a
b
c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


 which consists of a derivative liability on certain convertible notes payable (see NOTE 11). As of July 31
 2014 this derivative liability had an estimated fair value of $177



 which was our only financial instrument measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant inputs other than level one inputs that are either directly or indirectly observable (Level 2) as of July 31





































































































































































 the Company also takes into consideration whether or not the Company would participate in another round of financing and if that financing is registered or not and what that stock price would be for the financing at that time. The Company will continue to adjust the derivative liability for changes in fair value until the notes matures on October 14
 2014
 December 26
 2014
 and February 2






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

Related party payables consist of payments made by a director through credit cards and use of a line of credit related used to pay expenses on behalf of the Company. During the years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013
 the officer lent $0 and $16
208 and the Company made payments of $3
431 and $7
381
 respectively. As of July 31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company owed a total of $21
083 and $24
514 in related party payables.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

INDUSTRY SEGMENT
 GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION AND SIGNIFICANT CUSTOMERS (Detail Textuals)

        

      


 2014

          



 2013

          



        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        


        
        

Property and equipment consists of the following as of July 31
 2014 and 2013. Depreciation expense was $7
442 and $8
319 for the years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.








July 31





July 31




























11
860







11
860










28
932





28
932










47
002





45
541










(71
439







(63
997














16
355







22
336








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


 the Company entered into a two year
 zero percent note with an 8% imputed interest rate with an officer
 in the amount of $150
000. The note is due on December 31
 2014. The Company agreed to pay royalty payments in connection with sales of a certain product line. The Company paid royalty payments of $38
392 and $1
063 in the years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013



 2014 and 2013
 the Company owed a total of $36
608 and $75
000 in principal in related party notes.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


 2012
 with an available $250
000 to be drawn on for one year
 not to exceed the principal amount (draw period). Once the draw period is completed
 advances will no longer be permitted and the Company shall repay the principal and interest outstanding
 over 5 years (repayment period). The repayment period begins August 28
 2013
 after which a minimum monthly payment amount will be determined. The initial interest rate is 5.210%
 and is variable. The variable interest rate is based on an independent index which is the prime rate as published each business day in the Money Rates column of the Wall Street Journal. Interest on the note is computed on a 365/365 simple interest basis
 using 1.960% points over the index. The Lender executed a commercial security agreement. With this agreement
 the Lender is entitled to a security interest in the Company's inventory
 chattel paper
 accounts receivable and general intangibles. In August 2013
 the line of credit was converted into a note
 and the Company is no longer able to borrow any additional funds. Under the new terms of the note
 the note has a face value of $250
000 that matures on September 1
 2018
 with an interest rate of prime plus 1.960%
 and as of the date of the note
 the interest rate was 5.21%. The note has minimum monthly payments of $4
745 which started on October 1
 2013. The balance outstanding on this note and line of credit as of July 31
 2014 and July 31
 2013 was $208
901 and $244
000
 respectively. As of July 31
 2014
 the Company has paid $41
099 in principal payments. The Lender allowed the Company to absorb a prior $50
000 note into this note
 not affecting the repayment date. The Company did incur issuance costs of $4
037



 2013
 the Company issued a promissory note to Southridge as part of an equity purchase agreement (the Equity Purchase Agreement) for $50
000
 with 0% interest. The note was issued in lieu of due diligence and legal fees. This note matured and was paid in full on May 31



 2014 and July 31
 2013

































































000 face value
 converted from a LOC on August 28
 2013
 interest rate of 5.21%
 matures on September 1























000 face value
 issued on December 9
 2013
 with no interest rate
 matured and was paid in full on May 31













































































 the Company entered into a line of credit with Zions Bank (Lender) with a credit limit of $40
000. The line bears a compounding per annum fixed interest rate of 5.25%. As of July 31
 2014 and July 31
 2013
 the Company owed $33
098 and $17
911 in principal
 respectively. The Lender executed a commercial security agreement. With this agreement
 the Lender is entitled to a security interest in the Company's inventory
 chattel paper
 accounts receivable and general intangibles. The Company did incur a setup fee
 which has been fully amortized. There is no term limit on the line and the Company is allowed to draw up to its dollar limit.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

263

418


        

708

284


        

617

389


        
        
        


        

233

706


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Concentration risk
 percentage
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Concentration risk
 percentage
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a valuation allowance for receivables due a company that are expected to be uncollectible.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 not otherwise specified in the taxonomy
 which is expected to be taken into income during the current period and current obligations not separately disclosed in the balance sheet (other liabilities
 current).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 identification of the award pricing model or other valuation method used in calculating the weighted average fair values disclosed. The model is also used to calculate the compensation expense that is shown within the balance sheet
 income statement
 and cash flow. Examples of valuation techniques are lattice models (binomial model)
 closed-form models (Black-Scholes-Merton formula)
 and a Monte Carlo simulation technique. Fair value is the amount at which an asset or liability could be bought or incurred or sold or settled in a current transaction between willing parties
 that is
 other than in a forced or liquidation sale. May include disclosures about the assumptions underlying application of the method selected.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000

000
000


Common stock
 par value (in dollars per share)
        
        


Common stock
 shares issued

151
766

005
544


Common stock
 shares outstanding

151
766

005
544




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


 2014
 the Company amended the License Agreement entered into on November 18
 2013
 between the Company and Genesar to (1) remove the clause triggering royalty payments to begin after 4
000 boxes have been sold
of each month following the end of each of the Company's fiscal quarters
 (2) adding a minimum royalty payment of $25
000 per year
(3) adjust the royalty fee to $5/box of 30 sachets of GenEpic sold by the Company from $4/box
 and (4) restructuring the advance of $140
000
 to a one-time license payment



 2014
 the Company issued a fourth put notice for 595
134 shares of common stock as part of the Equity Purchase Agreement in footnote 12 and issued an additional 4
866 shares related to the third put notice as required by the true-up provision in Equity Purchase Agreement
 receiving net funds of $31
623.04 from Southridge
 and subsequently issuing Southridge an additional 7
554 shares of common stock as true-up shares related to the fourth put notice on September 16



 2014
 Asher converted $15
000 of principal related to the January 14
 2014
 convertible note into 586



 2014
 Asher converted an additional $15
000 of principal related to the January 14
 2014
 convertible note into 810



 2014
 Asher converted an additional $12
000 of principal related to the January 14
 2014
 convertible note
 into 869
565 shares of the Company's common stock at $0.0138 per share. The remaining principal balance due after the conversions was $36
500.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        


        
        






July 31





July 31




























11
860







11
860










28
932





28
932










47
002






45
541










(71
439







(63
997














16
355







22
336








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

CONVERTIBLE NOTES PAYABLE AND LOAN PAYABLE (Detail Textuals) (Convertible notes payable
 Unrelated party
 USD $)

        
        

      


 2014

          











        
        


        
        
        


        

000
        


        

				 2015
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        






        
        


        
        
        


        

000
        


        

				 2015
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        






        
        


        
        
        


        

000
        


        

				 2015
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        






        
        


        
        
        


        

500
        


        

				 2014
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

741
        


        
        
        


        
        
        






        
        


        
        
        


        

000
        


        

				 2014
        


        
        
        


        

087
        


        
        
        


        
        
        






        
        


        
        
        


        

000
        


        

				02
				 2015
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

673
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the debt agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      


 2014



          







        
        
        


        

				 2014
        


        

115

140


        

000
        


        

500
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

850

500



          

        
        


        
        
        


        

				 2013
        


        

346

717




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          


          


          


          


          



Balance at Jul. 31
 2012

978

266
547

413
940)

415)


Balance (in shares) at Jul. 31
 2012

977
744
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        

972
        

000


        

800
        
        
        


        
        
        

451)

451)


Balance at Jul. 31
 2013

006

271
519

585
391)

866)


Balance (in shares) at Jul. 31
 2013

005
544
        
        

005
544


        
        
        
        
        


        

500

100)
        

400


        

500
000
        
        
        


        

500

912
        

412


        

500
000
        
        
        


        

430

422
        

852


        

429
555
        
        
        


        
        

158
        

875


        

667
        
        
        


        
        
        

172
242)

172
242)


Balance at Jul. 31
 2014

153

337
911

757
633)

368
569)


Balance (in shares) at Jul. 31
 2014

151
766
        
        

151
766




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        































































































































































































































































































































027




























































070










































































































The Company sustained net operating losses in 2014 in the accompanying statements of operations. No deferred tax asset or income tax benefits are reflected in the financial statements for net deductible temporary differences or net operating loss carryforwards
 because the likelihood of realization of the related tax benefits cannot be established. Accordingly
 a valuation allowance has been recorded to reduce the net deferred tax asset to zero
 and consequently there is no income tax provision or benefit presented for the fiscal years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013. The valuation allowance increased by $775
791 to $1
070



 2014
 the Company had net operating loss carryforwards for tax reporting purposes of approximately $2
812
000. These net operating loss carryforwards
 if unused
 begin to expire in 2023. As of July 31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company has no liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits. The Company's policy is to recognize potential interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits within income tax expense. For the years ended July 31
 2014
 and 2013
 the Company did not recognize any interest or penalties in its statement of operations
 nor did it have any interest or penalties accrued in its balance sheet at July 31



 2012 and 2011 remain open to examination for federal income tax purposes and by the other major taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

INDUSTRY SEGMENT
 GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION AND SIGNIFICANT CUSTOMERS (Details 1) (USD $)

        

      










        
        
        


        

355

336



          

        
        


        
        
        


        

355

336


Concentration risk
 percentage
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        

355

336


Concentration risk
 percentage
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Concentration risk
 percentage
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Concentration risk
 percentage
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Concentration risk
 percentage
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Concentration risk
 percentage
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Concentration risk
 percentage
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        





July 31





July 31


































$250
000 face value
 converted from a LOC on August 28
 2013
 interest rate of 5.21%
 matures on September 1
 2018.






208
901













$50
000 face value
 issued on December 9
 2013
 with no interest rate
 matured and was paid in full on May 31
 2014.





















208
901
















51
071











Loan payable
 long-term






157
830
















        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
  
      

          

        
        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Increase in Deferred tax asset
 Valuation allowance

791
        


Deferred tax asset
 Valuation allowance

070
346

555


        

812
000
        




        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

INDUSTRY SEGMENT
 GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION AND SIGNIFICANT CUSTOMERS

        

      






        
        


INDUSTRY SEGMENT
 GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION AND SIGNIFICANT CUSTOMERS
INDUSTRY SEGMENT
 GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION AND SIGNIFICANT CUSTOMERS



We currently sell and distribute our products four geographic regions: North Asia
 Greater China
 South Asia/Pacific
 Europe
 Middle East
 and Americas. The following table sets forth the revenue for each of the geographic regions for the years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013:









Years Ended July 31





















































1
594
361















2
058
531


















5
000




























253
265












226
424













































35
976











467
371

















513
874











105
874


















2
402
769
















2
858
200















The table below lists our equipment
 net

 2014 and 2013








Years Ended July 31






















































16
355















22
336






































































































































































16
355















22
336















The table below lists revenue generated by each of the Company's product lines during the years ended July 31
 2014 and 2013:








Years Ended July 31




















































2
393
071















2
847
652


















9
698











10
548















































2
402
769















2
858
200


















There is currently one customer that makes up 38% and 46% of total sales as of July 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













