

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001640334-15-000316
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20150930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20151113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20151113
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NUTRANOMICS
 INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001451433
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	DAIRY PRODUCTS [2020]
		IRS NUMBER:				980603540
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53551
		FILM NUMBER:		151230142
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11487 SOUTH 700 EAST
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84020
		BUSINESS PHONE:		801-576-8350
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11487 SOUTH 700 EAST
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84020
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Nutranomics
 Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130919
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NUTRANOMICS
 INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130919
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BUKA VENTURES INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20081205











    Document created using EDGARfilings PROfile 3.6.1.0
    Copyright 1995 - 2015 Summit Financial Printing





















































































































 former address and former fiscal year























 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; 












 if any





 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; 



 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company filer. &#160;See definition of &#8220;large accelerated filer&#8221;







 2015
 the last business day of the registrant&#8217;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter
 the aggregate market value of the registrant&#8217;s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately $515
376
 based upon the closing price on that date of the common stock of the registrant on the OTC Markets system of $0.0125.&#160; For purposes of this response
 the registrant has assumed that its directors




 2015
 the registrant had outstanding&#160;533
165
512 shares of common stock








































































































































































Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities











































































































































Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance









































Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence























































Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules















































































&#8221; &#8220;Risk Factors
&#8221; and &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.&#8221; These statements involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results
 performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results
 performances or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include
 but are not limited to
 the factors described in the section captioned &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; below. In some cases
 you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as &#8220;anticipates
&#8221; &#8220;believes
&#8221; &#8220;could
&#8221; &#8220;estimates
&#8221; &#8220;expects
&#8221; &#8220;intends
&#8221; &#8220;may
&#8221; &#8220;plans
&#8221; &#8220;potential
&#8221; &#8220;predicts
&#8221; &#8220;projects
&#8221; &#8220;should
&#8221; &#8220;would&#8221; and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect our current views with respect to future events and are based on assumptions and subject to risks and uncertainties. Given these uncertainties
 you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include
 among other things



































































 forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this report. You should read this report and the documents that we reference and filed as exhibits to this report completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. Except as required by law
 we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements publicly
 or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements












We were incorporated in the State of Nevada on March 15
 2007.&#160;&#160;We were incorporated to engage in the search for gold and related minerals.&#160;We were not able to establish mining operations and did not generate any revenues.&#160;We incurred losses since inception and needed to raise additional capital to fund our operations. Our sole asset was a 100% interest in the Sigatoka Gold claim located in the Republic of Fiji.&#160;We acquired the Sigatoka Gold claim for the sum of $5
000 from an unrelated third party on May 1
 2007. We were not able to raise the capital needed to carry out our business plan and then investigated merger and acquisition opportunities

 Salt Lake City




 2013
 we entered into a share exchange agreement with Health Education Corporation
 a Utah corporation (&#8220;Health Education&#8221;)
 and its shareholders.&#160;Pursuant to the terms of the share exchange agreement
 we agreed to acquire all 8
994
800 of the issued and outstanding shares of Health Education&#8217;s common stock in exchange for the issuance by our company of 25
005
544 shares of our common stock to the shareholders of Health Education. On September 19
 2013
 we closed the share exchange by issuing the required 25
005
544 common shares to the Health Education shareholders. Concurrently
 our former directors and officers
 Ritesh Chandra Singh and Ranjana Bharat cancelled 25
000
000 shares of our common stock. As a result of these transactions
 we changed our name to Nutranomics
 Inc. and had 46
505




 &#8220;we&#8221;
 &#8220;us&#8221; and &#8220;our&#8221; refer to the registrant
 Nutranomics
 Inc.
 formerly Buka Ventures Inc.
 a Nevada corporation
 from September 19
 2013
 and Health Education Corporation dba NutraNomics
 a 
 prior to September 19







 Health Education has become our wholly owned subsidiary
 and we now carry on the business of research
 development and sales of nutritional food products. Health Education was founded in 1995 by our Chairman of the Board of Directors
 Dr. Tracy K. Gibbs
 and by 1997 produced and branded its own product line. Since then
 we have formulated more than 480 nutritional supplements
 including formulating vitamin
 mineral
 herbal
 and probiotic supplements
 and we have expanded our own product range to include 14 separate products
 described below
 as well as an array of complementary services and education programs. To distribute our products
 we have engaged sales representatives 



 our operations have incorporated two recent important innovations
 one of which was developed by Dr. Gibbs: Nutritional Blood Analysis (NBA)
 which quantifies a customer&#8217;s nutritional profile from a single drop of blood; and the patented Assimilation Enhancing System (AES&#8482;

235





 and
 to our knowledge
 are one of the few supplement companies to exclusively use carcinogen-free 100%-pure cellulose capsules for our products. Despite these additional expenses


















 including several types of analyses
 trainings
 certifications
 and group presentations to individuals and industry professionals. Although our educational services are not directly responsible for any of our total revenues
















 multi-vitamin and mineral blend



















 Patent #6
864
231
 #6
942
856
 &amp; #7
138










 TiO2-free (free of titanium dioxide)














































 TiO2-free












































 Inc. (Patent #7
638
640
 #7
897
791
 &amp; #7
919









































 TiO2-free






































 TiO2-free








 treat







 live
 in real time. Using a single drop of blood
 a trained technician can pinpoint several nutritional deficiencies in a 30-minute to 1-hour one-on-one session with the customer. Nutritional Blood Analysis empowers customers to understand their own unique nutritional profiles and needs







 health store operators
 and individuals. The Company&#8217;s speakers and health educators have presented at numerous meetings and shows
 including women&#8217;s associations
 health shows

























 our commitment to the quality and consistency of our products is reflected in the selection of all aspects of production.&#160; All of our supplements are processed by manufacturers with which we have longstanding relationships. To our knowledge
 each follows the strictest Good Manufacturing Practices (GMPs) and quality controls to ensure purity in all of our products. We use facilities around the world to ensure that production will continue in the event of a disturbance in operation at any given location







 competitive nature of the nutraceutical market makes sales and marketing efforts within the sector largely relationship driven. We use a number of tools to establish and maintain these relationships with consumers
 including lectures
 blood tests
 internet questionnaires







 commercials
 and internet marketing to effectively saturate the market with their product name




 customers receive a 30-minute to 1-hour consultation and analysis of their blood. Upon completion of the session




 multiple times daily
 through Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Pinterest
 and other social media sites. Through this medium we are able to obtain referral customers
 new customers




 pricing updates







 with only approximately 163 retail stores out of thousands of health/food store outlets in the market carrying our products




 we have circumvented this channel and gone direct to retailers using the Nutritional Blood Analysis program.&#160; In addition to serving as a lead generator for the retail outlet
 the Nutritional Blood Analysis service is a profit center for our company. Not only does it have a high conversion-to-sale rate




 we believe that the educational component is critical to our long-term success. Not only does it provide customers with a true &#8220;value
&#8221; but it also enables participating retailers to differentiate themselves from competitors. Our marketing focus is on contrasting our products with our competitors&#8217; as we are dedicated to using all-natural ingredients and 100% carcinogen-free capsules. Once our representative has established a relationship with the retail operator
 our approach is to ask store owners to highlight the advantages of our product line&#8212;all natural
 the AES feature
 and carcinogen-free capsules&#8212;then encourage them to drop any product that cannot compare favorably with our products. This approach has proven effective







 with the majority of international sales generated in Japan and Taiwan. Our success in Japan
 one of the only regulated nutraceutical markets in the world
 has resulted in entry to neighboring Taiwan
 the Philippines
 Malaysia
 Singapore
 and Thailand. In July 2013
 the company hired a Sales Director to increase sales in Asia
 which increased sales in Cambodia
 Singapore
 and the Philippines. We also have sales in Korea
 Czech Republic
 Manila
 Sweden







 we can assist with the design
 production







 we have formulated products for numerous OEM clients
 including vitamins
 enzymes
 antioxidants
 minerals
 amino acids
 cosmetics
 and toiletries. In addition to the custom formulas we provide these clients













































 where the markets are still nascent and overall economic growth is expected to outpace that of the United States.&#160;&#160; We will be focusing our efforts on Malaysia
 the Philippines
 China
 Brazil



















 including internal research and development
 market trends
 customer demand
 third-party contract work




























 we believe it is important for them to supply their distributors with quality products and innovative marketing ideas. Many new and existing Multi-Level and Network Marketing companies may not have money to fund R&amp;D departments
 and most large contract manufacturers may rarely customize a formula for a small company. Without the ability to bring on new and unique products
 many of these companies may fail. For this reason
 our custom formulation services may be attractive for MLM firms












 the global nutraceutical product market reached $142.1 billion in 2011 and is expected to reach $204.8 billion by 2017
 growing at a CAGR of 6.3% from 2012 to 2017. Asia Pacific (including Japan) is expected to have the second largest market share after North America by 2017.


 the functional food and beverage market reached $93.0 billion
 registering a growth rate of 6.0% from 2007 to 2011. North America enjoyed the highest market share for nutraceutical products at $56.4 billion in 2011.


 functional beverages and dietary supplements. The global nutraceutical market is growing primarily on account of growth in the dietary supplement segment. North America has the highest market share for the nutraceutical product market
 which is primarily supported by the U.S. health-conscious consumers segment.




 respectively in 2017. The dietary supplement market will be the fastest growing market from 2012 to 2017 as it may help in improving the body&#8217;s ability to heal and protect itself. This report categorizes the nutraceutical market into six geographic regions
 namely North America
 Western Europe
 Eastern Europe
 Asia-Pacific
 Latin America







 highly fragmented and growing industry
 with no single industry participant accounting for a majority of total industry retail sales. We believe competition is based on price
 quality and assortment of products
 customer service
 marketing support and availability of new products. In addition




 which are highly fragmented in terms of geographical market coverage and product categories. We also compete with other specialty retailers
 supermarkets
 drugstores
 mass merchants
 multi-level marketing organizations
 mail-order companies
 other internet sites and a variety of other smaller participants. We believe that the market is highly sensitive to the introduction of new products. In the United States
 many of our competitors have national brands that are heavily advertised and are manufactured by large pharmaceutical and food companies and other retailers. Most supermarkets
 drugstores and mass merchants have narrow product offerings limited primarily to simple vitamins
 herbs and popular third-party diet products. Our international competitors also include large international pharmacy chains and major international supermarket chains




 better brand recognition and greater financial resources than we do.&#160; In order for us to successfully compete in our industry
 we will need to develop our brand
 leverage our management&#8217;s contacts and business experience to develop a wider customer base
 develop a comprehensive marketing system for retail clients




 there can be no assurance that even if we do these things
 we will be able to compete effectively with the other companies in our industry. As we are a relatively small company
 we face the same problems as other small companies in any industry
 including the lack of available funds
 lack of established distribution channels or large customer base. Our competitors may be substantially larger and better funded than us
 and have significantly longer histories of operation and development than us. In addition
 they may be able to provide more competitive products than we can and generally be able to respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in legislation and regulations relating to the industry. Additionally
 our competitors may devote greater resources to the development
 promotion and sale of their products or services than we do. Increased competition could also result in loss of key personnel
 reduced margins or loss of market share







We originally acquired the rights
 via license with our founder
 to US patent #7
235
We also have various trademarks and logo registrations in several countries (e.g.
 China trademark for NutraNomics logo
 application #9729947). &#160;

















 know-how
 continuing technological innovations and licensing opportunities to develop and maintain our competitive position. We protect our intellectual property rights through a variety of methods
 including trademark
 patent and trade secret laws
 as well as confidentiality agreements and proprietary information agreements with vendors
 employees




 2013
 we (Health Education) entered into License and Distribution Agreement with Nutriband USA
 LLC (&#8220;Nutriband&#8221;) to nonexclusively research and develop a dermal patch nutrient delivery system
 and exclusively license and distribute nutritional supplement dermal patches (the &#8220;Nutriband Products&#8221;) in the United States and Canada




 2013
 our wholly owned subsidiary
 Health Education
 entered into a License with Genesar Nutraceuticals
 LLC dba Genesar Nutraceuticles
 a Utah limited liability company (&#8220;Genesar&#8221;)
 wherein Health Education received a worldwide exclusive license to all rights relating to
 and intellectual property regarding
 GenEpic&#8482;
 a dietary supplement
 and Genesar was entitled to receive 100
000 restricted shares of Company common stock
 a royalty fee of $4/box of 30 sachets of GenEpic sold by Health Education beginning after 4
000 boxes of product had been sold
 and a payment of $160
000
 due by December 1
 2013. The agreement included Company exclusivity rights in a multitude of Pac/Asia countries
 as well as first rights of refusal to global distribution. The License Agreement had an initial term of 36 months
 with the term renewing for another 36-month term unless terminated by either party providing 90 days written notice to the other party prior to the end of the term. On August 5
 2014
 as we had only paid $140
000 of the required $160
000 payment to Genesar

 of each month following the end of each of the Company&#8217;s fiscal quarters
 (3) add a minimum royalty payment of $25
000 per year
 and (4) restructure the $140

 former CEO
 and current director
 Dr. Gibbs




 2015
 we entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with Nutriband&#8217;s owner
 Nutriband Ltd.
 an Irish private limited company (Nutriband Ireland)
 and its shareholders to acquire 100% of Nutriband Ireland in exchange for (1) the issuance of 3
172
554 shares of the Company's common stock to Nutriband Ireland's shareholder
 Gareth Sheridan




 2015
 our subsidiary
 Health Education entered into a Bill of Sale and Assignment (the Assignment) to purchase from Dr. Tracy Gibbs
 our former CEO and current director
 100% of his rights
 title and interest in and to the Assimilation Enhancing System (AES&#8482;) and related patent (US Patent Number 7
235
390) and intellectual property
 in exchange for the issuance of 44
117
647 shares of the Company's common stock. The Assignment terminated the AES License and Royalty Agreement between Health Education and Dr. Gibbs dated as of June 14
 2007




 2015
 the prior agreements between Heath Education and Genesar were superseded by a new license agreement between the Company and Genesar 
 wherein the Company received a worldwide exclusive license to all rights relating to
 and intellectual property regarding
 GenEpic&#8482;
 a dietary supplement
 conditionally based on the Company selling 10
000 units of GenEpic between the last quarter of 2015 and 2016
 20
000 units in 2017
 40
000 units in 2018
 50
000 units in 2019
 60
000 units in 2020 and 65
000 units ongoing annually from 2021 on. The Company agreed to pay Genesar a royalty equal to $6.50 per box sold by the Company with the exception of sales for clinical trials. The license agreement shall be perpetual except by mutual written consent of the parties




 15 or 20&#160;years
 depending on the country in which the marks are registered









 packaging
 labeling
 advertising
 promotion
 distribution and sale of our products are subject to regulation by one or more federal agencies
 including the FDA
 Consumer Product Safety Commission
 or CPSC
 and the U.S. Department of Agriculture
 or USDA. Advertising and other forms of promotion and methods of marketing are subject to regulation primarily by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission
 or FTC
 which regulates these activities under the Federal Trade Commission Act



 or DSHEA
 amended the Federal Food
 Drug
 and Cosmetic Act
 or FFDC Act
 to establish a new framework governing the composition
 safety
 labeling



 under the FFDC Act
 dietary ingredients that were marketed in the United States prior to October 15
 1994 may be used in dietary supplements without notifying the FDA. &#8220;New&#8221; dietary ingredients (i.e.
 dietary ingredients that were &#8220;not marketed in the United States before October 15
 1994&#8221;) must be the subject of a new dietary ingredient notification submitted to the FDA unless the ingredient has been &#8220;present in the food supply as an article used for food&#8221; without being &#8220;chemically altered&#8221;. A new dietary ingredient notification must provide the FDA with evidence of a &#8220;history of use or other evidence of safety&#8221; establishing that use of the dietary ingredient &#8220;will reasonably be expected to be safe&#8221;. A new dietary ingredient notification must be submitted to the FDA at least 75 days before it is initially marketed. The FDA may determine that a new dietary ingredient notification does not provide an adequate basis to conclude that the ingredient is reasonably expected to be safe. Such a determination could prevent the marketing of the dietary ingredient. The FDA recently issued draft guidance governing the notification for new dietary ingredients. Although FDA guidance is not mandatory
 and companies are free to use an alternative approach if the approach satisfies the requirements of applicable laws and regulations
 FDA guidance is a strong indication of the FDA&#8217;s &#8220;current thinking&#8221; on the topic discussed in the guidance
 including its position on enforcement. At this time
 it is difficult to determine whether the draft guidance
 if finalized
 would have a material impact on our operations. However
 if the FDA were to enforce the applicable statutes and regulations in accordance with the draft guidance as written
 this manner of enforcement could require us to incur additional expenses
 which could be significant
 and negatively impact our business in several ways
 including
 but not limited to
 enjoining the manufacturing of our products until the FDA determines that we are in compliance and can resume manufacturing















 which was introduced in July 2011 (S1310)
 would amend the FFDC Act to
 among other things
 (i) require dietary supplement manufacturers to register the dietary supplements that they manufacture with the FDA (and provide a list of the ingredients in and copies of the labels and labeling of the supplements)
 (ii) mandate the FDA and the Institute of Medicine (a non-governmental
 nonprofit organization that provides advice to the public and decision makers
 such as the FDA
 concerning health issues) to identify dietary ingredients that cause potentially serious adverse effects
 (iii) require warning statements for dietary supplements containing potentially unsafe ingredients and (iv) require that the FDA define the term &#8220;conventional food&#8221;. If the bill is reintroduced and enacted
 it could restrict the number of dietary supplements available for sale
 increase our costs
 liabilities and potential penalties associated with manufacturing and selling dietary supplements



 1994
 and instead permit the sale of only those dietary ingredients included on a list of Accepted Dietary Ingredients to be issued and maintained by the FDA. The bill also would allow the FDA to: impose a fine of twice the gross profits earned by a distributor on sales of any dietary supplement found to violate the law; require a distributor to submit a yearly report on all non-serious adverse event reports received during the year to the FDA; and allow the FDA to recall any dietary supplement it determines with &#8220;a reasonable probability&#8221; would cause serious adverse health consequences or is adulterated or misbranded. The bill also would require any dietary supplement distributor to register with the FDA and submit a list of the ingredients in and copies of the labels of its dietary supplements to the FDA and thereafter update such disclosures yearly and submit any new dietary supplement product labels to the FDA before marketing any dietary supplement product. If this bill is reintroduced and enacted



 the FDA could issue consumer warnings with respect to the products or ingredients in such products at the point they are sold to end users. Such actions or warnings could be based on information received through FFDC Act-mandated reporting of serious adverse events. The FDA in recent years has applied these procedures to require that consumers be warned to stop using certain dietary supplements. For businesses that have been subjected to these regulatory actions



 we seek representations and warranties
 indemnification and/or insurance from our vendors. However
 even with adequate insurance and indemnification
 any claims of non-compliance could significantly damage our reputation and consumer confidence in our products. In addition
 the failure of such products to comply with applicable regulatory and legislative requirements could prevent us from marketing the products or require us to recall or remove such products from the market
 which in certain cases could materially and adversely affect our business



 there are four categories of claims that pertain to the regulation of dietary supplements. First are health claims that describe the relationship between a nutrient or dietary ingredient and a disease or health related condition and can be made on the labeling of dietary supplements if supported by significant scientific agreement and authorized by the FDA in advance via notice and comment rulemaking. Second are nutrient content claims which describe the nutritional value of the product and may be made if defined by the FDA through notice and comment rulemaking and if one serving of the product meets the definition. Third are statements of nutritional support or product performance. The FFDC Act permits &#8220;statements of nutritional support&#8221; to be included in labeling for dietary supplements without FDA pre-market approval. These statements must be submitted to the FDA within 30 days of marketing and may describe how a particular dietary ingredient affects the structure
 function or general well-being of the body
 or the mechanism of action by which a dietary ingredient may affect body structure
 function or well-being
 but may not expressly or implicitly represent that a dietary supplement will diagnose
 cure
 mitigate
 treat or prevent a disease. A company that uses a statement of nutritional support in labeling must possess scientific evidence substantiating that the statement is truthful and not misleading. The fourth category are drug claims
 representations that a product is intended to diagnose
 mitigate
 treat
 cure or prevent a disease
 are prohibited from use in the labeling of dietary supplements




 that are statements of nutritional support
 health claims and nutrient content claims when authorized by the FDA
 or that otherwise are allowed by law. The FDA&#8217;s interpretation of what constitutes an acceptable statement of nutritional support may change in the future
 thereby requiring that we revise our labeling. These regulatory activities include those discussed above concerning products marketed before October 15
 1994 or afterwards
 and the requirements of 75 days advance notice to the FDA before marketing products containing new dietary ingredients. There is no assurance that the FDA will accept the evidence of safety for any new dietary ingredients that we may wish to market
 and the FDA&#8217;s refusal to accept that evidence could prevent the marketing of the new dietary ingredients and dietary supplements containing a new dietary ingredient. If the FDA determines that a particular statement of nutritional support is an unacceptable drug claim
 conventional food claim or an unauthorized version of a &#8220;health claim&#8221;
 or
 if the FDA determines that a particular claim is not adequately supported by existing scientific data or is false or misleading



 DSHEA provides that so-called &#8220;third-party literature&#8221;
 e.g.
 a reprint of a peer-reviewed scientific publication linking a particular dietary ingredient with health benefits
 may be used &#8220;in connection with the sale of a dietary supplement to consumers&#8221; without the literature being subject to regulation as labeling. The literature: (1) must not be false or misleading; (2) may not &#8220;promote&#8221; a particular manufacturer or brand of dietary supplement; (3) must present a balanced view of the available scientific information on the subject matter; (4) if displayed in an establishment
 must be physically separate from the dietary supplements; and (5) should not have appended to it any information by sticker or any other method. If the literature fails to satisfy each of these requirements
 we may be prevented from disseminating such literature with our products



 which became effective on December 22
 2007. This law amends the FFDC Act to mandate that we report to the FDA any reports of serious adverse events that we receive. Under the law
 an &#8220;adverse event&#8221; is any health-related event associated with the use of a dietary supplement that is adverse
 and a &#8220;serious adverse event&#8221; is any adverse event that results in death
 a life-threatening experience
 inpatient hospitalization
 a persistent or significant disability or incapacity
 or a congenital anomaly or birth defect
 or requires
 based on reasonable medical judgment
 a medical or surgical intervention to prevent one of these outcomes. Serious adverse event reports received through the address or phone number on the label of a dietary supplement
 as well as all follow-up reports of new medical information received within one year after the initial report
 must be submitted to the FDA no later than 15 business days after the report is received. The law also requires recordkeeping for reports of non-serious adverse events as well as serious adverse events for six years following the event















 pursuant to the authority granted by the FFDC Act as amended by DSHEA
 the FDA published detailed current good manufacturing practice
 or cGMP
 regulations that govern the manufacturing
 packaging
 labeling and holding operations of dietary supplement manufacturers. The cGMP regulations
 among other things
 impose significant recordkeeping requirements on manufacturers. The cGMP requirements are in effect for all manufacturers
 and the FDA is conducting inspections of dietary supplement manufacturers pursuant to these requirements. There remains considerable uncertainty with respect to the FDA&#8217;s interpretation of the regulations and their actual implementation in manufacturing facilities. The failure of a manufacturing facility to comply with the cGMP regulations renders products manufactured in such facility &#8220;adulterated&#8221;



 to fully enforce DSHEA and monitor compliance with the Bioterrorism Act of 2002. We intend to comply with the new cGMPs once they are adopted. The new cGMPs
 predicted to be finalized shortly
 would be more detailed and stringent than the cGMPs that currently apply to dietary supplements and may
 among other things
 require dietary supplements to be prepared
 packaged
 produced and held in compliance with regulations similar to the cGMP regulations for drugs. There can be no assurance that
 if the FDA adopts cGMP regulations for dietary supplements




 under the Food Safety Modernization Act
 or FSMA
 which was enacted on January 4
 2011
 the manufacturing of dietary ingredients contained in dietary supplements will be subject to similar or even more burdensome manufacturing requirements
 which will likely increase the costs of dietary ingredients and will subject suppliers of such ingredients to more rigorous inspections and enforcement. The FSMA will also require importers of food
 including dietary supplements and dietary ingredients



 including powers to issue a public warning or notice of violation letter to a company
 publicize information about illegal products
 detain products intended for import
 require the reporting of serious adverse events
 require a recall of illegal or unsafe products from the market
 and request the Department of Justice to initiate a seizure action
 an injunction action or a criminal prosecution in the U.S. courts. The FSMA expands the reach and regulatory powers of the FDA with respect to the production and importation of food
 including dietary supplements. The expanded reach and regulatory powers include the FDA&#8217;s ability to order mandatory recalls
 administratively detain domestic products
 require certification of compliance with domestic requirements for imported foods associated with safety issues and administratively revoke manufacturing facility registrations



 among other things
 injunctions
 product withdrawals
 recalls
 product seizures



 directly or indirectly
 the purchase of drugs or foods
 which would include dietary supplements
 is an unfair or deceptive act or practice. Additionally
 under the FTC&#8217;s Substantiation Doctrine
 an advertiser is required to have a &#8220;reasonable basis&#8221; for all objective product claims before the claims are made. Failure to adequately substantiate claims may also be considered an unfair or deceptive practice. Pursuant to this FTC requirement



 1998
 the FTC issued &#8220;Dietary Supplements: An Advertising Guide for Industry.&#8221; This guide provides marketers of dietary supplements with guidelines for applying FTC law to dietary supplement advertising and reiterates and explains the FTC&#8217;s &#8220;reasonable basis&#8221; determination. It includes examples of the principles that should be used when interpreting and substantiating dietary supplement advertising. Although the guide provides additional explanation



 both administratively and judicially
 including compulsory process
 cease and desist orders and injunctions. FTC enforcement can result in orders requiring
 among other things
 limits on advertising
 corrective advertising
 consumer redress
 divestiture of assets
 rescission of contracts and such other relief as may be deemed necessary. Any violation could have a material adverse effect on our business



 we have from time to time reformulated
 eliminated or relabeled certain of our products and revised certain advertising claims. We cannot predict the nature of any future laws
 regulations
 interpretations or applications
 nor can we determine what effect additional governmental regulations or administrative orders
 when and if promulgated
 would have on our business in the future. They could
 however
 require the reformulation of certain products to meet new standards
 the recall or discontinuance of certain products not capable of reformulation
 additional record keeping
 expanded documentation of the properties of certain products
 expanded or different labeling
 and/or scientific substantiation. Any or all of such requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business




 county and other local governmental authorities. Some states also permit these laws to be enforced by private attorney generals. These private attorney generals may seek relief for consumers
 seek class action certifications
 seek class-wide damages
 seek class-wide refunds and product recalls of products sold by us. There can be no assurance that state and local authorities will not commence regulatory action
 which could restrict the permissible scope of our product advertising claims

















 local and international laws that include provisions governing
 among other things
 the formulation
 manufacturing
 packaging
 labeling
 advertising and distribution of dietary supplements and over-the-counter drugs. These regulations may prevent or delay entry into the market or prevent or delay the introduction
 or require the reformulation





 if passed
 would impose substantial new regulatory requirements on dietary supplements. For example
 although not yet reintroduced in this session of Congress
 bills have been repeatedly proposed in past sessions of Congress which would subject the dietary ingredient dehydroepiandrosterone
 or DHEA
 to the requirements of the Controlled Substances Act
 which would prevent the sale of products containing DHEA. In March 2009
 the General Accounting Office
 or GAO
 issued a report that made four recommendations to enhance the FDA&#8217;s oversight of dietary supplements. The GAO recommended that the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services direct the Commissioner of the FDA to: (1) request authority to require dietary supplement companies to identify themselves as a dietary supplement company and update this information annually
 provide a list of all dietary supplement products they sell and a copy of the labels and update this information annually
 and report all adverse events related to dietary supplements
 not just serious adverse events; (2) issue guidance to clarify when an ingredient is considered a new dietary ingredient
 the evidence needed to document the safety of new dietary ingredients
 and appropriate methods for establishing ingredient identity; (3) provide guidance to industry to clarify when products should be marketed as either dietary supplements or conventional foods formulated with added dietary ingredients; and (4) coordinate with stakeholder groups involved in consumer outreach to identify additional mechanisms for educating consumers about the safety
 efficacy
 and labeling of dietary supplements
 implement these mechanisms



 regulations
 or administrative orders
 when and if promulgated
 would have on our business in the future. New legislation or regulations may require the reformulation of certain products to meet new standards
 require the recall or discontinuance of certain products not capable of reformulation
 impose additional record keeping or require expanded documentation of the properties of certain products



 state
 local and foreign environmental and health and safety laws and regulations governing its operations
 including the handling
 transportation and disposal of our non-hazardous and hazardous substances and wastes
 as well as emissions and discharges from its operations into the environment
 including discharges to air
 surface water and groundwater. Failure to comply with such laws and regulations could result in costs for remedial actions
 penalties or the imposition of other liabilities. New laws
 changes in existing laws or the interpretation thereof
 or the development of new facts or changes in their processes could also cause us to incur additional capital and operating expenditures to maintain compliance with environmental laws and regulations and environmental permits. We are also subject to laws and regulations that impose liability and cleanup responsibility for releases of hazardous substances into the environment without regard to fault or knowledge about the condition or action causing the liability. Under certain of these laws and regulations
 such liabilities can be imposed for cleanup of previously owned or operated properties
 or for properties to which substances or wastes that were sent in connection with current or former operations at its facilities. The presence of contamination from such substances or wastes could also adversely affect our ability to sell or lease our properties
 or to use them as collateral for financing. From time to time
 we have incurred costs and obligations for correcting environmental and health and safety noncompliance matters and for remediation at or relating to certain of our properties or properties at which our waste has been disposed. However
 compliance with the provisions of national
 state and local environmental laws and regulations has not had a material effect upon our capital expenditures
 earnings
 financial position
 liquidity or competitive position. We believe we have complied with
 and are currently complying with
 our environmental obligations pursuant to environmental and health and safety laws and regulations and that any liabilities for noncompliance will not have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial performance or cash flows. However
 it is difficult to predict future liabilities and obligations





 licenses or approvals that have been issued with respect to our operations. We expect to comply with all applicable laws
 rules and regulations relating to our business
 and at this time




 any regulatory changes that impose additional restrictions or requirements on us or on our potential customers could adversely affect us by increasing our operating costs or decreasing demand for our products or services









 the research and development division is regularly solicited to create or formulate products for third parties. Beyond the revenue stream provided by these services
 the activities of the research and development division generate significant intellectual property for us. In some cases
 we retain sole ownership of the formulations created




093 and $32
233 in research and development expenses during the years ended July 31
 2015 and 2014



















As of July 31
 2015
 we had 6 full-time employees. We also currently engage independent contractors in the areas of accounting
 legal and auditing services
 corporate finance
 as well as marketing and business development. 





 the public may read and copy materials filed by the Company at the SEC&#8217;s Public Reference Room located at 100 F Street
 N.E.
 Washington





 among others




 our business
 financial condition or results of operations could be harmed. In that case
 the trading price of our common stock could decline


 together with all of the other information included in this report
 before making an investment decision. If any of the following risks actually occurs
 our business
 financial condition or results of operations could suffer. In that case
 the trading price of our common stock could decline
 and you may lose all or part of your investment. You should read the section entitled &#8220;Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements&#8221; above for a discussion of what types of statements are forward-looking statements




 negative working capital and insufficient cash flows
 and lack of liquidity to pay our current obligations




Our independent auditors have added an explanatory paragraph to their audit opinion issued in connection with the financial statements

 we cannot provide investors with any assurance that we will be able to raise sufficient funding from the generation of revenue
 the sale of our common stock

 2015 and 2014

 that we had negative working capital and insufficient cash flows from operation as of July 31
 2015

 raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.





 which could put us at a competitive disadvantage. Continued pricing pressure or improvements in research and shifts in customer preferences away from natural supplements could adversely impact our customer base or pricing structure and have a material and adverse effect on our business
 financial condition



 evolving industry standards and potential new entrants. For example
 a number of new companies with innovative products
 which promise significant health benefits are established every year and are competitive with our products. If these companies gain market acceptance
 our ability to grow our business could be materially and adversely affected. Accordingly
 our future success depends upon a number of factors
 including our ability to accomplish the following: identify emerging health trends in our target end-markets; develop
 acquire and maintain competitive products; enhance our products by adding innovative features that differentiate us from our competitors; and develop or acquire and bring products to market quickly and cost-effectively. Our ability to develop or acquire new products based on quality research can affect our competitive position and requires the investment of significant resources. These acquisitions and development efforts divert resources from other potential investments in our businesses
 and they may not lead to the development of new research or products on a timely basis. New or enhanced products may not satisfy consumer preferences and potential product failures may cause consumers to reject these products. As a result
 these products may not achieve market acceptance and our brand image could suffer. In addition
 our competitors may introduce superior designs or business strategies
 impairing our brand and the desirability of our products
 which may cause consumers to defer or forego purchases of our products. Also
 the markets for our products and services may not develop or grow as we anticipate. The failure of our products to gain market acceptance
 the potential for product defects or the obsolescence of our products could significantly reduce our revenue
 increase our operating costs or otherwise adversely affect our business
 financial condition

















 national media attention and other publicity about product use. Adverse publicity from these sources regarding the safety
 quality or efficacy of nutritional supplements and our products could harm our reputation and results of operations. The mere publication of news articles or reports asserting that such products may be harmful or questioning their efficacy could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations



 if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel
 hire qualified personnel



 hire
 develop
 motivate and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization
 particularly sales and marketing. Competition in our industry for qualified employees is intense. In addition
 our compensation arrangements
 such as our bonus programs







 many of which may be outside of our control. As a result
 comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful
 and you should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance. Our quarterly
 year-to-date























































 and three vendors that are our major suppliers




 2015 and 2014
 and five of our suppliers make up approximately 47% and 63% of our total purchases for the years ending July 31
 2015 and 2014.&#160; We do not have purchase or supply agreements with this customer or these suppliers governing future orders
 and were we to lose this customer or these suppliers
 our business would be harmed.&#160; Our revenues would significantly decline were we to lose this customer







 we could be subject to product liability claims if the use of our products is alleged to have resulted in injury. Our products consist of vitamins
 minerals



 but in the future we may be subject to various product liability claims
 including among others that our products had inadequate instructions for use








 complete the research and development of our planned services
 obtain regulatory approvals
 and execute our business plan
 generally.&#160; &#160;We may use capital more rapidly than currently anticipated and incur higher operating expenses than currently expected
 and we may be required to depend on external financing to satisfy our operating and capital needs.&#160;We may need new or additional financing in the future to conduct our operations or expand our business.&#160;Any sustained weakness in the general economic conditions and/or financial markets in the United States or globally could adversely affect our ability to raise capital on favorable terms or at all.&#160;From time to time we have relied
 and may also rely in the future
 on access to financial markets as a source of liquidity to satisfy working capital requirements and for general corporate purposes.&#160;We may be unable to secure debt or equity financing on terms acceptable to us
 or at all
 at the time when we need such funding.&#160;If we do raise funds by issuing additional equity or convertible debt securities
 the ownership percentages of existing stockholders would be reduced
 and the securities that we issue may have rights
 preferences or privileges senior to those of the holders of our common stock or may be issued at a discount to the market price of our common stock which would result in dilution to our existing stockholders.&#160;If we raise additional funds by issuing debt
 we may be subject to debt covenants
 which could place limitations on our operations including our ability to declare and pay dividends.&#160;Our inability to raise additional funds on a timely basis would make it difficult for us to achieve our business objectives and would have a negative impact on our business



























 debt incurrence
 operating losses and expenses that could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows. Acquisitions involve numerous other risks














































































































 including property
 general and product liability
 and workers&#8217; compensation to protect ourselves against potential loss exposures. In the future
 insurance coverage may not be available at adequate levels or on adequate terms to cover potential losses
 including on terms that meet our customer&#8217;s requirements. If insurance coverage is inadequate or unavailable
 we may face claims that exceed coverage limits or that are not covered






 we may be unable or unwilling to strictly enforce our intellectual property rights
 including our trademarks



 which are costly to defend






 the number of products and competitors in our markets increases and product overlaps occur
 infringement claims may increase in number and significance. Intellectual property lawsuits are subject to inherent uncertainties due to the complexity of the technical issues involved
 and we cannot be certain that we would be successful in defending ourselves against intellectual property claims. Further
 many potential litigants have the capability to dedicate substantially greater resources than we can to enforce their intellectual property rights and to defend claims that may be brought against them. Furthermore












 in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements
 or the incidence of manufacturing errors
 could result in consumer injury or death
 product shortages
 product recalls or withdrawals
 delays or failures in product testing or delivery
 cost overruns or other problems that could seriously harm our business. Contract manufacturers often encounter difficulties involving production yields
 quality control and quality assurance
 as well as shortages of qualified personnel. Our existing manufacturers and any future contract manufacturers may not perform as agreed or may not remain in the contract manufacturing business. In the event of a natural disaster
 business failure
 strike or other difficulty
 we may be unable to replace a third-party manufacturer in a timely manner and the production of our products would be interrupted
 resulting in delays

















 we have not experienced any shortages or delays in obtaining raw materials. If circumstances changed
 shortages could result in materially higher raw material prices or adversely affect our ability to have a product manufactured. Price increases from a supplier would directly affect our profitability if we are not able to pass price increases on to customers. Our inability to obtain adequate supplies of raw materials in a timely manner or a material increase in the price of our raw materials could have a material adverse effect on our business



 and we may become involved in litigation from time to time
 we could incur substantial judgments
 fines



 labeling and advertising for our products are regulated by various federal
 state and local agencies as well as those of each foreign country to which we distribute. These governmental authorities may commence regulatory or legal proceedings
 which could restrict the permissible scope of our product claims or the ability to manufacture and sell our products in the future. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration
 or FDA
 regulates our products to ensure that the products are not adulterated or misbranded. Failure to comply with FDA requirements may result in
 among other things
 injunctions
 product withdrawals
 recalls
 product seizures
 fines and criminal prosecutions. Our advertising is subject to regulation by the Federal Trade Commission
 or FTC
 under the Federal Trade Commission Act. In recent years the FTC has initiated numerous investigations of dietary supplement and weight loss products and companies. Additionally
 some states also permit advertising and labeling laws to be enforced by private attorney generals
 who may seek relief for consumers
 seek class action certifications
 seek class wide damages and product recalls of products sold by us. Any of these types of adverse actions against us by governmental authorities or private litigants could have a material adverse effect on our business









 and the market prices of companies listed on the over-the-counter Bulletin Board quotation system in which shares of our common stock are listed
 have been volatile in the past and have experienced sharp share price and trading volume changes. The trading price of our common stock is likely to be volatile and could fluctuate widely in response to many factors
 including the following





























































 as well as general economic and political conditions unrelated to our performance
 may adversely affect the price of our common stock. 










 including the fact that we are a small company which is relatively unknown to stock analysts
 stock brokers
 institutional investors and others in the investment community who generate or influence sales volume.&#160;&#160;Even if we came to the attention of such persons
 those persons tend to be risk-averse and may be reluctant to follow
 purchase
 or recommend the purchase of shares of an unproven company such as ours until such time as we become more seasoned and viable. As a consequence
 there may be periods of several days or more when trading activity in our shares is minimal or non-existent
 as compared to a seasoned issuer which has a large and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous sales without an adverse effect on share price. We cannot give you any assurance that a broader or more active public trading market for our common stock will develop or be sustained




 which could lead to wide fluctuations in our share price. You may be unable to sell your common stock at or above your purchase price if at all




 according to SEC Release No. 34-29093
 the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include (1) control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter or issuer; (2) manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases; (3) boiler room practices involving high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced sales persons; (4) excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differential and markups by selling broker-dealers; and (5) the wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level
 along with the resulting inevitable collapse of those prices and with consequent investor losses. Our management is aware of the abuses that have occurred historically in the penny stock market. Although we do not expect to be in a position to dictate the behavior of the market or of broker-dealers who participate in the market



















 it would be contingent upon our revenues and earnings
 if any
 capital requirements
 and general financial condition. The payment of any common stock dividends will be within the discretion of our Board of Directors. We presently intend to deploy available capital to execute our business plan; accordingly




 some brokers may be unwilling to trade our securities. This means that you may have difficulty reselling your shares




 broker-dealers must make a special suitability determination and receive a written agreement prior from you to making a sale on your behalf. Because of the imposition of the foregoing additional sales practices








 broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer&#8217;s financial status
 tax status and investment objectives
 among other things. Under interpretations of these rules
 FINRA believes that there is a high probability such speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. Thus
 FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock
 which may limit your ability to buy and sell our shares
 have an adverse effect on the market for our shares






 and we expect that our share price will continue to be more volatile than a seasoned issuer for the indefinite future. In the past
 plaintiffs have often initiated securities class action litigation against a company following periods of volatility in the market price of its securities. We may
 in the future
 be the target of similar litigation. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and liabilities and could divert management&#8217;s attention and resources.


 officer and employees under Nevada law and the existence of indemnification rights of our director
 officer and employees may result in substantial expenditures by our Company and may discourage lawsuits against our director
 officer and employees.


 fraud or knowing violation of law
 or the payment of dividends.&#160; In addition
 our bylaws implement indemnification provisions requiring the Company to indemnify our directors to the fullest extent permitted by state law
 and permit our board of directors to indemnify our officers.&#160; We may also have contractual indemnification obligations under our employment agreements with our officers. The foregoing indemnification obligations could result in our company incurring substantial expenditures to cover the cost of settlement or damage awards against directors and officers
 which we may be unable to recoup. These provisions and resultant costs may also discourage our company from bringing a lawsuit against directors and officers for breaches of their fiduciary duties
 and may similarly discourage the filing of derivative litigation by our shareholders against our directors and officers even though such actions
 if successful





 we are subject to certain rules and regulations of federal
 state and financial market exchange entities charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded. These entities
 including the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
 the SEC and FINRA
 have issued requirements and regulations and continue to develop additional regulations and requirements in response to corporate scandals and laws enacted by Congress
 most notably the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Our efforts to comply with these regulations have resulted in
 and are likely to continue resulting in
 increased general and administrative expenses and diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. Because new and modified laws
 regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations in many cases due to their lack of specificity







 we will incur significant legal




 including certain requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 as well as new rules implemented by the SEC and FINRA.&#160; We expect these rules and regulations
 in particular Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 to significantly increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time-consuming and costly. Like many smaller public companies
 we face a significant impact from required compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Section 404 requires management of public companies to evaluate the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting and the independent auditors to attest to the effectiveness of such internal controls and the evaluation performed by management. The SEC has adopted rules implementing Section 404 for public companies as well as disclosure requirements. The Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
 or PCAOB
 has adopted documentation and attestation standards that the independent auditors must follow in conducting its attestation under Section 404. We are currently preparing for compliance with Section 404; however
 there can be no assurance that we will be able to effectively meet all of the requirements of Section 404 as currently known to us in the currently mandated timeframe. Any failure to implement effectively new or improved internal controls
 or to resolve difficulties encountered in their implementation
 could harm our operating results
 cause us to fail to meet reporting obligations or result in management being required to give a qualified assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting or our independent auditors providing an adverse opinion regarding management&#8217;s assessment. Any such result could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information














 it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve on our Board of Directors or as executive officers. We are currently evaluating and monitoring developments with respect to these new rules







 as amended (the &#8220;Securities Act&#8221;) (&#8220;Rule 144&#8221;). As restricted shares
 these shares may be resold only pursuant to an effective registration statement or under the requirements of Rule 144 or other applicable exemptions from registration under the Securities Act and as required under applicable state securities laws. Rule 144 provides in essence that one year following a company ceasing to be a &#8220;shell company&#8221; and filing Form 10 information with the SEC to that effect
 a non-affiliate who has held restricted securities for a period of at least six months may sell their shares of common stock. Under Rule 144
 affiliates who have held restricted securities for a period of at least six months may
 under certain conditions
 sell every three months
 in brokerage transactions
 a number of shares that does not exceed the greater of 1% of a company&#8217;s outstanding shares of common stock or the average weekly trading volume during the four calendar weeks prior to the sale (the four calendar week rule does not apply to companies quoted on the OTCQB). A sale under Rule 144 or under any other exemption from the Securities Act
 if available
 or pursuant to subsequent registrations of our shares of common stock




&#8221; if we ever become delinquent with the filing of our reports




 and that it has filed all relevant periodic reports that it is required to file. We were a shell company prior to filing Form 10 information with the SEC ceasing to be a shell company more than a year ago. Therefore
 if we become delinquent with our SEC reporting obligations
 any holders of restricted securities will no longer be able to sell their shares under the requirements of Rule 144 until
 if ever













 Salt Lake City
 Utah
 84020. Our telephone number is 801-576-8350. Our office is approximately 3
000 square feet in size. The lease expires on December 31

 the rent for the fiscal years ended July 31
 2015 and 2014
 totaled $49
625 and $50
115
 respectively.


The Company has three separate subleases for three rooms totaling 1
Two of the subleases were terminated in September 2013 and October 2013. Pursuant to the sublease agreements
fiscal years ended July 31
 2015 and 2014
$1
850
 respectively.



 2013
 and is now leased on a month-to-month basis. Rent expense under the operating lease totaled $3
479 and $4
346 at July 31
 2015 and 2014






 we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However
 litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. Except as set forth below
 we are currently not aware of any such pending or threatened legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our business




 2013
 the Company&#8217;s subsidiary
 Health Education Corporation (&#8220;Health Education&#8221;)
 served a complaint on Ignite Naturals
 Inc.
 a customer (&#8220;Ignite&#8221;)
 for breach of contract and failure to pay amounts owed by Ignite for its purchase orders with Health Education
 and seeking general damages of $146
352.76.&#160; Ignite subsequently removed the case from Utah state court to federal district court
 and filed an Answer and Counterclaim
 which the Company answered on September 9
 2013.&#160; Ignite&#8217;s counsel subsequently withdrew from the case
 the court ordered Defendant to have new counsel appear within 21 days
 and on November 18
 2013
 the court entered an order ordering Defendant to
 within 14 days of the order
 show cause why sanctions against Defendant should not be imposed for failure to appoint counsel.&#160; On December 10
 2013
 for Defendant&#8217;s failure to appear at the initial pretrial conference or show cause why sanctions against Defendant were not appropriate
 the court entered an order imposing terminating sanctions on Defendant and directing the court clerk to enter judgment in favor of Health Education for $146
352.76.&#160; On December 12
 2013
 the court entered judgment in favor of Health Education against Ignite for $146















 2013
 the Company
 through counsel
 sent a demand to Zions Bank (&#8220;Zions&#8221;) in connection with the three wires sent by Zions pursuant to oral instructions received from the person fraudulently identifying himself as Dr. Gibbs via telephone (totaling $208
920)
 for an immediate credit to the Company&#8217;s bank account of all unrecovered funds from those wires (totaling $54
028).&#160; On January 7
 2014
 the Company settled with Zions in full
 and Zions paid the Company $27



 2014
 the Company&#8217;s subsidiary
 Health Education Corporation (&#8220;Health Education&#8221;)
 was served a copy of a complaint filed by EpicEra Incorporated (&#8220;Epic&#8221;) in the Utah Third Judicial District Court for the return of a $100
000 deposit paid by Epic to Health Education for the supply of nutritional products.&#160;On April 16
 2014
 Health Education answered the Complaint and filed a counterclaim against Epic and third-party claims against eCosway USA
 Inc. (&#8220;eCosway
&#8221; which is Epic&#8217;s owner)
 and its principals
 for breach of a non-disclosure and non-circumvention agreement
 unjust enrichment
 fraud
 and fraudulent nondisclosure.&#160;Health Education&#8217;s claims alleged that (1) eCosway and its principals have defrauded Health Education and engaged in a scheme of corporate espionage to misappropriate Health Education&#8217;s proprietary information and trade secrets to launch their new multilevel marketing company
 Epic; (2) under the fraudulent guise of partnering with Health Education to have Health Education formulate and produce the health products to be sold by Epic&#8217;s distributors
 eCosway and its principals signed a non-disclosure and non-circumvention agreement that they had no intention of honoring in order to gain access to Health Education&#8217;s proprietary information so that they could steal that information and use it for their own benefit; (3) Health Education relied upon the non-disclosure and non-circumvention agreement and misrepresentations of Epic
 eCosway
 and its principals
 and disclosed the proprietary information and formulations
 which Epic then appropriated as its own.&#160;Health Education&#8217;s claims request general damages as well as punitive damages. On May 6
 2015
 fact discovery concluded
 and expert discovery has also concluded. Epic filed a motion for summary judgment on or about June 2
 2015
 Health Education opposed the motion on or about June 19
 2015
 and a hearing was scheduled for September 9
 2015. After receiving arguments
 the court ruled that EpicEra&#8217;s motion for summary judgment was denied in part and granted in part
 ordering that the case would be tried regarding whether Nutranomics was entitled to offset the Epic deposit by purchases it made and labor it used in performing on the purchase order with EpicEra
 and as to the breach of contract claim filed by Nutranomics against EpicEra for not fulfilling the purchase order agreement

 2015
 Wrona
 Gordon &amp; DuBois withdrew as counsel for Nutranomics.



 2015
 the Company was served a copy of a complaint filed by NHK Laboratories
 Inc.
 in the Superior Court of California
 County of Los Angeles
 arising out of an alleged breach of contract by the Company and seeking $79
769.92 in principal
 plus interest and attorney fees. The Company retained local counsel who answered the complaint. On October 21
 2015
 the court ordered Nutranomics to provide additional documentation to the plaintiff




 2015
 KBM Worldwide
 Inc. and Vis Vires Group
 Inc.
 two of the Company's creditors



On or about October 16

 the Company&#8217;s subsidiary
 Health Education Corporation (&#8220;Health Education&#8221;)
 and our founder and director
 Tracy Gibbs (&#8220;Gibbs&#8221;)
 were served a copy of a complaint filed by KeyBank in the Utah Third Judicial District Court for breach of contract of a loan made by KeyBank to Health Education and guaranteed by Gibbs (the &#8220;Loan&#8221;). The Loan was entered into on or August 28
 2012
 and KeyBank alleged that it was owed outstanding principal of approximately $173
370.80
 with additional amounts due for accrued interest
 late fees
 and attorney fees. Health Education negotiated a repayment plan with KeyBank
 entering into a forbearance agreement on or about November 9
 2015
 with an effective date of November 5
 2015
 pursuant to which Health Education would immediately pay KeyBank $25
578.01
 interest only of approximately $914.40 on December 1
 2015
 and the full amount due under the loan documents
 or approximately $156
506.75 on or before December 31
 2015
 with both Health Education and Gibbs signing confessions of judgment to be filed by KeyBank if the agreed amounts were not paid.&#160; On November 10
 2015
 Health Education paid KeyBank $25











Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.





The range of high and low closing bid quotations for the Company&#8217;s common stock during each quarter of the fiscal years ended July 31
 2015 and 2014
 is shown below
. Prices are inter-dealer quotations
 without retail mark-up

























































































































































































































 2015
 the Company had 35 shareholders of record of common stock
 including shares held by brokerage clearing houses
















 other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ Stock Market System
 provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or quotation system. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer
 prior to a transaction in a penny stock
 to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the Commission




 clear
 narrative description of a dealer market




 including language
 type
 size and format



 prior to effecting any transaction in a penny stock









 the penny stock rules that require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules; the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser&#8217;s written acknowledgement of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement
 a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks





















 2015
 the Company issued 8
056
250 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock to KBM Worldwide
 Inc. (&#8220;KBM&#8221;)
 in partial satisfaction of its obligations under
 and the holder&#8217;s election to convert a portion of
 the Convertible Promissory Note dated April 30
 2014
 with an original principal amount of $63




 2015
 the Company issued 4
500
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock to JMJ Financial (&#8220;JMJ&#8221;)
 in partial satisfaction of its obligations under
 and the holder&#8217;s election to convert a portion of
 the $350
000 Convertible Note dated December 2
 2014
 with an original principal and interest amount of $68




 2015
 the Company issued 11
921
055 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock to Typenex Co-Investment
 LLC (&#8220;Typenex&#8221;)
 in partial satisfaction of its obligations under
 and the holder&#8217;s election to convert a portion of
 the Secured Convertible Promissory Note dated December 2
 2014
 in the face amount of $224
000 and with an original principal amount of $59
000















 2015
 the Company issued 8
453
608 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock to KBM Worldwide
 Inc. (&#8220;KBM&#8221;)
 in partial satisfaction of its obligations under
 and the holder&#8217;s election to convert a portion of
 the Convertible Promissory Note dated April 30
 2014
 with an original principal amount of $63




 2015
 the Company issued 9
690
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock to JMJ
 in partial satisfaction of its obligations under
 and the holder&#8217;s election to convert a portion of
 the $350
000 Convertible Note dated December 2
 2014
 with an original principal and interest amount of $68




 2015
 the Company issued 3
793
686 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock to LG Capital Funding
 LLC (&#8220;LG&#8221;)
 in partial satisfaction of its obligations under
 and the holder&#8217;s election to convert a portion of
 the Nutranomics
 Inc. 8% Convertible Redeemable Note Due December 2
 2015
 with an original principal amount of $73




 2015
 the Company issued 8
447
368 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock to KBM
 in partial satisfaction of its obligations under
 and the holder&#8217;s election to convert a portion of
 the Convertible Promissory Note dated April 30
 2014
 with an original principal amount of $63




 2015
 the Company issued 10
790
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock to JMJ
 in partial satisfaction of its obligations under
 and the holder&#8217;s election to convert a portion of
 the $350
000 Convertible Note dated December 2
 2014
 with an original principal and interest amount of $68




 2015
 the Company issued 16
900
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock to Typenex
 in partial satisfaction of its obligations under
 and the holder&#8217;s election to convert a portion of
 the Secured Convertible Promissory Note dated December 2
 2014
 in the face amount of $224
000 and with an original principal amount of $59
000




 2015
 the Company issued 8
433
333 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock to KBM
 in partial satisfaction of its obligations under
 and the holder&#8217;s election to convert a portion of
 the Convertible Promissory Note dated April 30
 2014
 with an original principal amount of $63

















 2015 and 2014
 that appear elsewhere in this report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans
 estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include
 but are not limited to
 those discussed below and elsewhere in this annual report
















For the Years Ended July 31
 2015 and 2014



 2015 and 2014











































































789









402

























655
















724











664


























































































217











172

































393
071 in the fiscal year ending July 31
 2014
 to $1
787
246 in the fiscal year ending July 31
 2015
 a decrease of 25.32% totaling $605
825. Decrease in sales is due to several factors
 among others
 due to the loss of major customers related to manufacturing delays
 operational efficiencies
 and a lack of investments in sales. The company has since restructured several of these processes and is investing currently developing new customer relationships. The revenues from NBA services decreased from $9
698 in the 2014 fiscal year to $2
079 in the 2015 fiscal year
 a decrease of $7




054
 or 48.51%
 in the 2015 fiscal year as compared to $1
594
361
 or 66.36%
 in the 2014 fiscal year. Revenue derived from sales outside of the Americas totaled $921
271
 or 51.49%
 in the 2015 fiscal year as compared to $808
408
 or 33.64%




787
246
 or 99.88%
 in the 2015 fiscal year as compared to $2
393
071 or 99.60%
 in 2014. The Company also derived revenue from NBA services in the amount of $2
079
 or 0.12%
 in 2015 as compared to $9
698
 or .40%




655
580 in the 2014 fiscal year to $900
478 in the 2015 fiscal year
 a decrease of 45.61% totaling $755
102. The decrease directly relates to a decrease in product sales in 2015




597 in the 2014 fiscal year to $471
336 in the 2015 fiscal year
 an increase of 103.52% totaling $239
739. 



 2015 and 2014
 and five of our suppliers make up approximately 81% and 87% of our total purchases for the years ending July 31
 2015 and 2014. While we have had simple purchase orders with this customer and these suppliers in the past (for quantities of our supplements and supplement ingredients at various prices and negotiated on a case-by-case basis)
 we do not have and have never had production or supply agreements with this customer or these suppliers
 we do not have purchase or supply agreements with this customer or these suppliers governing future orders
 and were we to lose this customer or these suppliers
 our business would be harmed. Our revenues would significantly decline were we to lose this customer






For the Years Ended July 31
 2015 and 2014



 2015 and 2014





























































































































































011





















724







664









 2015
 were $1
724
939 as compared to $2
664
628 for the year ended July 31
 2014
 an decrease of 35.27% totaling $939















231 in fiscal 2014 to $375
759 in fiscal 2015
 a decrease of 41.31% totaling $264
472. The decrease is due mostly to decreases in services
 travel




233 in fiscal 2014 to $2
093 in fiscal 2015
 a decrease of 93.01% totaling $30




890 in fiscal 2014 to $259
071 in fiscal 2015
 a decrease of 72.02% totaling $666
obtaining more favorable terms with auditors
 payroll service providers
 legal service providers
 and public company expense providers




566 in fiscal 2014 to $1
011
545 in fiscal 2015
 an increase of 11.21% totaling $101

657
463 and 5
768
280
 shares of common stock to the Company&#8217;s president and director during the second quarter and an increase in salaries to executives in the fiscal year ending July 31
 2015.






657
463 and 5
768
280 shares of common stock to the Company's former president and director and the Company's general manager respectively during the fiscal year ending July 31






For the Years Ended July 31
 2015 and 2014




























uly 31



































































757









235














324





















For the Years Ended July 31
 2015 and 2014






























































































































































































725 during the fiscal year ended July 31
 2015
 as compared to $531
825 in the comparable period in 2014; the decrease was primarily due to current year decreases in other current assets
 prepaid expenses
 and accounts receivable. The Company had current liabilities of $1
757
222 during the year ended July 31
 2015
 as compared to $1
235

 a decrease in unearned revenues
 and an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses due to a decrease in sales. The Company has incurred cumulative losses since inception of $5
975
112. As of July 31
 2015
 the Company had working capital deficit of $1
324
497 due to an influx of cash from an increase in borrowing during the fiscal year ended July 31
 2015
 as compared to a working capital deficit in July 31
 2014
 of $704
094.














894) during the fiscal year ended July 31
 2015
 as compared to ($633

 share based compensation
 accounts receivable
 inventory
 unearned revenue
 advances on royalties
 and accounts payable.



296 during the fiscal year ended July 31
 2015
 as compared to $702

 partially offset by a decrease in payments of related party notes payable.



251) during the fiscal year ended July 31
 2015
 as compared to ($1

 which was less than the purchases in the same period in 2014.






 2015
 KBM Worldwide converted $840 of additional principal related to its April 30
 2014 convertible note into 8
400




 2015
 JMJ Financial converted $693 of additional principal related to its December 10
 2014 convertible note into 12
595




 2015
 KBM Worldwide converted $815 of additional principal related to its April 30
 2014 convertible note into 13
583




 2015
 Typenex Co-Investment
 LLC converted $1
310 of additional principal related to its December 2
 2014 convertible note into 27
300




 2015
 Evolution Capital Partners
 LLC converted $862 of additional principal related to its December 10
 2014 convertible note into 15
680




 2015
 JMJ Financial converted $905 of additional principal related to its December 10
 2014 convertible note into 16
460




 2015
 Evolution Capital Partners
 LLC converted $3
400 of additional principal related to its August 18
 2013 convertible note into 8
500




 2015
 Typenex Co-Investment
 LLC converted $1
699 of additional principal related to its December 2
 2014 convertible note into 35
400




 2015
 Michael Doron resigned from all positions with the Company including as President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer
 and member of the Board of Directors
 and Edward J. Eyring
 II
 M.D.
 was appointed President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer




 2015
 Wrona




 2015
 KBM Worldwide converted $1
630 of additional principal related to its April 30
 2014 convertible note into 13
583




 2015
 KBM Worldwide converted $700 of additional principal related to its April 30
 2014 convertible note into 5
833




 2015
 KBM Worldwide converted $1
630 of additional principal related to its April 30
 2014 convertible note into 13
583




 2015
 KBM Worldwide converted $2
725 of additional principal related to its April 30
 2014 convertible note into 19
464




 2015
 KBM Worldwide converted $2
725 of additional principal related to its April 30
 2014 convertible note into 19
464




 2015
 KBM Worldwide converted $2
920 of additional principal related to its April 30
 2014 convertible note into 19
466




 2015
 KBM Worldwide converted $5
525 of additional principal related to its April 30
 2014 convertible note into 24
021




 2015
 LG Capital Funding
 LLC converted $3
053 of additional principal related to its December 2
 2014 convertible note into 13
157




 2015
 Zen Family LP
 an entity controlled by our founder and director
 Tracy Gibbs
 returned 1
000
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock to the Company for cancellation and was issued 1
000




 2015
















 2015
 KBM Worldwide converted $5
540 of additional principal related to its April 30
 2014 convertible note into 14
205










 including the economic environment
 which management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Management adjusts such estimates and assumptions when facts and circumstances dictate. As future events and their effects cannot be determined with precision













 2015 and 2014







 sale of retail products




 Revenue Recognition (&#8220;SAB 104&#8221;)
 and other applicable revenue recognition guidance under US GAAP. Sales revenue is recognized for our retail and wholesale customers when: (i) persuasive evidence of a sales arrangement exists
 (ii) the sales terms are fixed or determinable
 (iii) title and risk of loss have transferred
 and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured &#8212; generally when products are shipped to the customer and services are rendered
 except in situations in which title passes upon receipt of the products by the customer. In this case
 revenues are recognized upon notification that customer receipt has occurred. The Company accrues an estimated amount for sales returns and allowances related to defective or returned products at the time of sale based on its ability to estimate sales returns and allowances using historical information. As of July 31
 2015 and 2014




 distribution fees
 testing and labeling costs
 as well as any associated administrative fees. The Company recognizes these revenues after the product has been shipped from the outsource manufacturer to the trade partner. The Company has contractual obligation to pay the outsource manufacturers
 and as a principal in these arrangements the Company includes the total product price as revenue in accordance with applicable accounting guidance. The Company has separately negotiated contractual relationships with its trade partners



The Company recorded unearned revenue of $227
919 and $338
263 as of July 31
 2015 and 2014







 direct labor and overhead costs)
 shipping and handling expense
 insurance on inventory







471 and $156
708 during the years ended July 31
 2015 and 2014







 considering such factors as the length of time receivables are past due
 the financial condition of the customer
 and historical experience. The Company also records a reserve for all customers
 excluding those that have been specifically reserved for
 based upon evaluation of historical losses. The Company recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts of $95
332 and $106
617 as of July 31
 2015 and 2014
















Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. The cost for inventories is determined using the first-in
 first-out method on the weighted average basis. The cost includes all expenditures incurred in bringing the goods to the point of sale and putting them in a salable condition. In assessing the ultimate realization of inventories
 the Company makes judgments as to future demand requirements compared to current or committed inventory levels. The Company estimates the demand requirements based on market conditions
 forecasts prepared by its customers
 sales contracts and orders in hand. In addition
 the Company estimates net realizable value based on intended use

 2015 and 2014
















































































































































 which potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk
 consist principally of cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 lines of credit
 and notes payable. Due to short-term maturities
 the carrying amount of these instruments approximates fair value. Our cash balances are maintained in accounts held by major banks and financial institutions located in the United States. The Company occasionally maintains amounts on deposit with a financial institution that are in excess of the federally insured limit of $250
000. The risk is managed by maintaining all deposits in high quality financial institutions. The Company had $0 of cash balances in excess of federally insured limits at July 31






































































 a loss is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair market value of the long-lived assets. Loss on long-lived assets to be disposed of is determined in a similar manner
 except that fair market values are reduced for the cost of disposal. For the years ended July 31
 2015 and 2014





 the impairment to be recognized was measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets.&#160; Assets to be disposed of were reported at the lower of the carrying value or fair value

 2015 and 2014
 respectively.




 including estimation of future cash flows
 which is dependent on internal forecasts
 estimation of the long-term rate of growth for the businesses
 the useful life over which cash flows will occur and determination of our weighted average cost of capital. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and/or conclusions on goodwill impairment for each reporting unit. We will conduct our annual goodwill impairment test as of July 31 of each year or more frequently if indicators of impairment exist. We periodically analyze whether any such indicators of impairment exist. A significant amount of judgment is involved in determining if an indicator of impairment has occurred. Such indicators may include a sustained significant decline market capitalization
 a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate
 unanticipated competition and/or slower expected growth rates
 adverse actions or assessments by a regulator
 among others. We compare the fair value of its reporting unit to its respective carrying value
 including related goodwill. Future changes in the industry could impact the results of future annual impairment tests. There can be no assurance that future tests of goodwill impairment will not result in impairment charges. For the year ended July 31
 2015
 the Company recorded an impairment loss of $53
073 due to a business combination deemed worthless and for the year ended July 31







The Company follows the provisions of ASC 718 which requires all share-based payments to employees
 including grants of employee stock options





 whichever is more readily determinable

 whichever is earlier.





The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities
























 2015 and 2014
 the potentially dilutive shares are anti-dilutive and are thus not added into the loss per share calculations. Potential Dilutive Shares outstanding as of July 31
 2015 are 873
942







 sales taxes are collected from customers. Such taxes collected are remitted
 in a timely manner
 to the appropriate governmental tax authority on behalf of the customer. The Company&#8217;s policy is to present revenue and costs







 requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy based on the level of independent










 such as cash and cash equivalents
 prepaid expenses
 deposit
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities




 contractual terms
 default provisions
 maturity
 risk free rates
 as well as assumptions about future financings
 volatility







 but not yet adopted
 accounting standards in order to determine their effects
 if any
 on its results of operations
 financial position or cash flows. Based on that review







 the Company has negative working capital and insufficient cash flows from operation as of July 31
 2014
 and does not have the requisite liquidity to pay its current obligations. These factors
 among others
 raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management will seek to increase revenues and reduce costs










































































































































































































 Inc. as of July 31
 2014
 and the related statement of operations
 stockholders' deficiency




 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.&#160; Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting.&#160; Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.&#160; An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management




 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Nutranomics
 Inc. as of&#160; July 31
 2014









































 CPAs


















































 Inc. as of July 31
 2015
 and the related statement of operations
 stockholders&#8217; deficiency
 and cash flows for the year ended July 31
 2015.&#160; These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&#8217;s management.&#160; Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.&#160; The July 31
 2014 financial statements were audited by a predecessor independent registered public accounting firm that issued an unqualified opinion
 with a going concern explanatory paragraph
 on November 13




 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.&#160; Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting.&#160; Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.&#160; An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management




 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Nutranomics
 Inc. as of July 31
 2015
































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































757







235































































































904







918










































 750
000











467
187 and 51
151











 2015 and July 31
 2014

























266







337












975









757































455









368





































































































































































789









402



















655























































































































































011






























724







664
































917
























































































































































































217









172








































217











172





























































433







587




































433







587























217









172































217









172

























































































































217











172







































































































 ammortization




















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 July 31






005


















271









585




























































500








































































500






































































429



























































































































































































172













172




































 July 31






151


















337









757



















368














































































































425

































































































































172






































































117








































































999






























































































































































































































































217















217




































 Jul 31






467


















266









975



















455

































 (the Company) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on February 14
 1996
 and later reincorporated under the laws of the State of Utah on January 5
 1998. The Company was originally organized to provide education services
 books
 cassette tapes and public presentations. The Company utilized several revenue generating tools in order to accomplish this goal including Live Blood Analysis
 iridology
 bone density screening and other self-help methods. In 1998
 the Company changed its incorporation to the State of Utah
 the primary place of business. In 2001
 the Company created its own line of nutritional products that quickly became its leading revenue source. The Company filed for the &#8220;dba&#8221; of &#8220;NutraNomics&#8221; in order to fully prepare and utilize the brand name for expansion. In retail outlets and to its clientele
 the Company was known as &#8220;NutraNomics&#8221; (and is now known as &#8220;NutraNomics&#8221; or &#8220;Nutranomics
 Inc.&#8221; pursuant to the below-described merger). The Company sells its own brand of supplements in 16 countries direct to the public. The Company also performs research and development services and outsource manufacturing for third party entities. Beyond its sales in both the United States and Canada
 the Company maintains sales representatives in Taiwan
 Japan
 Singapore
 Philippines
 Malaysia and South Korea. The Company maintains multiple different trademarks







 2013
 Buka Ventures
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation (Buka)
 and Health Education Corporation dba Nutranomics
 a Utah corporation (Nutranomics)
 executed and delivered a Share Exchange Agreement (the Share Agreement) and all required or necessary documentation to complete a merger (collectively
 the Transaction Documents)
 whereby Buka became the parent company and Nutranomics became the wholly-owned subsidiary on the closing of the Share Agreement. Prior to the closing of this transaction and pursuant to a certain Share Exchange Agreement dated September 13
 2013
 Buka canceled 25
000
000 of its 46
500
000 issued and outstanding common shares and simultaneously issued 25
005
544 shares of its common stock in exchange for 8
994
800 shares of Nutranomics common stock
 and in connection with the transaction
 Buka changed its name to &#8220;Nutranomics
 Inc.&#8221; The transaction has been treated as a reverse acquisition and a recapitalization of a public company. Accordingly
 the historic financial statements of the Company are the historic financial statements of Nutranomics
 which was incorporated on January 5
 1998
 and &#8220;Company&#8221; refers to both the Health Education Corporation dba Nutranomics subsidiary and parent corporation
 Nutranomics
 Inc.




 2015
 Nutranomics
 Inc. (the Company) entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with Nutriband Ltd.
 an Irish private limited company (Nutriband)
 and its shareholders to acquire 100% of Nutriband in exchange for (1) the issuance of 3
172
554 shares of the Company's common stock to Nutriband's shareholder
 Gareth Sheridan








 including the economic environment
 which management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Management adjusts such estimates and assumptions when facts and circumstances dictate. As future events and their effects cannot be determined with precision











 2015 and 2014





 sale of retail products




 Revenue Recognition (&#8220;SAB 104&#8221;)
 and other applicable revenue recognition guidance under US GAAP. Sales revenue is recognized for our retail and wholesale customers when: (i) persuasive evidence of a sales arrangement exists
 (ii) the sales terms are fixed or determinable
 (iii) title and risk of loss have transferred
 and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured &#8212; generally when products are shipped to the customer and services are rendered
 except in situations in which title passes upon receipt of the products by the customer. In this case
 revenues are recognized upon notification that customer receipt has occurred. The Company accrues an estimated amount for sales returns and allowances related to defective or returned products at the time of sale based on its ability to estimate sales returns and allowances using historical information. As of July 31
 2015 and 2014













 distribution fees
 testing and labeling costs
 as well as any associated administrative fees. The Company recognizes these revenues after the product has been shipped from the outsource manufacturer to the trade partner. The Company has contractual obligation to pay the outsource manufacturers
 and as a principal in these arrangements the Company includes the total product price as revenue in accordance with applicable accounting guidance. The Company has separately negotiated contractual relationships with its trade partners



The Company recorded unearned revenue of $227
919 and $338
263 as of July 31
 2015 and 2014





 direct labor and overhead costs)
 shipping and handling expense
 insurance on inventory





471 and $156
708 during the years ended July 31
 2015 and 2014





 do not bear interest and do not generally require collateral. The Company adjusts credit limits based upon payment history and the customer&#8217;s current creditworthiness. The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon a variety of factors. The Company reviews all open accounts and provides specific reserves for customer collection issues when it believes the loss is probable
 considering such factors as the length of time receivables are past due
 the financial condition of the customer
 and historical experience. The Company also records a reserve for all customers
 excluding those that have been specifically reserved for
 based upon evaluation of historical losses. The Company recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts of $136
567 and $106
617 as of July 31
 2015 and 2014




Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. The cost for inventories is determined using the first-in
 first-out method on the weighted average basis. The cost includes all expenditures incurred in bringing the goods to the point of sale and putting them in a salable condition. In assessing the ultimate realization of inventories
 the Company makes judgments as to future demand requirements compared to current or committed inventory levels. The Company estimates the demand requirements based on market conditions
 forecasts prepared by its customers
 sales contracts and orders in hand. In addition
 the Company estimates net realizable value based on intended use
 current market value and inventory aging analyses. The Company writes down inventories for estimated obsolescence or unmarketable inventory equal to the difference between the cost of inventories and their estimated market value based upon assumptions about future demand and market conditions. 












































































































































 which potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk
 consist principally of cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 lines of credit
 and notes payable. Due to short-term maturities
 the carrying amount of these instruments approximates fair value. Our cash balances are maintained in accounts held by major banks and financial institutions located in the United States. The Company occasionally maintains amounts on deposit with a financial institution that are in excess of the federally insured limit of $250
000. The risk is managed by maintaining all deposits in high quality financial institutions. The Company had $0 of cash balances in excess of federally insured limits at July 31






































































 the impairment to be recognized was measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets.&#160; Assets to be disposed of were reported at the lower of the carrying value or fair value

 2015 and 2014
 respectively.




 including estimation of future cash flows
 which is dependent on internal forecasts
 estimation of the long-term rate of growth for the businesses
 the useful life over which cash flows will occur and determination of our weighted average cost of capital. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and/or conclusions on goodwill impairment for each reporting unit. We will conduct our annual goodwill impairment test as of July 31 of each year or more frequently if indicators of impairment exist. We periodically analyze whether any such indicators of impairment exist. A significant amount of judgment is involved in determining if an indicator of impairment has occurred. Such indicators may include a sustained significant decline market capitalization
 a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate
 unanticipated competition and/or slower expected growth rates
 adverse actions or assessments by a regulator
 among others. We compare the fair value of its reporting unit to its respective carrying value
 including related goodwill. Future changes in the industry could impact the results of future annual impairment tests. There can be no assurance that future tests of goodwill impairment will not result in impairment charges. For the year ended July 31
 2015
 the Company recorded an impairment loss of $53
073 due to a business combination deemed worthless and for the year ended July 31
















093 and $32
233 during the years ended July 31
 2015 and 2014




The Company follows the provisions of ASC 718 which requires all share-based payments to employees
 including grants of employee stock options





 whichever is more readily determinable

 whichever is earlier.



The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities












 2015 and 2014
 the potentially dilutive shares are anti-dilutive and are thus not added into the loss per share calculations. Potential Dilutive Shares as of July 31
 2015 are 873
942





 2015 and 2014
 respectively. The loss of this customer would have a material adverse effect on the Company&#8217;s financial condition and results of operation. There are currently three vendors that make up 76% and 54% of total purchases as of July 31
 2015 and 2014





 sales taxes are collected from customers. Such taxes collected are remitted
 in a timely manner
 to the appropriate governmental tax authority on behalf of the customer. The Company&#8217;s policy is to present revenue and costs





 requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy based on the level of independent










 such as cash and cash equivalents
 prepaid expenses
 deposit
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities




 contractual terms
 default provisions
 maturity
 risk free rates
 as well as assumptions about future financings
 volatility





 but not yet adopted
 accounting standards in order to determine their effects
 if any
 on its results of operations
 financial position or cash flows. Based on that review














 the Company has negative working capital and insufficient cash flows from operation as of July 31
 2015
 and does not have the requisite liquidity to pay its current obligations. These factors
 among others
 raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management will seek to increase revenues and reduce costs







 we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However
 litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. Except as set forth below
 we are currently not aware of any such pending or threatened legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our business




 2013
 the Company&#8217;s subsidiary
 Health Education Corporation (&#8220;Health Education&#8221;)
 served a complaint on Ignite Naturals
 Inc.
 a customer (&#8220;Ignite&#8221;)
 for breach of contract and failure to pay amounts owed by Ignite for its purchase orders with Health Education
 and seeking general damages of $146
353.&#160; Ignite subsequently removed the case from Utah state court to federal district court
 and filed an Answer and Counterclaim
 which the Company answered on September 9
 2013.&#160; Ignite&#8217;s counsel subsequently withdrew from the case
 the court ordered Defendant to have new counsel appear within 21 days
 and on November 18
 2013
 the court entered an order ordering Defendant to
 within 14 days of the order
 show cause why sanctions against Defendant should not be imposed for failure to appoint counsel.&#160; On December 10
 2013
 for Defendant&#8217;s failure to appear at the initial pretrial conference or show cause why sanctions against Defendant were not appropriate
 the court entered an order imposing terminating sanctions on Defendant and directing the court clerk to enter judgment in favor of Health Education for $146
353.&#160; On December 12
 2013
 the court entered judgment in favor of Health Education against Ignite for $146



 2013
 the Company
 through counsel
 sent a demand to Zions Bank (&#8220;Zions&#8221;) in connection with the three wires sent by Zions pursuant to oral instructions received from the person fraudulently identifying himself as Dr. Gibbs via telephone (totaling $208
920)
 for an immediate credit to the Company&#8217;s bank account of all unrecovered funds from those wires (totaling $54
028).&#160; On January 7
 2014
 the Company settled with Zions in full
 and Zions paid the Company $27



 2014
 the Company&#8217;s subsidiary
 Health Education Corporation (&#8220;Health Education&#8221;)
 was served a copy of a complaint filed by EpicEra Incorporated (&#8220;Epic&#8221;) in the Utah Third Judicial District Court for the return of a $100
000 deposit paid by Epic to Health Education for the supply of nutritional products.&#160;On April 16
 2014
 Health Education answered the Complaint and filed a counterclaim against Epic and third-party claims against eCosway USA
 Inc. (&#8220;eCosway
&#8221; which is Epic&#8217;s owner)
 and its principals
 for breach of a non-disclosure and non-circumvention agreement
 unjust enrichment
 fraud
 and fraudulent nondisclosure.&#160;Health Education&#8217;s claims alleged that (1) eCosway and its principals have defrauded Health Education and engaged in a scheme of corporate espionage to misappropriate Health Education&#8217;s proprietary information and trade secrets to launch their new multilevel marketing company
 Epic; (2) under the fraudulent guise of partnering with Health Education to have Health Education formulate and produce the health products to be sold by Epic&#8217;s distributors
 eCosway and its principals signed a non-disclosure and non-circumvention agreement that they had no intention of honoring in order to gain access to Health Education&#8217;s proprietary information so that they could steal that information and use it for their own benefit; (3) Health Education relied upon the non-disclosure and non-circumvention agreement and misrepresentations of Epic
 eCosway
 and its principals
 and disclosed the proprietary information and formulations
 which Epic then appropriated as its own.&#160;Health Education&#8217;s claims request general damages as well as punitive damages. On May 6
 2015
 fact discovery concluded
 and expert discovery has also concluded. Epic filed a motion for summary judgment on or about June 2
 2015
 Health Education opposed the motion on or about June 19
 2015
 and a hearing was scheduled for September 9
 2015. After receiving arguments
 the court ruled that EpicEra&#8217;s motion for summary judgment was denied in part and granted in part
 ordering that the case would be tried regarding whether Nutranomics was entitled to offset the Epic deposit by purchases it made and labor it used in performing on the purchase order with EpicEra
 and as to the breach of contract claim filed by Nutranomics against EpicEra for not fulfilling the purchase order agreement

 2015
 Wrona
 Gordon &amp; DuBois withdrew as counsel for Nutranomics.



 2015
 the Company was served a copy of a complaint filed by NHK Laboratories
 Inc.
 in the Superior Court of California
 County of Los Angeles
 arising out of an alleged breach of contract by the Company and seeking $79
770 in principal
 plus interest and attorney fees. The Company retained local counsel who answered the complaint. On October 21
 2015
 the court ordered Nutranomics to provide additional documentation to the plaintiff




 2015
 KBM Worldwide
 Inc. and Vis Vires Group
 Inc.
 two of the Company's creditors



On or about October 16

 the Company&#8217;s subsidiary
 Health Education Corporation (&#8220;Health Education&#8221;)
 and our founder and director
 Tracy Gibbs (&#8220;Gibbs&#8221;)
 were served a copy of a complaint filed by KeyBank in the Utah Third Judicial District Court for breach of contract of a loan made by KeyBank to Health Education and guaranteed by Gibbs (the &#8220;Loan&#8221;). The Loan was entered into on or August 28
 2012
 and KeyBank alleged that it was owed outstanding principal of approximately $173
370.80
 with additional amounts due for accrued interest
 late fees
 and attorney fees. Health Education negotiated a repayment plan with KeyBank
 entering into a forbearance agreement on or about November 9
 2015
 with an effective date of November 5
 2015
 pursuant to which Health Education would immediately pay KeyBank $25
578.01
 interest only of approximately $914.40 on December 1
 2015
 and the full amount due under the loan documents
 or approximately $156
506.75 on or before December 31
 2015
 with both Health Education and Gibbs signing confessions of judgment to be filed by KeyBank if the agreed amounts were not paid.&#160; On November 10
 2015
 Health Education paid KeyBank $25




 other than as disclosed herein
 there were no commitments
 contingencies









































































































































































































































































































































417









027



















































546









070



































































































 because the likelihood of realization of the related tax benefits cannot be established. Accordingly
 a valuation allowance has been recorded to reduce the net deferred tax asset to zero
 and consequently there is no income tax provision or benefit presented for the fiscal years ended July 31
 2015 and 2014. The valuation allowance decreased by $65
621 to $672




 2015
 the Company had net operating loss carryforwards for tax reporting purposes of approximately $2
417
988. These net operating loss carryforwards
 if unused
 begin to expire in 2024. As of July 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company has no liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits. The Company&#8217;s policy is to recognize potential interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits within income tax expense. For the years ended July 31
 2015
 and 2014
 the Company did not recognize any interest or penalties in its statement of operations
 nor did it have any interest or penalties accrued in its balance sheet at July 31




 2013







 2015
 the prior agreements between Heath Education and Genesar were superseded by a new license agreement between the Company and Genesar 
 wherein the Company received a worldwide exclusive license to all rights relating to
 and intellectual property regarding
 GenEpic&#8482;
 a dietary supplement
 conditionally based on the Company selling 10
000 units of GenEpic between the last quarter of 2015 and 2016
 20
000 units in 2017
 40
000 units in 2018
 50
000 units in 2019
 60
000 units in 2020 and 65
000 units ongoing annually from 2021 on. The Company agreed to pay Genesar a royalty equal to $6.50 per box sold by the Company with the exception of sales for clinical trials. The license agreement shall be perpetual except by mutual written consent of the parties
















000 square foot office in the Draper
 Utah that serves as its principal executive offices. The lease expires on December 31
 2016. Pursuant to the lease
 the rent for the fiscal years ended July 31
 2015 and 2014 totaled $49
625 and $50
115



The Company has three separate subleases for three rooms totaling 1


$1
850
 respectively.



 2013 and is now leased on a month-to-month basis. Rent expense under the operating lease totaled $3
479 and $4
346 at July 31
 2015 and 2014


































































































 2015 and 2014. Depreciation expense was $7
330 and $7
442 for the years ended July 31
 2015 and 2014



















































































































































 the Company entered into a two year
 zero percent note with an 8% imputed interest rate with a director in the amount of $150
000. The note was due on December 31




 2014
 the Company settled its related party note payable in the amount of $35
036 with a Company director in exchange for $30
000 cash
 additional paid in capital of $3
989
 and offsets of $1




392 in the years ended July 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. As of July 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company owed a total of $0 and $36







 2015 and 2014
 the officer lent $0 and $0
 and the Company made payments of $6
397 and $3
431
 respectively. As of July 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company owed a total of $15
997 and $21
















The Company maintained a Line of Credit with KeyBank (the Lender). The Line of Credit was opened on August 28
 2012
 with an available $250
000 to be drawn on for one year
 not to exceed the principal amount (draw period). Once the draw period was completed
 advances would no longer be permitted and the Company was to repay the principal and interest outstanding
 over 5 years (repayment period). The repayment period began August 28
 2013
 after which a minimum monthly payment amount was to be determined. The initial interest rate was 5.210%
 and was variable. The variable interest rate was based on an independent index which was the prime rate as published each business day in the Money Rates column of the Wall Street Journal. Interest on the note was computed on a 365/365 simple interest basis
 using 1.960% points over the index. The Lender and the Company executed a commercial security agreement. With this agreement
 the Lender was entitled to a security interest in the Company's inventory
 chattel paper
 accounts receivable and general intangibles. In August 2013
 the line of credit was converted into a note
 and the Company was no longer able to borrow any additional funds. Under the terms of the note
 the note had a face value of $250
000 that matures on September 1
 2018
 with an interest rate of prime plus 1.960%
 and as of the date of the note
 the interest rate was 5.21%. The note had minimum monthly payments of $4
745 which started on October 1
 2013. The balance outstanding on this note and line of credit as of July 31
 2015 and July 31
 2014
 was 181
721 and $208
901
 respectively. As of July 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company has paid $45
185 and $41
099 in principal payments. The Lender allowed the Company to absorb a prior $50
000 note into this note
 not affecting the repayment date. The Company did incur issuance costs of $4
037
 which were expensed upon occurrence. A default under the note on April 28
 2015
 was corrected on June 10
 2015
 with the Company agreeing to an extension fee of $1
590 and legal fees of $1
429. On or about October 16

 the Company&#8217;s subsidiary
 Health Education Corporation (&#8220;Health Education&#8221;)
 and our founder and director
 Tracy Gibbs (&#8220;Gibbs&#8221;)
 were served a copy of a complaint filed by KeyBank in the Utah Third Judicial District Court for breach of contract of a loan made by KeyBank to Health Education and guaranteed by Gibbs (the &#8220;Loan&#8221;). The Loan was entered into on or August 28
 2012
 and KeyBank alleged that it was owed outstanding principal of approximately $173
370.80
 with additional amounts due for accrued interest
 late fees
 and attorney fees. Health Education negotiated a repayment plan with KeyBank
 entering into a forbearance agreement on or about November 9
 2015
 with an effective date of November 5
 2015
 pursuant to which Health Education would immediately pay KeyBank $25
578.01
 interest only of approximately $914.40 on December 1
 2015
 and the full amount due under the loan documents
 or approximately $156
506.75 on or before December 31
 2015
 with both Health Education and Gibbs signing confessions of judgment to be filed by KeyBank if the agreed amounts were not paid.&#160; On November 10
 2015
 Health Education paid KeyBank $25


















































000 face value
 converted from a LOC on August 28
 2013
 interest rate of 5.21%
 matures on September 1






















































































 the Company entered into a line of credit with Zions Bank (Lender) with a credit limit of $40
000. The line bears a compounding per annum fixed interest rate of 5.25%. As of July 31
 2015 and July 31
 2014
 the Company owed $35
337 and $33
098 in principal
 respectively. The Lender executed a commercial security agreement. With this agreement
 the Lender is entitled to a security interest in the Company's inventory
 chattel paper
 accounts receivable and general intangibles. The Company did incur a setup fee


















 2015 and July 31
 2014



































































000 face value
 issued on September 27
 2013
 interest rate of 10%
 matures on September 27
























000 face value
 issued on October 18
 2013
 interest rate of 10%
 matures on October 18




















000 face value
 issued on November 22
 2013
 interest rate of 10%
 matures on November 22




















500 face value
 of which
 $78
500 was converted
 issued on January 14
 2014
 interest rate of 8% and a default rate of 22%
 matured on October 14
 2014
 net of unamortized discount of $29
759 and $78
500 as of July 31
 2015 and July 31



















000 face value
 of which
 $53
000 was converted
 issued on March 19
 2014
 interest rate of 8% and a default rate of 22%
 matured on December 26
 2014
 net of unamortized discount of $13
913 and $33
000 as of July 31
 2015 and July 31



















000 face value
 loan default resulted in loan balance 150% balance increase of $25
055
 of which
 $23
960 was converted
 issued on May 15
 2014
 interest rate of 8%
 and a default rate of 22%
 matured on February 2
 2015
 net of unamortized discount of $0 and $47
673 as of July 31
 2015 and July 31




















500 face value
 of which
 $3
667 was converted
 issued on December 2
 2014
 interest rate of 8%
 matures on December 2
 2015
 net of unamortized discount of $27
289 and $0 as of July 31
 2015 and July 31



















000 face value
 of which
 $20
574 was converted
 issued on December 2
 2014
 interest rate of 8%
 matures on September 2
 2016
 net of unamortized discount of $35
645 and $0 as of July 31
 2015 and July 31



















000 face value
 of which
 $14
078 was converted
 issued on December 16
 2014
 interest rate of 0%
 matures on December 16
 2016
 net of unamortized discount of $43
136 and $0 as of July 31
 2015 and July 31



















000 face value
 issued on March 17
 2015
 interest rate of 8% maturing on December 19
 2015
 net of unamortized discount of $14
130 and $0 as of July 31
 2015 and July 31

















500 face value
 issued on June 2
 2015
 interest rate of 12% maturing on March 2
 2016
 net of unamortized discount of $21
578 and $0 as of July 31
 2015 and July 31
















































































































































 2013
 the Company issued a convertible note to an unrelated party for $250
000 that matures in September 27
 2015. The note bears an interest rate of 10% per annum with a floor of $.005 per share
 and principal is convertible at any time after September 27




 2013
 the Company issued a convertible note to an unrelated party for $125
000 that matures in October 18
 2015. The note bears an interest rate of 10% per annum with a floor of $.005 per share
 and principal is convertible at any time after October 18




 2013
 the Company issued a convertible note to an unrelated party for $150
000 that matures in November 22
 2015. The note bears an interest rate of 10% per annum with a floor of $.005 per share
 and principal is convertible at any time after November 22














 2014
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with Asher Enterprises
 Inc. (Asher) a Delaware Corporation for an 8% convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of $78
500 which together with any unpaid accrued interest is due on October 17
 2014. This convertible note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible into shares of common stock at the holder's option 180 days from inception at a variable conversion price calculated as 58% of the Market Price
 which means the average of the lowest three Trading Prices (defined as the closing bid prices) during the ten trading day period ending on the last complete trading day prior to the conversion date with a floor of $.00005 as stated in the conversion feature. In January 2014
 the Company received cash in the amount of $58
600
 with the remaining $19
900 being used for legal and accounting fees. The Company analyzed the note on the issuance date on January 14
 2014. The Company determined that the variable conversion price and the floor exceeding the authorized number of shares results in the need for bifurcation into a separate derivative liability valued at fair market value. On January 14
 2014
 the Company estimated the fair market value of the derivative liability associated with the bifurcated conversion feature to be $87
968 and a discount on the note of $78




 2014
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with KBM Worldwide
 Inc. (KBM) a New York Corporation for an 8% convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of $53
000 which together with any unpaid accrued interest is due on December 26
 2014. This convertible note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible into shares of common stock at the holder's option 180 days from inception at a variable conversion price calculated as 58% of the Market Price
 which means the average of the lowest three Trading Prices (defined as the closing bid prices) during the three trading day period ending on the last complete trading day prior to the conversion date with a floor of $.00005 as stated in the conversion feature. In March 2014
 the Company received cash in the amount of $24
487
 with the remaining $6
898 being used for legal and accounting fees. The Company analyzed the note on the issuance date on January 14
 2014. The Company determined that the variable conversion price and the floor exceeding the authorized number of shares results in the need for bifurcation into a separate derivative liability valued at fair market value. On March 19
 2014
 the Company estimated the fair market value of the derivative liability associated with the bifurcated conversion feature to be $47
806 and a discount on the note of $49




 2014
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with KBM Worldwide
 Inc. (KBM) a New York Corporation for an 8% convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of $63
000 which together with any unpaid accrued interest is due on February 2
 2015. This convertible note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible into shares of common stock at the holder's option 180 days from inception at a variable conversion price calculated as 58% of the Market Price
 which means the average of the lowest three Trading Prices (defined as the closing bid prices) during the three trading day period ending on the last complete trading day prior to the conversion date with a floor of $.00005 as stated in the conversion feature. In May 2014
 the Company received cash in the amount of $42
500
 with the remaining $17
500 being used for legal fees. The Company analyzed the note on the issuance date on January 14
 2014. The Company determined that the variable conversion price and the floor exceeding the authorized number of shares results in the need for bifurcation into a separate derivative liability valued at fair market value. On May 15
 2014
 the Company estimated the fair market value of the derivative liability associated with the bifurcated conversion feature to be $56
591 and a discount on the note of $56




 2014
 the Company entered into a collateralized secured convertible promissory note with LG Capital Funding
 LLC (LG)
 a New York limited liability company
 for an 8% convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of $73
500
 which together with any unpaid accrued interest is due on December 2
 2015. This convertible note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible into shares of common stock at the holder's option 180 days from inception at a variable conversion price calculated as 58% of the average of the lowest three closing bid prices during the ten trading day period ending on the conversion date. This note was funded on December 10
 2014
 when the Company received cash in the amount of $70
000
 with the remaining $3
500 being used for LG's legal and other origination expenses.&#160; On December 2
 2014
 the Company also entered into a second $73
500 convertible promissory note with LG on the same terms as the first note and due on December 2
 2015
 which has not yet been funded. This note is collateralized by a secured promissory note issued by LG to the Company for $73
500
 due on August 2
 2015
 and accruing interest at the rate of 8% per annum. This note was canceled along with the derivative liability on June 3




 2014
 the Company entered into a collateralized secured convertible promissory note with Typenex Co-Investment
 LLC (Typenex)
 a Utah limited liability company
 for an 10% convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of $224
000
 of which the company is to assume $20
000 in original interest discount (OID) and legal fees and other expenses of Typenex totaling $4
000
 which together with any unpaid accrued interest is due on September 10
 2016. The note is to be issued in tranches with an initial tranche of $59
000
 of which the company received $50
000 on December 10
 2014
 with the remaining $4
000 being used for legal and other expenses of Typenex and the Company assuming $5
000 in OID. This convertible note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible into shares of common stock at a variable conversion price calculated as 58% of the average of the lowest three closing bid prices during the ten trading day period ending on the last complete trading day prior to the conversion date. The remaining three tranches of $55
000 of funding to the Company under the note will consist of $50
000 in principal and the $5
000 in OID
 which have not yet been funded
 and shall correspond to three $50
000 promissory notes issued by Typenex in favor of the Company
 accruing interest at 8% per annum and maturing on September 2




 the Company issued four warrants for a total number of shares equal to $112
000 ($29
500 for the first warrant corresponding to funding on December 10
 2014
 and $27
500 for the other three warrants corresponding to the future tranches of funding by Typenex to the Company) divided by the conversion market price in the Typenex convertible note. The warrants have an exercise price of $0.06
 subject to adjustment
 and expire on December 2
 2019. Each of the warrants are only exerciseable after the corresponding tranche of funding by Typenex to the company has been paid. Therefore
 the first warrant is currently exerciseable
 but the other three warrants are not. On December 10
 2014
 the Company estimated the fair market value of the derivative liability associated with the bifurcated conversion feature to be $84
512 and a discount on the note of $59



543
103 warrants related to the Typenex convertible debt. The 2
543
103 warrants which remain outstanding are currently exercisable at $0.06 and expire on Dec 2
 2019.&#160; Due to changes in the terms
 the warrants are re-valued
 using the lattice model each quarter. As of July 31
 2015 the warrants were valued at $71
815
 with an associated derivative liability of $56




 2014
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with JMJ Financial
 a Nevada sole proprietorship (JMJ)
 with a face amount of $350
000
 of which the company is to assume $35
000 in original interest discount (OID)
 which together with any unpaid accrued interest is due on Dec 2
 2016.&#160; The note is to be funded by JMJ at its discretion
 and the initial tranche was funded on December 16
 2014
 when the Company received cash in the amount of $55
000. The note balance funded (plus a pro rata portion of the OID) together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible into shares of common stock at a variable conversion price calculated as 65% of the average of the lowest trade price during a 25-day period ending on the last complete trading day prior to the conversion date. On December 16
 2014
 the Company estimated the fair market value of the derivative liability associated with the bifurcated conversion feature to be $71
321 and a discount on the note of $65













 2015
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with Vis Vires Group
 Inc.
 a New York Corporation
 for an 8% convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of $33
000 which together with any unpaid accrued interest is due on December 19
 2015. This convertible note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible into shares of common stock at the holder's option 180 days from inception at a variable conversion price calculated as 58% of the Market Price
 which means the average of the lowest three Trading Prices (defined as the closing bid prices) during the three trading day period ending on the last complete trading day prior to the conversion date with a floor of $.00005 as stated in the conversion feature. On April 1
 2015 the Company received cash in the amount of $20
000
 with the remaining $13
000 being used for legal fees. The Company analyzed the note on the issuance date on March 17
 2015. The Company determined that the variable conversion price and the floor exceeding the authorized number of shares results in the need for bifurcation into a separate derivative liability valued at fair market value. On April 30
 2015 the Company estimated the fair market value of the derivative liability associated with the bifurcated conversion feature to be $35
444 and a discount on the note of $33




 2015
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with Firehole River Capital
 LLC for a 12% convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of $27
500 which together with any unpaid accrued interest is due on March 2
 2015. This convertible note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible into shares of common stock at the holder's option 180 days from inception at a variable conversion price calculated as 58% of the Market Price
 which means the lowest Trading Price (defined as the closing bid prices) during the 10 trading day period ending on the last complete trading day prior to the conversion date. On July 8
 2015 the Company received cash in the amount of $17
400
 with the remaining $10
100 being used for legal fees. The Company analyzed the note on the issuance date on June 2
 2015. The Company determined that the variable conversion price exceeded the authorized number of shares results in the need for bifurcation into a separate derivative liability valued at fair market value. On July 31
 2015 the Company estimated the fair market value of the derivative liability associated with the bifurcated conversion feature to be $31
695 and a discount on the note of $27




 2015
 the Company estimated the fair market value of the derivative liability to be $93
204
 with a change in fair value of $84
703 and recorded $88







 2015 and July 31
 2014
 the Company has 750
000
000 shares of common stock authorized with a par value of $.001
 and 252
467
187 and 51
151
766 shares of common stock issued and outstanding




 2015
 the Company issued 43
425
743 shares of Common Stock as share-based compensation to employees and non-employees valued at $564
535
 based on the market price of the stock as of the applicable measurement date. The Company also issued 600
000 shares of Common Stock as part of the Equity Purchase Agreement described in the following paragraphs for cash for $37
990. The company also entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with Nutriband Ltd.
 an Irish private limited company (Nutriband)
 and its shareholders to acquire 100% of Nutriband in exchange for the issuance of 3
172
554 shares of the Company's common stock to Nutriband's shareholder
 Gareth Sheridan. The company also completed the acquisition of the AES&#8482; intellectual property by issuing 44
117
647 shares of the Company's common stock to Dr. Gibbs's family partnership
 the Zen Family LP. The Company also issued 109
999
477 shares common stock in connection with convertible note conversion notices valued at $260







 2015
 we entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with Nutriband&#8217;s owner
 Nutriband Ltd.
 an Irish private limited company (Nutriband Ireland)
 and its shareholders to acquire 100% of Nutriband Ireland in exchange for (1) the issuance of 3
172
554 shares of the Company's common stock to Nutriband Ireland's shareholder
 Gareth Sheridan







 LP (Southridge) on December 9
 2013. Pursuant to the Equity Purchase Agreement
 Southridge committed to purchase up to $10
000
000 of the Company's common stock
 over a period of time terminating on the earlier of: (i) 24 months from the effective date of a registration statement to be filed in connection therewith or (ii) the date on which Southridge has purchased shares of common stock pursuant to this agreement for an aggregate maximum purchase price of $10
000




 simultaneously with delivery of a Put Notice




 when aggregated with all other shares of common stock of the Company then beneficially owned by Southridge
 would result in Southridge owning more than 9.99% of all of the Company's common stock then outstanding. Also as part of the equity purchase agreement
 the Company issued a promissory note to Southridge for $50
000
 with 0% interest. This note matured on May 31
 2014
 and was not convertible into common stock. Finally
 as part of the equity purchase agreement






























if an injunction shall have been issued and remain in force
 or action commenced by a governmental authority which has not been stayed or abandoned
 prohibiting the purchase or the issuance of the shares to Southridge;




if the Company has not complied with their obligations and are otherwise in breach of or in default under
 the Equity Purchase Agreement
 our registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement) with Southridge or any other agreement executed in connection therewith with Southridge;
















 or as a result of any lawsuit brought by a third-party arising out of or resulting from Southridge's execution
 delivery




500
000 shares to be issued to Southridge under the Equity Purchase Agreement was declared effective by the SEC on May 5
 2014. As of July 31
 2014
 2
100







 establishes a framework for measuring fair value under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and enhances disclosures about fair value measurements. Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value under FASB ASC 820 must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The standard describes a fair value hierarchy based on three levels of inputs
 with the first two inputs considered observable and the last input considered unobservable


















 other than level one inputs

















 which consists of a derivative liability on certain convertible notes payable (see NOTE 11). As of July 31
 2015 this derivative liability had an estimated fair value of $70




 which was our only financial instrument measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant inputs other than level one inputs that are either directly or indirectly observable (Level 2) as of July 31




























































































































































































 2014
 December 26
 2014
 and February 2



INDUSTRY SEGMENT







 Greater China
 South Asia/Pacific
 Europe
 Middle East
 and Americas. The following table sets forth the revenue for each of the geographic regions for the years ended July 31














































































594













































































































































































789

















402

















 net

 2015 and 2014



















































































































































































































































































































































787

















393



















































 2015 and 2014







 2015




 2015
 KBM Worldwide converted $840 of additional principal related to its April 30
 2014 convertible note into 8
400




 2015
 JMJ Financial converted $692 of additional principal related to its December 10
 2014 convertible note into 12
595




 2015
 KBM Worldwide converted $815 of additional principal related to its April 30
 2014 convertible note into 13
583




 2015
 Typenex Co-Investment
 LLC converted $1
310 of additional principal related to its December 2
 2014 convertible note into 27
300




 2015
 Evolution Capital Partners
 LLC converted $862 of additional principal related to its December 10
 2014 convertible note into 15
680




 2015
 JMJ Financial converted $905 of additional principal related to its December 10
 2014 convertible note into 16
460




 2015
 Evolution Capital Partners
 LLC converted $3
400 of additional principal related to its August 18
 2013 convertible note into 8
500




 2015
 Typenex Co-Investment
 LLC converted $1
699 of additional principal related to its December 2
 2014 convertible note into 35
400




 2015
 Michael Doron resigned from all positions with the Company including as President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer
 and member of the Board of Directors
 and Edward J. Eyring
 II
 M.D.
 was appointed was appointed President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer













On September 29

382 in satisfaction of his accrued salary and stock payables. 



 2015
 and at such time received a note from the company in the principal amount of $299




 2015
 Wrona




 2015
 KBM Worldwide converted $1
630 of additional principal related to its April 30
 2014 convertible note into 13
583




 2015
 KBM Worldwide converted $700 of additional principal related to its April 30
 2014 convertible note into 5
833




 2015
 KBM Worldwide converted $1
630 of additional principal related to its April 30
 2014 convertible note into 13
583




 2015
 KBM Worldwide converted $2
725 of additional principal related to its April 30
 2014 convertible note into 19
464




 2015
 KBM Worldwide converted $2
725 of additional principal related to its April 30
 2014 convertible note into 19
464




 2015
 KBM Worldwide converted $2
920 of additional principal related to its April 30
 2014 convertible note into 19
466




 2015
 KBM Worldwide converted $5
525 of additional principal related to its April 30
 2014 convertible note into 24
021




 2015
 LG Capital Funding
 LLC converted $3
053 of additional principal related to its December 2
 2014 convertible note into 13
157




 2015
 Zen Family LP
 an entity controlled by our founder and director
 Tracy Gibbs
 returned 1
000
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock to the Company for cancellation and was issued 1
000



On or about October 16

 the Company&#8217;s subsidiary
 Health Education Corporation (&#8220;Health Education&#8221;)
 and our founder and director
 Tracy Gibbs (&#8220;Gibbs&#8221;)
 were served a copy of a complaint filed by KeyBank in the Utah Third Judicial District Court for breach of contract of a loan made by KeyBank to Health Education and guaranteed by Gibbs (the &#8220;Loan&#8221;). The Loan was entered into on or August 28
 2012
 and KeyBank alleged that it was owed outstanding principal of approximately $173
370.80
 with additional amounts due for accrued interest
 late fees
 and attorney fees. Health Education negotiated a repayment plan with KeyBank
 entering into a forbearance agreement on or about November 9
 2015
 with an effective date of November 5
 2015
 pursuant to which Health Education would immediately pay KeyBank $25
578.01
 interest only of approximately $914.40 on December 1
 2015
 and the full amount due under the loan documents
 or approximately $156
506.75 on or before December 31
 2015
 with both Health Education and Gibbs signing confessions of judgment to be filed by KeyBank if the agreed amounts were not paid.&#160; On November 10
 2015
 Health Education paid KeyBank $25




 2015
 KBM Worldwide converted $5
540 of additional principal related to its April 30
 2014 convertible note into 14
205
















On September 24
 2013

 Gibb &amp; Associates
Mantyla McReynolds

 2012
 contained no adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty
 audit scope or accounting principle except to indicate that there was substantial doubt about the Company ability to continue as a going concern.


On May 21
 2014

 The reports of Mantyla with respect to Health Education Corporation as of and for the fiscal years ended July 31
 2013 and July 31
 2012
 contained no adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty
 audit scope or accounting principle except to indicate that there was substantial doubt about the Company ability to continue as a going concern.


On December 26
 2014
Green &amp; Company

 2014
 contained no adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty
 audit scope or accounting principle except to indicate that there was substantial doubt about the Company ability to continue as a going concern.









 2015
 covered by this Form&#160;10-K.&#160;&#160;Based upon such evaluation
 the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that
 as of the end of such period















































 a system of internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of the control system are met and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Further
 over time




 2015
 based upon the framework in Internal Control&#8211;Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on that evaluation
 our management has concluded that
 as of July 31
 2015
 the Company had material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting. Specifically
 management identified the following material weaknesses at July 31

































































































 2010







 2015
 Michael Doron resigned from all positions with the Company including as President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer
 and member of the Board of Directors
 and Edward J. Eyring
 II
 M.D.
 was appointed President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer




 there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect







 no matter how well designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the control system&#8217;s objectives will be met.&#160;Further
 the design of the control system must reflect that there are resource constraints and that the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within the company have been detected.&#160;These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake.&#160;Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons
 by collusion of two or more people
 or by management override of controls.&#160;The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
 and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions.&#160;&#160;Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks.&#160;Over time












Item 10. Directors




























 CEO
 CFO


















 II
 M.D.
 age 48
 is a previously Board-certified colorectal surgeon and successful entrepreneur in the healthcare industry with an extensive and successful record of practice and business development. By the time he entered medical school in the late 1980&#8217;s
 Dr. Eyring had already spent nearly a decade apprenticing with his father
 an orthopedic surgeon who treated orphaned children in developing nations.&#160;A fascination with medicine
 coupled with the satisfaction of helping people in need




 Dr. Eyring had already learned first-hand about the calamity of disease progression in patients with limited access to preventative care or treatment. Inspired by these experiences




 Dr. Eyring witnessed devastating results of insufficient access to preventative care or treatment. He had an opportunity to work&#160;with a naturopathic medical doctor and learned benefits of a more integrative







 Dr. Eyring has been Managing Director of Domaine Global LLC; from 2010-2013
 Dr. Eyring was the Founder
 CEO and Chair of Simplify Rx
 Inc.; in 2013
 Dr. Eyring was a Medical Director at Aeromedical Collection Services; in 2014
 Dr. Eyring founded American Recovery Company
 which he has operated until the present date; from 2004-2013
 Dr. Eyring was the founding partner and Medical Director of Physicians Pharmaceutical&#160; Services; from 2005-2012
 Dr. Eyring was the owner and principal researcher of Synergies Medical Research
 LLC; from 2000-2013
 Dr. Eyring was a surgeon and Founding Practice Leader at Integrative GI Healthcare; and from 2000-2012
 Dr. Eyring was the sole proprietor of the Pelvic Floor Diagnostic Center in Murray













 age 45
 is currently our chief science officer and formulator of our products
 and is a director. From September 19
 2013
 through September 23
 2014
 he was also our President
 CEO
 CFO
 and Secretary. Prior to September 19
 2013
 when we acquired our wholly owned subsidiary
 Health Education Corporation
 he was the CEO and founder of Health Education Corporation. Dr. Gibbs earned a PhD in Pharmacognosy from KenchiKenkyu Gakkuin (Graduate School of Health Sciences) in Japan. He has also completed extensive studies in exocrinology
 embryology
 hematology
 and nephrology and is studying to acquire a degree as a Naturopathic Medical Doctor (NMD) from Central States College of Health Sciences in Ohio. He has apprenticed with Dr. Bernard Jenson
 PhD
 Dr. Naria Kennedy
 MD




 Utah
 to release an additional four books in the U.S. He currently teaches courses on Live Blood Analysis and Herbal Medicine once every three months in the United States
 and he also teaches various herbal medicine classes in other countries. Dr. Gibbs has lectured all over the world on the clinical applications of herbal medicine and has unique insight on the future innovation of herb-based drugs in the U.S. He operated a school in Japan and one in the U.S. that teach heads of households how to use herbs in everyday situations as an alternative to visiting crowded medical clinics




 dba NutraNomics since its start in 1996. From 2009 to 2011
 he took a leave of absence and was hired as the VP of Asia Operations for Atrium Innovations
 a publicly traded holding company based in Quebec
 Canada
 for several dietary supplement manufacturers and brands including Douglas Labs
 Garden of Life
 Pure Encapsulations












 and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. There are no agreements with respect to the election of directors. Officers are appointed by our Board of Directors














 our directors and officer have not


















 or of any partnership
 corporation or business association of which he was a general partner or executive officer









 judgment
 or decree
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state authority
 permanently or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting
 his involvement in any type of business
 securities
 futures
 commodities
 investment
 banking
 savings and loan
 or insurance activities









 and the judgment has not been reversed
 suspended









 or a party to
 any federal or state judicial or administrative order
 judgment
 decree
 or finding
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants)
 relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation
 any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including
 but not limited to
 a temporary or permanent injunction
 order of disgorgement or restitution
 civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order
 or removal or prohibition order









 or a party to
 any sanction or order
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26)))
 any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29)))
 or any equivalent exchange
 association









 directors
 and any corporate agents in terms sufficiently broad to indemnify such persons under certain circumstances for liabilities
 including reimbursement for expenses
 incurred arising under the 1933 Act. The Bylaws of the Company provide that the Company will indemnify its directors and officers to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by law and such right to indemnification will continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or officer of the Company and will inure to the benefit of his or her heirs
 executors and Consultants; provided
 however
 that
 except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification



 to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board of Directors













 the Company may maintain insurance
 at its expense
 to protect itself and any director
 officer
 employee or agent of the Company or another company against any expense
 liability or loss
 whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense






 2015





 directors and employees









 and is independent as the term is used in Item 7(d)(3)(iv) of Schedule 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934




 we currently do not have nominating
 compensation or audit committees or committees performing similar functions
 nor do we have a written nominating











 earned by or paid to the named persons for services rendered in all capacities during the noted periods. No other executive officer received total annual salary and bonus compensation in excess of $100







































































































































































































 Chief Financial Officer (and as a director) on or about September 23
 2014
 and resigned on September 29











 and was our CEO and CFO from September 19
 2013
 through September 23
 2014
 when he resigned as CEO and CFO
 and Mr. Doron was appointed as CEO and CFO. Prior to September 19
 2013
 Dr. Gibbs was the CEO and founder of our wholly owned subsidiary
 Health Education Corporation











 Health Education
 our wholly owned subsidiary

 2015
 our subsidiary
 Health Education entered into a Bill of Sale and Assignment (the Assignment) to purchase from Dr. Gibbs 100% of his rights
 title and interest in and to the Assimilation Enhancing System (AES&#8482;) and related patent (US Patent Number 7
235
390) and intellectual property
 in exchange for the issuance of 44
117
647 shares of the Company's common stock. The Assignment terminated the AES License and Royalty Agreement between Health Education and Dr. Gibbs dated as of June 14
 2007
 and the issuance of the shares to Dr. Gibbs under the assignment satisfied outstanding royalties owed to Dr. Gibbs



 chief science officer
 and director
 Dr. Tracy Gibbs
 and is currently paying Dr. Gibbs a salary of $4




 2014
 Michael Doron was appointed as our President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer
 Secretary and a director
 and entered into an employment contract with the Company. Pursuant to the contract
 Mr. Doron was to be compensated in the amount of $250
000 per year
 $80
000 of which was to be paid in cash
 $120
000 of which was to be deferred
 and $50
000 of which was to be paid in the form of Company common stock on a quarterly basis and valued at the previous 5-day volume weighted average price of the Company's common stock.&#160;Mr. Doron was to also receive an additional equity award during the first year of employment equal to 0.83% of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company following the completion of each month of employment during the first year.&#160;Mr. Doron resigned on September 29
 2015
 and at such time received a note from the company in the principal amount of $299


















 2015
 no director or executive officer has received compensation from us pursuant to any compensatory or benefit plan. During the fiscal year
 the Company issued shares to an employee of the Company and to a director of its subsidiary
 Health Education Corporation
 valued at $38
027. There is no plan or understanding
 express or implied
 to pay any compensation to any director or executive officer pursuant to any compensatory or benefit plan
 although we anticipate that we will compensate our officers and directors for services to us with stock or options to purchase stock







 2015
 or July 31







 2015



















































 Chief Science Officer








932
















 CEO
 CFO
 Secretary








657





















590




















 Chief Science Officer








932




















116















 CEO
 CFO
 Secretary








657






















226

















196















 Chief Science Officer








000
























165
512 shares issued and outstanding as of October 22










880
522 shares of common stock and 1
000
000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock are held in the name of the ZEN Family LP

 Salt Lake City
 Utah

 33% Dylan Gibbs
 33% Nathan Gibbs
 and 1% Tracy K. Gibbs.&#160; Tyler
 Dylan and Nathan Gibbs are the sons of Tracy K. Gibbs
 our founder and director and former CEO
 who has the sole voting power over the shares held by the ZEN Family LP.&#160; An additional 52
125 shares are held in the name of Tyler

















 LLC. Mr. Doron resigned from all positions with the Company on September 29























Item 13.&#160;&#160; Certain Relationships and Related Transactions




 2014 fiscal year
 of any currently proposed transaction
 in which we were or are to be a participant and the amount involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of $120
000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at year end for the last two completed fiscal years
 and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other than compensation described under &#8220;Executive Compensation&#8221;). We believe the terms obtained or consideration that we paid or received
 as applicable
 in connection with the transactions described below were comparable to terms available or the amounts that would be paid or received
 as applicable




 2013
 we closed a share exchange agreement with Health Education Corporation and its shareholders.&#160; Upon closing of the share exchange agreement
 we issued 11
762




 Health Education entered into a two year
 zero percent note with an 8% imputed interest rate with the same officer
 Tracy K. Gibbs
 in the amount of $150
000. The note is due on December 31

 2014
 the Company settled its related party note payable in the amount of $35
036 with a Company director in exchange for $30
000 cash
 additional paid in capital of $3
989
 and offsets of $1
138 in related party liabilities. The Company paid royalty payments of $0 and $38
392 in the years ended July 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. As of July 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company owed a total of $0 and $36

 2015 and 2014
 the Company owed a total of $0 and $36




 2015
 the Company also issued 90
715
944 shares of common stock for share-based compensation
 acquisitions
 and consulting services. On January 29
 2015
 the Company completed the acquisitions of Nutriband and the AES&#8482; intellectual property by issuing (1) 3
172
554 shares of the Company's common stock to the Nutriband seller
 and (2) 44
117
647 shares of the Company's common stock to the family partnership of the Company's founder and director
 Dr. Gibbs. On January 29
 2015
 the Company issued 5
000
000 shares of the Company's common stock to an entity controlled by Michael Doron
 the Company's CEO and director
 in consideration for Mr. Doron's previous appointment to the Company's Board of Directors. On January 29
 2015
 the Company issued 2
500
000 shares of the Company's common stock to an entity controlled by Michael Doron in consideration for Mr. Doron's negotiation and closing of the Nutriband acquisition. On January 29
 2015
 the Company issued 30
157
463 shares of the Company's common stock to an entity controlled by Michael Doron in satisfaction of the Company's obligations to Mr. Doron under the Company's employment contract with Mr. Doron. On January 29
 2015
 the Company issued 5
768




 2015
 and at such time received a note from the company in the principal amount of $299






The following table sets forth the fees billed by our principal independent accountants
 Green &amp; Company Certified Public Accountants and 












































































































































&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Consists of fees billed for services relating to review of other regulatory filings including registration statements
 periodic reports and audit related consulting.



 Consists of professional services rendered by our principal accountant for tax compliance



&#160;Other services provided for legal contracts
 accounting software
 merchant
 bank















Item 15.&#160;&#160; Exhibits



















 2013 (incorporated by reference to our Form 8-K filed on September 24





























filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on September 9
 2013 with an effective date of September 19
 2013 (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 19










 dated January 26
 2015 (incorporated by reference to our Form 8-K filed on February 2










 LLC (incorporated by reference to our Amendment No. 2 to Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on December 12










 dated January 26
 2015 (incorporated by reference to our Form 8-K filed on February 2










 LLC dba Genesar Nutraceuticles
 dated August 25










 Gibb &amp; Associates
 L.L.C.
 dated September 25
 2013 regarding Change in Certifying Accountant (incorporated by reference to our Amendment No. 1 to Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on September 27









Mantyla McReynolds
 LLC
 dated May 22
 2014











 dated December 26
 2014
 regarding Change in Certifying Accountant (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 30





















































































































 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned



















 II















 II













 II
























 II













 II





























































    Document created using EDGARfilings PROfile 3.6.1.0
    Copyright 1995 - 2015 Summit Financial Printing












 Edward J. Eyring
 II








 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made




 the consolidated financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for







 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 is made known to us by others within those entities




 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision








 or is reasonably likely to materially affect




 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting



 process




 whether or not material































































    Document created using EDGARfilings PROfile 3.6.1.0
    Copyright 1995 - 2015 Summit Financial Printing












 Edward J. Eyring
 II



Nutranomics
 Inc.



 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made




 the consolidated financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for







 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 is made known to us by others within those entities




 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision








 or is reasonably likely to materially affect




 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting



 process




 whether or not material

































































    Document created using EDGARfilings PROfile 3.6.1.0
    Copyright 1995 - 2015 Summit Financial Printing
















 Edward J. Eyring
 II 


 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002








 in all material respects

































































    Document created using EDGARfilings PROfile 3.6.1.0
    Copyright 1995 - 2015 Summit Financial Printing
















 Edward J. Eyring
 II 


 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002








 in all material respects


































































 November 14














2012-01-31













2012-01-01


2012-01-31













2012-08-28













2012-08-01


2012-08-28












2013-06-01


2013-06-17












2013-08-31












2013-08-01


2013-08-31














2013-09-13














2013-09-01


2013-09-13














2013-09-01


2013-09-13












2013-11-01


2013-11-22














2013-12-09













2013-12-09














2013-12-01


2013-12-09













2013-12-01


2013-12-09












2013-12-01


2013-12-12












2014-01-01


2014-01-07













2014-01-14













2014-01-01


2014-01-14













2014-03-19













2014-03-01


2014-03-19












2014-03-01


2014-03-20













2014-05-01


2014-05-05













2014-05-15













2014-05-01


2014-05-15









2013-08-01


2014-07-31













2013-08-01


2014-07-31













2013-08-01


2014-07-31













2013-08-01


2014-07-31













2013-08-01


2014-07-31













2013-08-01


2014-07-31













2013-08-01


2014-07-31













2013-08-01


2014-07-31













2013-08-01


2014-07-31













2013-08-01


2014-07-31













2013-08-01


2014-07-31













2013-08-01


2014-07-31













2013-08-01


2014-07-31












2013-08-01


2014-07-31












2013-08-01


2014-07-31












2013-08-01


2014-07-31












2013-08-01


2014-07-31













2013-08-01


2014-07-31













2013-08-01


2014-07-31













2013-08-01


2014-07-31












2013-08-01


2014-07-31












2013-08-01


2014-07-31












2013-08-01


2014-07-31













2013-08-01


2014-07-31












2013-08-01


2014-07-31









2014-07-31













2014-07-31













2014-07-31













2014-07-31













2014-07-31












2014-07-31













2014-07-31













2014-07-31













2014-07-31













2014-07-31












2014-07-31













2014-07-31













2014-07-31













2014-07-31












2014-07-31












2014-07-31












2014-07-31












2014-07-31













2014-07-31














2014-07-31














2014-07-31














2014-07-31













2014-07-31













2014-07-31













2014-07-31













2014-07-31













2014-07-31














2014-12-02













2014-12-02













2014-12-02














2014-12-01


2014-12-02













2014-12-01


2014-12-02













2014-12-01


2014-12-02













2014-12-10













2014-12-01


2014-12-10













2014-12-12













2014-12-01


2014-12-12













2014-12-16













2014-12-01


2014-12-16












2015-01-01


2015-01-16













2015-01-26












2015-01-26













2015-01-01


2015-01-26












2015-01-01


2015-01-26









2015-01-31













2015-03-01


2015-03-17













2015-04-01













2015-03-30


2015-04-01
























2015-04-02


2015-04-30













2015-06-02













2015-06-01


2015-06-02












2015-06-01


2015-06-10













2015-07-08













2015-07-01


2015-07-08









2014-08-01


2015-07-30














2015-05-01


2015-07-31









2014-08-01


2015-07-31













2014-08-01


2015-07-31













2014-08-01


2015-07-31













2014-08-01


2015-07-31













2014-08-01


2015-07-31













2014-08-01


2015-07-31













2014-08-01


2015-07-31













2014-08-01


2015-07-31













2014-08-01


2015-07-31













2014-08-01


2015-07-31













2014-08-01


2015-07-31













2014-08-01


2015-07-31













2014-08-01


2015-07-31












2014-08-01


2015-07-31












2014-08-01


2015-07-31












2014-08-01


2015-07-31












2014-08-01


2015-07-31













2014-08-01


2015-07-31













2014-08-01


2015-07-31













2014-08-01


2015-07-31












2014-08-01


2015-07-31












2014-08-01


2015-07-31












2014-08-01


2015-07-31













2014-08-01


2015-07-31













2014-08-01


2015-07-31












2014-08-01


2015-07-31












2014-08-01


2015-07-31












2014-08-01


2015-07-31













2014-08-01


2015-07-31














2014-08-01


2015-07-31














2014-08-01


2015-07-31














2014-08-01


2015-07-31













2014-08-01


2015-07-31












2014-08-01


2015-07-31












2014-08-01


2015-07-31












2014-08-01


2015-07-31













2014-08-01


2015-07-31












2014-08-01


2015-07-31












2014-08-01


2015-07-31













2014-08-01


2015-07-31













2014-08-01


2015-07-31













2014-08-01


2015-07-31












2014-08-01


2015-07-31













2014-08-01


2015-07-31













2014-08-01


2015-07-31













2014-08-01


2015-07-31









2015-07-31













2015-07-31













2015-07-31













2015-07-31













2015-07-31












2015-07-31













2015-07-31













2015-07-31













2015-07-31













2015-07-31












2015-07-31













2015-07-31













2015-07-31













2015-07-31












2015-07-31












2015-07-31












2015-07-31












2015-07-31













2015-07-31














2015-07-31














2015-07-31














2015-07-31













2015-07-31













2015-07-31













2015-07-31













2015-07-31













2015-07-31













2015-07-31













2015-07-31














2015-08-01


2015-08-06














2015-08-01


2015-08-12













2015-08-01


2015-08-18














2015-08-01


2015-08-18














2015-08-01


2015-08-21













2015-08-01


2015-08-21













2015-08-01


2015-08-25














2015-08-01


2015-08-27














2015-08-01


2015-08-27














2015-09-01


2015-09-08














2015-09-01


2015-09-29













2015-09-01


2015-09-29














2015-10-01


2015-10-05














2015-10-01


2015-10-06














2015-10-01


2015-10-06














2015-10-01


2015-10-07














2015-10-01


2015-10-09














2015-10-01


2015-10-12














2015-10-01


2015-10-15














2015-10-01


2015-10-15













2015-10-01


2015-10-15














2015-10-01


2015-10-15














2015-10-01


2015-10-16














2015-10-01


2015-10-20















2015-11-01


2015-11-09















2015-11-01


2015-11-10









2015-11-11















2015-11-01


2015-12-01














2016-05-01


2016-07-31














2017-05-01


2017-07-31














2018-05-01


2018-07-31














2019-05-01


2019-07-31














2020-05-01


2020-07-31














2021-05-01


2021-07-31









2013-07-31












2013-07-31












2014-07-31












2013-07-31












2014-07-31












2013-07-31












2014-07-31












2013-07-31












2014-07-31












2015-07-31












2015-07-31












2015-07-31












2015-07-31





















NUTRANOMICS





















































































































































































































































&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Health Education Corporation dba NutraNomics
 (the Company) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on February 14
 1996
 and later reincorporated under the laws of the State of Utah on January 5
 1998. The Company was originally organized to provide education services
 books
 cassette tapes and public presentations. The Company utilized several revenue generating tools in order to accomplish this goal including Live Blood Analysis
 iridology
 bone density screening and other self-help methods. In 1998
 the Company changed its incorporation to the State of Utah
 the primary place of business. In 2001
 the Company created its own line of nutritional products that quickly became its leading revenue source. The Company filed for the &amp;#8220;dba&amp;#8221; of &amp;#8220;NutraNomics&amp;#8221; in order to fully prepare and utilize the brand name for expansion. In retail outlets and to its clientele
 the Company was known as &amp;#8220;NutraNomics&amp;#8221; (and is now known as &amp;#8220;NutraNomics&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;Nutranomics
 Inc.&amp;#8221; pursuant to the below-described merger). The Company sells its own brand of supplements in 16 countries direct to the public. The Company also performs research and development services and outsource manufacturing for third party entities. Beyond its sales in both the United States and Canada
 the Company maintains sales representatives in Taiwan
 Japan
 Singapore
 Philippines
 Malaysia and South Korea. The Company maintains multiple different trademarks
 trade names and patents.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Merger&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On September 13
 2013
 Buka Ventures
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation (Buka)
 and Health Education Corporation dba Nutranomics
 a Utah corporation (Nutranomics)
 executed and delivered a Share Exchange Agreement (the Share Agreement) and all required or necessary documentation to complete a merger (collectively
 the Transaction Documents)
 whereby Buka became the parent company and Nutranomics became the wholly-owned subsidiary on the closing of the Share Agreement. Prior to the closing of this transaction and pursuant to a certain Share Exchange Agreement dated September 13
 2013
 Buka canceled 25
000
000 of its 46
500
000 issued and outstanding common shares and simultaneously issued 25
005
544 shares of its common stock in exchange for 8
994
800 shares of Nutranomics common stock
 and in connection with the transaction
 Buka changed its name to &amp;#8220;Nutranomics
 Inc.&amp;#8221; The transaction has been treated as a reverse acquisition and a recapitalization of a public company. Accordingly
 the historic financial statements of the Company are the historic financial statements of Nutranomics
 which was incorporated on January 5
 1998
 and &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221; refers to both the Health Education Corporation dba Nutranomics subsidiary and parent corporation
 Nutranomics
 Inc.
 where the context requires.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On January 26
 2015
 Nutranomics
 Inc. (the Company) entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with Nutriband Ltd.
 an Irish private limited company (Nutriband)
 and its shareholders to acquire 100% of Nutriband in exchange for (1) the issuance of 3
172
554 shares of the Company's common stock to Nutriband's shareholder
 Gareth Sheridan


&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&amp;#8220;US GAAP&amp;#8221;) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates and assumptions are based on management&amp;#8217;s best estimates and judgment. Management evaluates its estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis using historical experience and other factors
 including the economic environment
 which management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Management adjusts such estimates and assumptions when facts and circumstances dictate. As future events and their effects cannot be determined with precision
 actual results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Accounting Basis&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s financial statements are prepared using the accrual basis of accounting in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The Company has elected a July 31 fiscal year end.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents include all cash balances and highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less. As of July 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company&amp;#8217;s cash balances were within the FDIC insurance coverage limits.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Our revenue is derived from the service revenue from&amp;#160;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Live Blood Analysis&lt;/font&gt;
 sale of retail products
 and revenue derived from educational services.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s revenue recognition policy is in accordance with the requirements of Staff Accounting Bulletin (&amp;#8220;SAB&amp;#8221;) No. 104
 Revenue Recognition (&amp;#8220;SAB 104&amp;#8221;)
 and other applicable revenue recognition guidance under US GAAP. Sales revenue is recognized for our retail and wholesale customers when: (i) persuasive evidence of a sales arrangement exists
 (ii) the sales terms are fixed or determinable
 (iii) title and risk of loss have transferred
 and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured &amp;#8212; generally when products are shipped to the customer and services are rendered
 except in situations in which title passes upon receipt of the products by the customer. In this case
 revenues are recognized upon notification that customer receipt has occurred. The Company accrues an estimated amount for sales returns and allowances related to defective or returned products at the time of sale based on its ability to estimate sales returns and allowances using historical information. As of July 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company calculated the amount to be less than 3% of sales so no allowance was accrued in either year. Shipping and handling fees and related freight costs and supplies associated with shipping products to customers are included as a component of cost of sales. Payments received before all of the relevant criteria for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as unearned revenue.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new;&gt;The Company also recognizes revenues from the distribution of its product through trade partners. Related revenues consist of product costs
 distribution fees
 testing and labeling costs
 as well as any associated administrative fees. The Company recognizes these revenues after the product has been shipped from the outsource manufacturer to the trade partner. The Company has contractual obligation to pay the outsource manufacturers
 and as a principal in these arrangements the Company includes the total product price as revenue in accordance with applicable accounting guidance. The Company has separately negotiated contractual relationships with its trade partners
 and under contracts with these trade partners the Company assumes the credit risk of product produced by the outsource manufacturer and dispensed to the trade partner.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Unearned Revenues consist of cash received in advance for products to be delivered at a future date. The Company records the payments received as a liability until the products are delivered.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;The Company recorded unearned revenue of $227
919 and $338
263 as of July 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Cost of Sales&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company includes product costs (i.e. material
 direct labor and overhead costs)
 shipping and handling expense
 insurance on inventory
 production-related depreciation expense and product license agreement expense in cost of sales.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Advertising Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company classifies expenses for advertising as general and administrative expenses. The Company incurred advertising costs of $76
471 and $156
708 during the years ended July 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Accounts Receivable&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Receivables from the sale of goods and services are stated at net realizable value
 do not bear interest and do not generally require collateral. The Company adjusts credit limits based upon payment history and the customer&amp;#8217;s current creditworthiness. The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon a variety of factors. The Company reviews all open accounts and provides specific reserves for customer collection issues when it believes the loss is probable
 considering such factors as the length of time receivables are past due
 the financial condition of the customer
 and historical experience. The Company also records a reserve for all customers
 excluding those that have been specifically reserved for
 based upon evaluation of historical losses. The Company recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts of $136
567 and $106
617 as of July 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Inventories&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. The cost for inventories is determined using the first-in
 first-out method on the weighted average basis. The cost includes all expenditures incurred in bringing the goods to the point of sale and putting them in a salable condition. In assessing the ultimate realization of inventories
 the Company makes judgments as to future demand requirements compared to current or committed inventory levels. The Company estimates the demand requirements based on market conditions
 forecasts prepared by its customers
 sales contracts and orders in hand. In addition
 the Company estimates net realizable value based on intended use
 current market value and inventory aging analyses. The Company writes down inventories for estimated obsolescence or unmarketable inventory equal to the difference between the cost of inventories and their estimated market value based upon assumptions about future demand and market conditions.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;As of July 31 inventories consisted of the following:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;July 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;July 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Raw materials&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;11
355&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;41
056&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Finished goods&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;111
290&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;230
885&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Subtotal&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;122
645&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;271
941&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Reserve for obsolescence&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;122
645&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;271
941&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Concentration of Credit Risk&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Financial instruments
 which potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk
 consist principally of cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 lines of credit
 and notes payable. Due to short-term maturities
 the carrying amount of these instruments approximates fair value. Our cash balances are maintained in accounts held by major banks and financial institutions located in the United States. The Company occasionally maintains amounts on deposit with a financial institution that are in excess of the federally insured limit of $250
000. The risk is managed by maintaining all deposits in high quality financial institutions. The Company had $0 of cash balances in excess of federally insured limits at July 31
 2015 and 2014.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Property and equipment are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation and amortization are calculated using the straight-line method over the expected useful life of the asset
 after the asset is placed in service. Assets recorded under leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the lesser of their useful lives or the related lease term. The Company uses the following useful lives for its major classifications of property and equipment:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; background-color: #ffffff; width: 576px; vertical-align: middle;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Description&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; background-color: #ffffff; width: 177px; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; background-color: #ffffff; width: 814px; vertical-align: middle;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Useful Lives&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 576px; vertical-align: middle;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Furniture &amp;amp; Fixtures&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 177px; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 814px; vertical-align: middle;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;7 years&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 576px; vertical-align: middle;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Office Furniture&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 177px; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 814px; vertical-align: middle;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;5 years&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 576px; vertical-align: middle;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Equipment &amp;amp; Machinery&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 177px; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 814px; vertical-align: middle;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;5-7 years&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 576px; vertical-align: middle;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Leasehold Improvements&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 177px; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 814px; vertical-align: middle;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;15 years&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Impairment of Long-Lived Assets&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company evaluates the carrying value of its long-lived assets at least annually.&amp;#160; Impairment losses were recorded on long-lived assets used in operations when indicators of impairment were present and the undiscounted future cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets were less than the assets&amp;#8217; carrying amount. If such assets were impaired
 the impairment to be recognized was measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets.&amp;#160; Assets to be disposed of were reported at the lower of the carrying value or fair value
 less costs to sell.&amp;#160; The Company recorded no impairment loss&amp;#160;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;during the years ended July 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Goodwill&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Goodwill represents the premium paid over the fair value of the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets we have acquired in our business combinations. We perform a goodwill impairment test on at least an annual basis. Application of the goodwill impairment test requires significant judgments
 including estimation of future cash flows
 which is dependent on internal forecasts
 estimation of the long-term rate of growth for the businesses
 the useful life over which cash flows will occur and determination of our weighted average cost of capital. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and/or conclusions on goodwill impairment for each reporting unit. We will conduct our annual goodwill impairment test as of July 31 of each year or more frequently if indicators of impairment exist. We periodically analyze whether any such indicators of impairment exist. A significant amount of judgment is involved in determining if an indicator of impairment has occurred. Such indicators may include a sustained significant decline market capitalization
 a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate
 unanticipated competition and/or slower expected growth rates
 adverse actions or assessments by a regulator
 among others. We compare the fair value of its reporting unit to its respective carrying value
 including related goodwill. Future changes in the industry could impact the results of future annual impairment tests. There can be no assurance that future tests of goodwill impairment will not result in impairment charges. For the year ended July 31
 2015
 the Company recorded an impairment loss of $53
073 due to a business combination deemed worthless and for the year ended July 31
 2014 no impairment loss was recorded.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; margin-top: 10pt; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; margin-bottom: 10pt; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; clear: both; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&lt;u&gt;Research and Development Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company expenses the costs of the development of its nutritional products during the period incurred. The Company incurred research and development expenses of $2
093 and $32
233 during the years ended July 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company follows the provisions of ASC 718 which requires all share-based payments to employees
 including grants of employee stock options
 to be recognized in the statement of operations based on their fair values. The Company uses the Black-Scholes option valuation model for determining the fair value of stock based compensation.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;Option pricing models require the input of highly subjective assumptions
 including the expected price volatility. Changes in these assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company records the stock-based compensation awards issued to non-employees and other external entities for goods and services at either the fair market value of the goods received or services rendered or the instruments issued in exchange for such services
 whichever is more readily determinable
 using the measurement date guidelines pertaining to when the&amp;#160;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;service is complete or a performance commitment date is reached
 whichever is earlier.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities
 and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws expected to be in effect when the differences are expected to be settled or realized.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;The effect on deferred income tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Deferred income tax assets are reviewed for recoverability
 and the Company records a valuation allowance to reduce its deferred income tax assets when it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred income tax assets will not be realized.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company recognizes the effect of tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not of being sustained. Recognized tax positions are measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. Estimated interest and penalties related to underpayment of income taxes are recorded as a component of the tax provision in the statement of operations.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Loss per Share&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Basic loss per share (EPS) is computed by dividing net loss (the numerator) by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period (the denominator). Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of common shares and potential common shares outstanding (if dilutive) during each period. Potential common shares include common shares to be issued related to convertible debentures and stock pending issue under the ratchet provision.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;As the Company has incurred losses for the years ended July 31
 2015 and 2014
 the potentially dilutive shares are anti-dilutive and are thus not added into the loss per share calculations. Potential Dilutive Shares as of July 31
 2015 are 873
942
968.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Significant Concentrations&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;There is currently one customer that makes up 21% and 38% of total sales as of July 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. The loss of this customer would have a material adverse effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s financial condition and results of operation. There are currently three vendors that make up 76% and 54% of total purchases as of July 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Sales Tax Collected From Customers&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;As a part of the Company&amp;#8217;s normal course of business
 sales taxes are collected from customers. Such taxes collected are remitted
 in a timely manner
 to the appropriate governmental tax authority on behalf of the customer. The Company&amp;#8217;s policy is to present revenue and costs
 net of value added and sales taxes.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;ASC 820
&amp;#160;&lt;font style=font-style: italic; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#8220;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures&amp;#8221;&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy based on the level of independent
 objective evidence surrounding the inputs used to measure fair value. A financial instrument&amp;#8217;s categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. ASC 820 prioritizes the inputs into three levels that may be used to measure fair value:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; margin-left: 36pt; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Level 1 - Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; margin-left: 36pt; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are either directly or indirectly observable; and&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; margin-left: 36pt; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity
 therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The carrying amounts of the Company&amp;#8217;s financial assets and liabilities
 such as cash and cash equivalents
 prepaid expenses
 deposit
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities
 and due to a related party approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s Level 2 financial liabilities consist of the derivative liability of the Company&amp;#8217;s convertible promissory notes issued to investors. There is no current market for these securities such that the determination of fair value requires significant judgment or estimation. The Company used a multinomial lattice model which incorporates transaction details such as Company stock price
 contractual terms
 default provisions
 maturity
 risk free rates
 as well as assumptions about future financings
 volatility
 and holder behavior as of the date of issuance and each balance sheet date.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company has reviewed recently issued
 but not yet adopted
 accounting standards in order to determine their effects
 if any
 on its results of operations
 financial position or cash flows. Based on that review
 the Company believes that none of these pronouncements will have a significant effect on its financial statements.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Going Concern&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s financial statements are prepared using generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a going concern that contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has generally had net losses after consideration of income taxes. Further
 the Company has negative working capital and insufficient cash flows from operation as of July 31
 2015
 and does not have the requisite liquidity to pay its current obligations. These factors
 among others
 raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management will seek to increase revenues and reduce costs


 CONTINGENCIES AND LEGAL MATTERS&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;From time to time
 we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However
 litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. Except as set forth below
 we are currently not aware of any such pending or threatened legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition or operating results.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On June 17
 2013
 the Company&amp;#8217;s subsidiary
 Health Education Corporation (&amp;#8220;Health Education&amp;#8221;)
 served a complaint on Ignite Naturals
 Inc.
 a customer (&amp;#8220;Ignite&amp;#8221;)
 for breach of contract and failure to pay amounts owed by Ignite for its purchase orders with Health Education
 and seeking general damages of $146
353.&amp;#160; Ignite subsequently removed the case from Utah state court to federal district court
 and filed an Answer and Counterclaim
 which the Company answered on September 9
 2013.&amp;#160; Ignite&amp;#8217;s counsel subsequently withdrew from the case
 the court ordered Defendant to have new counsel appear within 21 days
 and on November 18
 2013
 the court entered an order ordering Defendant to
 within 14 days of the order
 show cause why sanctions against Defendant should not be imposed for failure to appoint counsel.&amp;#160; On December 10
 2013
 for Defendant&amp;#8217;s failure to appear at the initial pretrial conference or show cause why sanctions against Defendant were not appropriate
 the court entered an order imposing terminating sanctions on Defendant and directing the court clerk to enter judgment in favor of Health Education for $146
353.&amp;#160; On December 12
 2013
 the court entered judgment in favor of Health Education against Ignite for $146
353.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On November 22
 2013
 the Company
 through counsel
 sent a demand to Zions Bank (&amp;#8220;Zions&amp;#8221;) in connection with the three wires sent by Zions pursuant to oral instructions received from the person fraudulently identifying himself as Dr. Gibbs via telephone (totaling $208
920)
 for an immediate credit to the Company&amp;#8217;s bank account of all unrecovered funds from those wires (totaling $54
028).&amp;#160; On January 7
 2014
 the Company settled with Zions in full
 and Zions paid the Company $27
014.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On March 20
 2014
 the Company&amp;#8217;s subsidiary
 Health Education Corporation (&amp;#8220;Health Education&amp;#8221;)
 was served a copy of a complaint filed by EpicEra Incorporated (&amp;#8220;Epic&amp;#8221;) in the Utah Third Judicial District Court for the return of a $100
000 deposit paid by Epic to Health Education for the supply of nutritional products.&amp;#160;On April 16
 2014
 Health Education answered the Complaint and filed a counterclaim against Epic and third-party claims against eCosway USA
 Inc. (&amp;#8220;eCosway
&amp;#8221; which is Epic&amp;#8217;s owner)
 and its principals
 for breach of a non-disclosure and non-circumvention agreement
 unjust enrichment
 fraud
 and fraudulent nondisclosure.&amp;#160;Health Education&amp;#8217;s claims alleged that (1) eCosway and its principals have defrauded Health Education and engaged in a scheme of corporate espionage to misappropriate Health Education&amp;#8217;s proprietary information and trade secrets to launch their new multilevel marketing company
 Epic; (2) under the fraudulent guise of partnering with Health Education to have Health Education formulate and produce the health products to be sold by Epic&amp;#8217;s distributors
 eCosway and its principals signed a non-disclosure and non-circumvention agreement that they had no intention of honoring in order to gain access to Health Education&amp;#8217;s proprietary information so that they could steal that information and use it for their own benefit; (3) Health Education relied upon the non-disclosure and non-circumvention agreement and misrepresentations of Epic
 eCosway
 and its principals
 and disclosed the proprietary information and formulations
 which Epic then appropriated as its own.&amp;#160;Health Education&amp;#8217;s claims request general damages as well as punitive damages. On May 6
 2015
 fact discovery concluded
 and expert discovery has also concluded. Epic filed a motion for summary judgment on or about June 2
 2015
 Health Education opposed the motion on or about June 19
 2015
 and a hearing was scheduled for September 9
 2015. After receiving arguments
 the court ruled that EpicEra&amp;#8217;s motion for summary judgment was denied in part and granted in part
 ordering that the case would be tried regarding whether Nutranomics was entitled to offset the Epic deposit by purchases it made and labor it used in performing on the purchase order with EpicEra
 and as to the breach of contract claim filed by Nutranomics against EpicEra for not fulfilling the purchase order agreement
 while Nutranomics&amp;#8217;s claims against eCosway and Glenn Jensen for Breach of the Non-Disclosure and Non-Circumvention
 agreement were dismissed based on insufficient proof of damages.&amp;#160;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On September 30
 2015
 Wrona
 Gordon &amp;amp; DuBois withdrew as counsel for Nutranomics.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On January 16
 2015
 the Company was served a copy of a complaint filed by NHK Laboratories
 Inc.
 in the Superior Court of California
 County of Los Angeles
 arising out of an alleged breach of contract by the Company and seeking $79
770 in principal
 plus interest and attorney fees. The Company retained local counsel who answered the complaint. On October 21
 2015
 the court ordered Nutranomics to provide additional documentation to the plaintiff
 and Nutranomics is currently providing the requested documentation.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On June 24
 2015
 KBM Worldwide
 Inc. and Vis Vires Group
 Inc.
 two of the Company's creditors
 sent the Company notices of default for the Company's failure to comply with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On or about October 16
 2015&lt;/font&gt;
 the Company&amp;#8217;s subsidiary
 Health Education Corporation (&amp;#8220;Health Education&amp;#8221;)
 and our founder and director
 Tracy Gibbs (&amp;#8220;Gibbs&amp;#8221;)
 were served a copy of a complaint filed by KeyBank in the Utah Third Judicial District Court for breach of contract of a loan made by KeyBank to Health Education and guaranteed by Gibbs (the &amp;#8220;Loan&amp;#8221;). The Loan was entered into on or August 28
 2012
 and KeyBank alleged that it was owed outstanding principal of approximately $173
370.80
 with additional amounts due for accrued interest
 late fees
 and attorney fees. Health Education negotiated a repayment plan with KeyBank
 entering into a forbearance agreement on or about November 9
 2015
 with an effective date of November 5
 2015
 pursuant to which Health Education would immediately pay KeyBank $25
578.01
 interest only of approximately $914.40 on December 1
 2015
 and the full amount due under the loan documents
 or approximately $156
506.75 on or before December 31
 2015
 with both Health Education and Gibbs signing confessions of judgment to be filed by KeyBank if the agreed amounts were not paid.&amp;#160; On November 10
 2015
 Health Education paid KeyBank $25
578.01 as agreed. See Note 10.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Management of the Company has conducted a diligent search and concluded that
 other than as disclosed herein
 there were no commitments
 contingencies


&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; margin-top: 3pt; text-indent: 0px; font: bold 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; margin-bottom: 3pt; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; margin-top: 3pt; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; margin-bottom: 3pt; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The provision for income taxes consists of the following:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; letter-spacing: normal; font-size: 10pt; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;July 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;July 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Federal income tax expense&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;State income tax expense&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Less change in valuation allowance&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Net income tax expense&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; margin-top: 3pt; text-indent: 0px; font: bold 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; margin-bottom: 3pt; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; margin-top: 3pt; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; margin-bottom: 3pt; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;A reconciliation of income taxes computed at the federal statutory rate of 34% for July 31
 2015 and 2014 is as follows:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; letter-spacing: normal; font-size: 10pt; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Federal income taxes at 34%&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(672
941&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(738
562&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;State income tax
 net of federal benefit&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(71
684&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Change in net operating loss&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Tax effect on non-deductible expenses and credits&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;1844&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Changes in valuation allowance&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;672
941&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;808
402&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; margin-top: 3pt; text-indent: 0px; font: bold 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; margin-bottom: 3pt; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; margin-top: 3pt; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; margin-bottom: 3pt; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The tax effects of temporary differences which give rise to deferred tax assets and liabilities consists of the following:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; letter-spacing: normal; font-size: 10pt; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; id=ff34de8a9eb84de5945fc8366eeb725a border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;July 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;July 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Deferred tax asset attributable to:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Net operating loss carryover&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2
417
988&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;1
027
802&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;125
531&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;39
768&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Depreciation&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2
628&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2
776&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Less
 valuation allowance&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(2
546
147&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(1
070
346&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Net deferred tax asset&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Deferred tax liability attributable to:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Depreciation&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Net deferred tax liabilities&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; margin-top: 3pt; text-indent: 0px; font: bold 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; margin-bottom: 3pt; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; margin-top: 3pt; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; margin-bottom: 3pt; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company sustained net operating losses in 2015 in the accompanying statements of operations. No deferred tax asset or income tax benefits are reflected in the financial statements for net deductible temporary differences or net operating loss carryforwards
 because the likelihood of realization of the related tax benefits cannot be established. Accordingly
 a valuation allowance has been recorded to reduce the net deferred tax asset to zero
 and consequently there is no income tax provision or benefit presented for the fiscal years ended July 31
 2015 and 2014. The valuation allowance decreased by $65
621 to $672
941 in 2015.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; margin-top: 3pt; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; margin-bottom: 3pt; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; margin-top: 3pt; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; margin-bottom: 3pt; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;As of July 31
 2015
 the Company had net operating loss carryforwards for tax reporting purposes of approximately $2
417
988. These net operating loss carryforwards
 if unused
 begin to expire in 2024. As of July 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company has no liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits. The Company&amp;#8217;s policy is to recognize potential interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits within income tax expense. For the years ended July 31
 2015
 and 2014
 the Company did not recognize any interest or penalties in its statement of operations
 nor did it have any interest or penalties accrued in its balance sheet at July 31
 2015 and 2014 relating to unrecognized tax benefits.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; margin-top: 3pt; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; margin-bottom: 3pt; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; margin-top: 3pt; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; margin-bottom: 3pt; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company has not yet filed the federal income tax return in the U.S for the 2015 calendar year. The calendar tax years 2014
 2013


&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On August 25
 2015
 the prior agreements between Heath Education and Genesar were superseded by a new license agreement between the Company and Genesar 
 wherein the Company received a worldwide exclusive license to all rights relating to
 and intellectual property regarding
 GenEpic&amp;#8482;
 a dietary supplement
 conditionally based on the Company selling 10
000 units of GenEpic between the last quarter of 2015 and 2016
 20
000 units in 2017
 40
000 units in 2018
 50
000 units in 2019
 60
000 units in 2020 and 65
000 units ongoing annually from 2021 on. The Company agreed to pay Genesar a royalty equal to $6.50 per box sold by the Company with the exception of sales for clinical trials. The license agreement shall be perpetual except by mutual written consent of the parties


&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company leases a 3
000 square foot office in the Draper
 Utah that serves as its principal executive offices. The lease expires on December 31
 2016. Pursuant to the lease
 the rent for the fiscal years ended July 31
 2015 and 2014 totaled $49
625 and $50
115
 respectively.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company has three separate subleases for three rooms totaling 1
500 square feet of their Draper office space to three individuals on a month to month basis.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;The remaining two leases were terminated in September 2013 and October 2013. Pursuant to the sublease agreements
 the monthly rent received for the&amp;#160;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;fiscal years ended July 31
 2015 and 2014&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;totaled $0 and&amp;#160;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$1
850
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company leased certain machinery and equipment in 2013 under an agreement that is classified as an operating lease. The lease expired on July 15
 2013 and is now leased on a month-to-month basis. Rent expense under the operating lease totaled $3
479 and $4
346 at July 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The future minimum lease payments required under the operating leases as of July 31
 2014 are as follows:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table align=center style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 95%; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; letter-spacing: normal; font-size: 10pt; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;  border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year Ended July 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Amount&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1379px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;16
875&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1379px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1379px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size:
 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1379px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1379px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1379px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Total lease obligations&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;16
875&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Property and equipment consists of the following as of July 31
 2015 and 2014. Depreciation expense was $7
330 and $7
442 for the years ended July 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table align=center style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 95%; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; letter-spacing: normal; font-size: 10pt; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;  border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;July 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;July 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Furniture &amp;amp; Fixtures&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;11
860&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;11
860&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Office Furniture&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;28
932&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;28
932&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Equipment &amp;amp; Machinery&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;48
253&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;
 background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;47
002&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Accumulated Depreciation&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(78
769&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(71
439&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Net Book Value&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;10
276&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;16
355&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;In January 2012
 the Company entered into a two year
 zero percent note with an 8% imputed interest rate with a director in the amount of $150
000. The note was due on December 31
 2014. The Company agreed to pay royalty payments in connection with sales of a certain product line.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On December 12
 2014
 the Company settled its related party note payable in the amount of $35
036 with a Company director in exchange for $30
000 cash
 additional paid in capital of $3
989
 and offsets of $1
138 in related party liabilities.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company paid royalty payments of $0 and $38
392 in the years ended July 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. As of July 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company owed a total of $0 and $36


&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Related party payables consist of payments made by a director through credit cards and use of a line of credit related used to pay expenses on behalf of the Company. During the years ended July 31
 2015 and 2014
 the officer lent $0 and $0
 and the Company made payments of $6
397 and $3
431
 respectively. As of July 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company owed a total of $15
997 and $21


&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company maintained a Line of Credit with KeyBank (the Lender). The Line of Credit was opened on August 28
 2012
 with an available $250
000 to be drawn on for one year
 not to exceed the principal amount (draw period). Once the draw period was completed
 advances would no longer be permitted and the Company was to repay the principal and interest outstanding
 over 5 years (repayment period). The repayment period began August 28
 2013
 after which a minimum monthly payment amount was to be determined. The initial interest rate was 5.210%
 and was variable. The variable interest rate was based on an independent index which was the prime rate as published each business day in the Money Rates column of the Wall Street Journal. Interest on the note was computed on a 365/365 simple interest basis
 using 1.960% points over the index. The Lender and the Company executed a commercial security agreement. With this agreement
 the Lender was entitled to a security interest in the Company's inventory
 chattel paper
 accounts receivable and general intangibles. In August 2013
 the line of credit was converted into a note
 and the Company was no longer able to borrow any additional funds. Under the terms of the note
 the note had a face value of $250
000 that matures on September 1
 2018
 with an interest rate of prime plus 1.960%
 and as of the date of the note
 the interest rate was 5.21%. The note had minimum monthly payments of $4
745 which started on October 1
 2013. The balance outstanding on this note and line of credit as of July 31
 2015 and July 31
 2014
 was 181
721 and $208
901
 respectively. As of July 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company has paid $45
185 and $41
099 in principal payments. The Lender allowed the Company to absorb a prior $50
000 note into this note
 not affecting the repayment date. The Company did incur issuance costs of $4
037
 which were expensed upon occurrence. A default under the note on April 28
 2015
 was corrected on June 10
 2015
 with the Company agreeing to an extension fee of $1
590 and legal fees of $1
429. On or about October 16
 2015&lt;/font&gt;
 the Company&amp;#8217;s subsidiary
 Health Education Corporation (&amp;#8220;Health Education&amp;#8221;)
 and our founder and director
 Tracy Gibbs (&amp;#8220;Gibbs&amp;#8221;)
 were served a copy of a complaint filed by KeyBank in the Utah Third Judicial District Court for breach of contract of a loan made by KeyBank to Health Education and guaranteed by Gibbs (the &amp;#8220;Loan&amp;#8221;). The Loan was entered into on or August 28
 2012
 and KeyBank alleged that it was owed outstanding principal of approximately $173
370.80
 with additional amounts due for accrued interest
 late fees
 and attorney fees. Health Education negotiated a repayment plan with KeyBank
 entering into a forbearance agreement on or about November 9
 2015
 with an effective date of November 5
 2015
 pursuant to which Health Education would immediately pay KeyBank $25
578.01
 interest only of approximately $914.40 on December 1
 2015
 and the full amount due under the loan documents
 or approximately $156
506.75 on or before December 31
 2015
 with both Health Education and Gibbs signing confessions of judgment to be filed by KeyBank if the agreed amounts were not paid.&amp;#160; On November 10
 2015
 Health Education paid KeyBank $25
578.01 as agreed.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Loans payable consisted of the following as of July 31
 2015:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table align=center style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; width: 95%; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; letter-spacing: normal; font-size: 10pt; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;  border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=3&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;July 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=3&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;July 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=3&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=3&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size:
 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=3&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=3&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$250
000 face value
 converted from a LOC on August 28
 2013
 interest rate of 5.21%
 matures on September 1
 2018.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;181
721&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;208
901&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Total Loan payable&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;181
721&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;208
901&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Less current portion&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;181
721&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;51
071&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Loan payable
 long-term&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;157
830&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px;
 -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;In 1998
 the Company entered into a line of credit with Zions Bank (Lender) with a credit limit of $40
000. The line bears a compounding per annum fixed interest rate of 5.25%. As of July 31
 2015 and July 31
 2014
 the Company owed $35
337 and $33
098 in principal
 respectively. The Lender executed a commercial security agreement. With this agreement
 the Lender is entitled to a security interest in the Company's inventory
 chattel paper
 accounts receivable and general intangibles. The Company did incur a setup fee


&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; margin-top: 3pt; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; margin-bottom: 3pt; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Convertible notes payable consisted of the following as of July 31
 2015 and July 31
 2014
 respectively:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; word-spacing: 0px; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-style: italic; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Convertible Notes Payable&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;July 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;July 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$250
000 face value
 issued on September 27
 2013
 interest rate of 10%
 matures on September 27
 2015.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;250
000&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;250
000&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$125
000 face value
 issued on October 18
 2013
 interest rate of 10%
 matures on October 18
 2015.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;125
000&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;125
000&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$150
000 face value
 issued on November 22
 2013
 interest rate of 10%
 matures on November 22
 2015.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;150
000&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;150
000&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$78
500 face value
 of which
 $78
500 was converted
 issued on January 14
 2014
 interest rate of 8% and a default rate of 22%
 matured on October 14
 2014
 net of unamortized discount of $29
759 and $78
500 as of July 31
 2015 and July 31
 2014.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;29
759&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$53
000 face value
 of which
 $53
000 was converted
 issued on March 19
 2014
 interest rate of 8% and a default rate of 22%
 matured on December 26
 2014
 net of unamortized discount of $13
913 and $33
000 as of July 31
 2015 and July 31
 2014.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;13
913&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$63
000 face value
 loan default resulted in loan balance 150% balance increase of $25
055
 of which
 $23
960 was converted
 issued on May 15
 2014
 interest rate of 8%
 and a default rate of 22%
 matured on February 2
 2015
 net of unamortized discount of $0 and $47
673 as of July 31
 2015 and July 31
 2014.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;64
095&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;15
327&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$73
500 face value
 of which
 $3
667 was converted
 issued on December 2
 2014
 interest rate of 8%
 matures on December 2
 2015
 net of unamortized discount of $27
289 and $0 as of July 31
 2015 and July 31
 2014.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;42
544&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$59
000 face value
 of which
 $20
574 was converted
 issued on December 2
 2014
 interest rate of 8%
 matures on September 2
 2016
 net of unamortized discount of $35
645 and $0 as of July 31
 2015 and July 31
 2014.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2
780&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$65
000 face value
 of which
 $14
078 was converted
 issued on December 16
 2014
 interest rate of 0%
 matures on December 16
 2016
 net of unamortized discount of $43
136 and $0 as of July 31
 2015 and July 31
 2014.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;7
786&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$33
000 face value
 issued on March 17
 2015
 interest rate of 8% maturing on December 19
 2015
 net of unamortized discount of $14
130 and $0 as of July 31
 2015 and July 31
 2014.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;18
870&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$27
500 face value
 issued on June 2
 2015
 interest rate of 12% maturing on March 2
 2016
 net of unamortized discount of $21
578 and $0 as of July 31
 2015 and July 31
 2014.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;5
922&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Total convertible notes payable &amp;#8211; non-related parties&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;666
997&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;583
999&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Current Portion of Notes&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;661
606&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;174
500&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Discount on Notes&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;141
779&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;115
501&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Convertible notes payable-current portion net of discount&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;519
827&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;58
999&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Convertible notes payable
 long-term&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;147
170&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;525
000&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On September 27
 2013
 the Company issued a convertible note to an unrelated party for $250
000 that matures in September 27
 2015. The note bears an interest rate of 10% per annum with a floor of $.005 per share
 and principal is convertible at any time after September 27
 2013 in part or in whole into shares of the Company's Common Stock using the average closing prices for five trading days directly preceding the conversion date. Interest is not convertible and is due upon conversion or at maturity date.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On October 18
 2013
 the Company issued a convertible note to an unrelated party for $125
000 that matures in October 18
 2015. The note bears an interest rate of 10% per annum with a floor of $.005 per share
 and principal is convertible at any time after October 18
 2013 in part or in whole into shares of the Company's Common Stock using the average closing prices for five trading days directly preceding the conversion date. Interest is not convertible and is due upon conversion or at the maturity date.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On November 22
 2013
 the Company issued a convertible note to an unrelated party for $150
000 that matures in November 22
 2015. The note bears an interest rate of 10% per annum with a floor of $.005 per share
 and principal is convertible at any time after November 22
 2013 in part or in whole into shares of the Company's Common Stock using the average closing prices for five trading days directly preceding the conversion date. Interest is not convertible and is due upon conversion or at the maturity date.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On January 14
 2014
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with Asher Enterprises
 Inc. (Asher) a Delaware Corporation for an 8% convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of $78
500 which together with any unpaid accrued interest is due on October 17
 2014. This convertible note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible into shares of common stock at the holder's option 180 days from inception at a variable conversion price calculated as 58% of the Market Price
 which means the average of the lowest three Trading Prices (defined as the closing bid prices) during the ten trading day period ending on the last complete trading day prior to the conversion date with a floor of $.00005 as stated in the conversion feature. In January 2014
 the Company received cash in the amount of $58
600
 with the remaining $19
900 being used for legal and accounting fees. The Company analyzed the note on the issuance date on January 14
 2014. The Company determined that the variable conversion price and the floor exceeding the authorized number of shares results in the need for bifurcation into a separate derivative liability valued at fair market value. On January 14
 2014
 the Company estimated the fair market value of the derivative liability associated with the bifurcated conversion feature to be $87
968 and a discount on the note of $78
500.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On March 19
 2014
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with KBM Worldwide
 Inc. (KBM) a New York Corporation for an 8% convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of $53
000 which together with any unpaid accrued interest is due on December 26
 2014. This convertible note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible into shares of common stock at the holder's option 180 days from inception at a variable conversion price calculated as 58% of the Market Price
 which means the average of the lowest three Trading Prices (defined as the closing bid prices) during the three trading day period ending on the last complete trading day prior to the conversion date with a floor of $.00005 as stated in the conversion feature. In March 2014
 the Company received cash in the amount of $24
487
 with the remaining $6
898 being used for legal and accounting fees. The Company analyzed the note on the issuance date on January 14
 2014. The Company determined that the variable conversion price and the floor exceeding the authorized number of shares results in the need for bifurcation into a separate derivative liability valued at fair market value. On March 19
 2014
 the Company estimated the fair market value of the derivative liability associated with the bifurcated conversion feature to be $47
806 and a discount on the note of $49
010.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On May 15
 2014
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with KBM Worldwide
 Inc. (KBM) a New York Corporation for an 8% convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of $63
000 which together with any unpaid accrued interest is due on February 2
 2015. This convertible note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible into shares of common stock at the holder's option 180 days from inception at a variable conversion price calculated as 58% of the Market Price
 which means the average of the lowest three Trading Prices (defined as the closing bid prices) during the three trading day period ending on the last complete trading day prior to the conversion date with a floor of $.00005 as stated in the conversion feature. In May 2014
 the Company received cash in the amount of $42
500
 with the remaining $17
500 being used for legal fees. The Company analyzed the note on the issuance date on January 14
 2014. The Company determined that the variable conversion price and the floor exceeding the authorized number of shares results in the need for bifurcation into a separate derivative liability valued at fair market value. On May 15
 2014
 the Company estimated the fair market value of the derivative liability associated with the bifurcated conversion feature to be $56
591 and a discount on the note of $56
591.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On December 2
 2014
 the Company entered into a collateralized secured convertible promissory note with LG Capital Funding
 LLC (LG)
 a New York limited liability company
 for an 8% convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of $73
500
 which together with any unpaid accrued interest is due on December 2
 2015. This convertible note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible into shares of common stock at the holder's option 180 days from inception at a variable conversion price calculated as 58% of the average of the lowest three closing bid prices during the ten trading day period ending on the conversion date. This note was funded on December 10
 2014
 when the Company received cash in the amount of $70
000
 with the remaining $3
500 being used for LG's legal and other origination expenses.&amp;#160; On December 2
 2014
 the Company also entered into a second $73
500 convertible promissory note with LG on the same terms as the first note and due on December 2
 2015
 which has not yet been funded. This note is collateralized by a secured promissory note issued by LG to the Company for $73
500
 due on August 2
 2015
 and accruing interest at the rate of 8% per annum. This note was canceled along with the derivative liability on June 3
 2015 due to the fact that the Company had not maintained a stock price in excess of .002 at all times.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times,;&gt;On December 2
 2014
 the Company entered into a collateralized secured convertible promissory note with Typenex Co-Investment
 LLC (Typenex)
 a Utah limited liability company
 for an 10% convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of $224
000
 of which the company is to assume $20
000 in original interest discount (OID) and legal fees and other expenses of Typenex totaling $4
000
 which together with any unpaid accrued interest is due on September 10
 2016. The note is to be issued in tranches with an initial tranche of $59
000
 of which the company received $50
000 on December 10
 2014
 with the remaining $4
000 being used for legal and other expenses of Typenex and the Company assuming $5
000 in OID. This convertible note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible into shares of common stock at a variable conversion price calculated as 58% of the average of the lowest three closing bid prices during the ten trading day period ending on the last complete trading day prior to the conversion date. The remaining three tranches of $55
000 of funding to the Company under the note will consist of $50
000 in principal and the $5
000 in OID
 which have not yet been funded
 and shall correspond to three $50
000 promissory notes issued by Typenex in favor of the Company
 accruing interest at 8% per annum and maturing on September 2
 2016.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In conjunction with the Company's convertible note issued to Typenex and Typenex's three promissory notes issued to the Company for the three additional tranches of funding to the Company
 the Company issued four warrants for a total number of shares equal to $112
000 ($29
500 for the first warrant corresponding to funding on December 10
 2014
 and $27
500 for the other three warrants corresponding to the future tranches of funding by Typenex to the Company) divided by the conversion market price in the Typenex convertible note. The warrants have an exercise price of $0.06
 subject to adjustment
 and expire on December 2
 2019. Each of the warrants are only exerciseable after the corresponding tranche of funding by Typenex to the company has been paid. Therefore
 the first warrant is currently exerciseable
 but the other three warrants are not. On December 10
 2014
 the Company estimated the fair market value of the derivative liability associated with the bifurcated conversion feature to be $84
512 and a discount on the note of $59
000.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company has issued 2
543
103 warrants related to the Typenex convertible debt. The 2
543
103 warrants which remain outstanding are currently exercisable at $0.06 and expire on Dec 2
 2019.&amp;#160; Due to changes in the terms
 the warrants are re-valued
 using the lattice model each quarter. As of July 31
 2015 the warrants were valued at $71
815
 with an associated derivative liability of $56
034.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On December 2
 2014
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with JMJ Financial
 a Nevada sole proprietorship (JMJ)
 with a face amount of $350
000
 of which the company is to assume $35
000 in original interest discount (OID)
 which together with any unpaid accrued interest is due on Dec 2
 2016.&amp;#160; The note is to be funded by JMJ at its discretion
 and the initial tranche was funded on December 16
 2014
 when the Company received cash in the amount of $55
000. The note balance funded (plus a pro rata portion of the OID) together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible into shares of common stock at a variable conversion price calculated as 65% of the average of the lowest trade price during a 25-day period ending on the last complete trading day prior to the conversion date. On December 16
 2014
 the Company estimated the fair market value of the derivative liability associated with the bifurcated conversion feature to be $71
321 and a discount on the note of $65
000.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=margin-top: 10pt; margin-bottom: 10pt; clear: both;&gt;
&lt;div&gt;On March 17
 2015
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with Vis Vires Group
 Inc.
 a New York Corporation
 for an 8% convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of $33
000 which together with any unpaid accrued interest is due on December 19
 2015. This convertible note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible into shares of common stock at the holder's option 180 days from inception at a variable conversion price calculated as 58% of the Market Price
 which means the average of the lowest three Trading Prices (defined as the closing bid prices) during the three trading day period ending on the last complete trading day prior to the conversion date with a floor of $.00005 as stated in the conversion feature. On April 1
 2015 the Company received cash in the amount of $20
000
 with the remaining $13
000 being used for legal fees. The Company analyzed the note on the issuance date on March 17
 2015. The Company determined that the variable conversion price and the floor exceeding the authorized number of shares results in the need for bifurcation into a separate derivative liability valued at fair market value. On April 30
 2015 the Company estimated the fair market value of the derivative liability associated with the bifurcated conversion feature to be $35
444 and a discount on the note of $33
000.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On June 2
 2015
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with Firehole River Capital
 LLC for a 12% convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of $27
500 which together with any unpaid accrued interest is due on March 2
 2015. This convertible note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible into shares of common stock at the holder's option 180 days from inception at a variable conversion price calculated as 58% of the Market Price
 which means the lowest Trading Price (defined as the closing bid prices) during the 10 trading day period ending on the last complete trading day prior to the conversion date. On July 8
 2015 the Company received cash in the amount of $17
400
 with the remaining $10
100 being used for legal fees. The Company analyzed the note on the issuance date on June 2
 2015. The Company determined that the variable conversion price exceeded the authorized number of shares results in the need for bifurcation into a separate derivative liability valued at fair market value. On July 31
 2015 the Company estimated the fair market value of the derivative liability associated with the bifurcated conversion feature to be $31
695 and a discount on the note of $27
500.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;As of July 31
 2015
 the Company estimated the fair market value of the derivative liability to be $93
204
 with a change in fair value of $84
703 and recorded $88


&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;As of July 31
 2015 and July 31
 2014
 the Company has 750
000
000 shares of common stock authorized with a par value of $.001
 and 252
467
187 and 51
151
766 shares of common stock issued and outstanding
 respectively.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;During the year ended July 31
 2015
 the Company issued 43
425
743 shares of Common Stock as share-based compensation to employees and non-employees valued at $564
535
 based on the market price of the stock as of the applicable measurement date. The Company also issued 600
000 shares of Common Stock as part of the Equity Purchase Agreement described in the following paragraphs for cash for $37
990. The company also entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with Nutriband Ltd.
 an Irish private limited company (Nutriband)
 and its shareholders to acquire 100% of Nutriband in exchange for the issuance of 3
172
554 shares of the Company's common stock to Nutriband's shareholder
 Gareth Sheridan. The company also completed the acquisition of the AES&amp;#8482; intellectual property by issuing 44
117
647 shares of the Company's common stock to Dr. Gibbs's family partnership
 the Zen Family LP. The Company also issued 109
999
477 shares common stock in connection with convertible note conversion notices valued at $260
087 based on the market price as of the various measurement dates.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Business Combinations&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On January 26
 2015
 we entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with Nutriband&amp;#8217;s owner
 Nutriband Ltd.
 an Irish private limited company (Nutriband Ireland)
 and its shareholders to acquire 100% of Nutriband Ireland in exchange for (1) the issuance of 3
172
554 shares of the Company's common stock to Nutriband Ireland's shareholder
 Gareth Sheridan
 and (2) the payment of a perpetual 10% royalty on gross global sales of all Nutriband products to the Nutriband Ireland shareholders. We have not yet sold any Nutriband Products.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Equity Purchase Agreement&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company entered into an equity purchase agreement with Southridge Partners II
 LP (Southridge) on December 9
 2013. Pursuant to the Equity Purchase Agreement
 Southridge committed to purchase up to $10
000
000 of the Company's common stock
 over a period of time terminating on the earlier of: (i) 24 months from the effective date of a registration statement to be filed in connection therewith or (ii) the date on which Southridge has purchased shares of common stock pursuant to this agreement for an aggregate maximum purchase price of $10
000
000; such commitment is subject to certain conditions. The purchase price to be paid by Southridge will be 90% of the average of the lowest three (3) daily volume weighted average prices for the Company's common stock for the ten (10) trading days immediately following clearing of the Estimated Put Shares (defined below) (such purchase price the Put Purchase Price) under the Equity Purchase Agreement.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company will deliver to Southridge
 simultaneously with delivery of a Put Notice
 a number of Shares equal to 125% of the Investment Amount divided by the closing price of the Company's common stock on the day preceding the Put Notice date (the Estimated Put Shares). The actual number of Shares purchased by Southridge for the Investment Amount shall then be calculated by dividing the Investment Amount by the Put Purchase Price. Any excess Estimated Put Shares shall then be returned to the Company.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The number of Shares sold to Southridge at any time shall not exceed the number of such shares that
 when aggregated with all other shares of common stock of the Company then beneficially owned by Southridge
 would result in Southridge owning more than 9.99% of all of the Company's common stock then outstanding. Also as part of the equity purchase agreement
 the Company issued a promissory note to Southridge for $50
000
 with 0% interest. This note matured on May 31
 2014
 and was not convertible into common stock. Finally
 as part of the equity purchase agreement
 Southridge is prohibited from executing any short sales of the Company's common stock during the term of the equity purchase agreement.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company will not be entitled to put shares to Southridge:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1557px; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-indent: 18pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: symbol, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;unless there is an effective registration statement under the Securities Act to cover the resale of the shares by Southridge;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10px; vertical-align: top;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1557px; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-indent: 18pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: symbol, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;unless the common stock continues to be quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board and has not been suspended from trading;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10px; vertical-align: top;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1567px; vertical-align: top; colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-indent: 18pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: symbol, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;if an injunction shall have been issued and remain in force
 or action commenced by a governmental authority which has not been stayed or abandoned
 prohibiting the purchase or the issuance of the shares to Southridge;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1567px; vertical-align: top; colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-indent: 18pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: symbol, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;if the Company has not complied with their obligations and are otherwise in breach of or in default under
 the Equity Purchase Agreement
 our registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement) with Southridge or any other agreement executed in connection therewith with Southridge;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1567px; vertical-align: top; colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-indent: 18pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: symbol, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;since the date of the filing of the Company's most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission no event that had or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Equity Purchase Agreement) has occurred; and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1567px; vertical-align: top; colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-indent: 18pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: symbol, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;to the extent that such shares would cause Southridge's beneficial ownership to exceed 9.99% of our outstanding shares.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Equity Purchase Agreement further provides that Southridge is entitled to customary indemnification from the Company for any losses or liabilities it suffers as a result of any breach of any provisions of the Equity Purchase Agreement or the Registration Rights Agreement
 or as a result of any lawsuit brought by a third-party arising out of or resulting from Southridge's execution
 delivery
 performance or enforcement of the Equity Purchase Agreement or the Registration Rights Agreement or from material misstatements or omissions in the prospectus accompanying the registration statement for the resale of the shares issued to Southridge.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s registration statement with respect to 6
500
000 shares to be issued to Southridge under the Equity Purchase Agreement was declared effective by the SEC on May 5
 2014. As of July 31
 2014
 2
100


&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;FASB ASC 820 defines fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and enhances disclosures about fair value measurements. Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value under FASB ASC 820 must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The standard describes a fair value hierarchy based on three levels of inputs
 with the first two inputs considered observable and the last input considered unobservable
 that may be used to measure fair value as follows:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;
&lt;table style=border: 0px currentcolor; width: 100%; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=border: currentcolor; width: 80px; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-indent: 18pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: symbol, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border: currentcolor; width: 1487px; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Level one -- Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=border: currentcolor; width: 80px; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-indent: 18pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: symbol, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border: currentcolor; width: 1487px; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Level two &amp;#8211; Inputs
 other than level one inputs
 that are either directly or indirectly observable; and&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=border: currentcolor; width: 80px; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-indent: 18pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: symbol, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border: currentcolor; width: 1487px; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Level three -- Unobservable inputs developed using estimates and assumptions
 which are developed by the reporting entity and reflect those assumptions that a market participant would use.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 3pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Determining which category an asset or liability falls within the hierarchy requires significant judgment. The Company evaluates its hierarchy disclosures each quarter. The Company has one liability measured at fair value on a recurring basis
 which consists of a derivative liability on certain convertible notes payable (see NOTE 11). As of July 31
 2015 this derivative liability had an estimated fair value of $70
018. The Company has no assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 3pt; margin-bottom: 3pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 3pt; margin-bottom: 3pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The following table presents information about our derivative liability
 which was our only financial instrument measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant inputs other than level one inputs that are either directly or indirectly observable (Level 2) as of July 31
 2015:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; word-spacing: 0px; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 80% vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Balance at Jul 31
 2014&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;177
907&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 80% vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Conversions&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(260
087&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1379px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Total (gains)losses included in earnings&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(88
950&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1379px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Issuances&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;264
334&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 80% vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 80% vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Balance at Jul 31
 2015&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;93
204&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The fair value of this derivative liability was calculated using the multinomial lattice models that value the derivative liability within the notes based on a probability weighted discounted cash flow model. These models are based on future projections of the various potential outcomes. The features in the notes that were analyzed and incorporated into the model included the conversion feature with the reset provisions; redemption provisions; and the default provisions. Assumptions used to calculate the fair value of the derivative liability were as follows:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;
&lt;table align=left style=width: 783px; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 344px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 338px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff; colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;31-Jul&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 101px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 344px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 338px; vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 101px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 344px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Expected term in years&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 35px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 303px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;0-.26 years&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 101px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 344px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Risk-free interest rates&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 35px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 303px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;0.04-0.32&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 101px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 344px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Volatility&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 35px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 303px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;194 -202&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 101px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 344px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Dividend yield&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 35px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 303px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;0&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 101px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 3pt; margin-bottom: 3pt;&gt;The Company notes that these notes have matured on October 14
 2014
 December 26
 2014
 and February 2
 2015 and the Company is not currently adjusting the derivative liability for changes in fair value.&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;NOTE 14&amp;#160;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#8211;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;INDUSTRY SEGMENT
 GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION AND SIGNIFICANT CUSTOMERS&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;Geographic Sales Regions&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;We currently sell and distribute our products four geographic regions: North Asia
 Greater China
 South Asia/Pacific
 Europe
 Middle East
 and Americas. The following table sets forth the revenue for each of the geographic regions for the years ended July 31
 2015 and 2014:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
&lt;table align=center style=width: 95%; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;  border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=14&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;Twelve Months Ended Jul 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-style: italic; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=6&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=6&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 815px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Americas&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;868
054&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;48.51&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;1
594
361&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff;
 width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;66.36&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 815px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;North Asia&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;32
973&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;1.84&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;35
976&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;1.50&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 815px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Greater China&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;368
497&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;20.59&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;253
265&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;10.54&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 815px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Middle East&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;211&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;0.01&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align:
 right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;293&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;0.01&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 815px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;South Asia/Pacific&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;514
015&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;28.73&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;513
874&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;21.39&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 815px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Europe&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;5
575&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;0.32&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;5
000&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;0.20&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 815px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom;
 valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;1
789
325&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;100.00&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2
402
769&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;100.00&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The table below lists our equipment
 net
 by geographic area for&amp;#160;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;the years ended July 31
 2015 and 2014&lt;/font&gt;:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;
&lt;table align=center style=width: 95%; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;  border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=14&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;Twelve Months Ended Jul 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-style: italic; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=6&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=6&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td
 style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 815px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Americas&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;10
276&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;100.00&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;16
355&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;100.00&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 815px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;North Asia&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 815px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Greater China&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom;
 valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 815px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Middle East&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 815px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;South Asia/Pacific&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 815px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Europe&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom;
 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 815px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;10
276&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;100.00&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;16
355&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;100.00&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; margin-top: 10pt; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; margin-bottom: 10pt; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; clear: both; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; &gt;
&lt;div style=page-break-after: always; &gt;The table below lists revenue generated by each of the Company's product lines during the years ended July 31
 2015 and 2014:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;
&lt;table align=center style=width: 95%; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;  border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=15&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;Twelve Months Ended Jul 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-style: italic; font-family: 'times new roman', times,
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=7&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=7&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=3&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=3&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=3&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=3&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 815px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Product Sales&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;1
787
246&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;99.88&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2
393
071&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;99.60&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 815px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;NBA Services&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2
079&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;0.12&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;9
698&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom;
 valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;0.40&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;Significant Customers&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;There is currently one customer that makes up 21% and 38% of total sales as of July 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Management has evaluated and identified the following subsequent events through November 11
 2015
 which is the date the financial statements were available to be issued.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On August 6
 2015
 KBM Worldwide converted $840 of additional principal related to its April 30
 2014 convertible note into 8
400
000 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On August 6
 2015
 JMJ Financial converted $692 of additional principal related to its December 10
 2014 convertible note into 12
595
000 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On August 12
 2015
 KBM Worldwide converted $815 of additional principal related to its April 30
 2014 convertible note into 13
583
333 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On August 18
 2015
 Typenex Co-Investment
 LLC converted $1
310 of additional principal related to its December 2
 2014 convertible note into 27
300
000 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On August 21
 2015
 Evolution Capital Partners
 LLC converted $862 of additional principal related to its December 10
 2014 convertible note into 15
680
000 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On August 27
 2015
 JMJ Financial converted $905 of additional principal related to its December 10
 2014 convertible note into 16
460
000 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On August 27
 2015
 Evolution Capital Partners
 LLC converted $3
400 of additional principal related to its August 18
 2013 convertible note into 8
500
000 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On September 8
 2015
 Typenex Co-Investment
 LLC converted $1
699 of additional principal related to its December 2
 2014 convertible note into 35
400
000 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color:
 #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On September 29
 2015
 Michael Doron resigned from all positions with the Company including as President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer
 and member of the Board of Directors
 and Edward J. Eyring
 II
 M.D.
 was appointed was appointed President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer
 and Secretary of the Company.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; margin-top: 10pt; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; margin-bottom: 10pt; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; clear: both; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; &gt;
&lt;div style=page-break-after: always; &gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On September 29
 2015 at the time of Mr. Doron&amp;#8217;s resignation he r&lt;/font&gt;eceived a convertible note in the aggregate principal amount of $299
382 in satisfaction of his accrued salary and stock payables.&amp;#160;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;This convertible note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible into shares of common stock at the holder's option at 100% of the closing bid price of such common stock on the trading day immediately preceding the conversion.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Mr. Doron resigned on September 29
 2015
 and at such time received a note from the company in the principal amount of $299
382 in satisfaction of his accrued salary and stock payables.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On September 30
 2015
 Wrona
 Gordon &amp;amp; DuBois withdrew as counsel for the Company in the Epic litigation matter. See &amp;#8220;Part I. Item 3. Legal Proceedings&amp;#8221; herein.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On October 5
 2015
 KBM Worldwide converted $1
630 of additional principal related to its April 30
 2014 convertible note into 13
583
333 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On October 6
 2015
 KBM Worldwide converted $700 of additional principal related to its April 30
 2014 convertible note into 5
833
333 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On October 6
 2015
 KBM Worldwide converted $1
630 of additional principal related to its April 30
 2014 convertible note into 13
583
333 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On October 7
 2015
 KBM Worldwide converted $2
725 of additional principal related to its April 30
 2014 convertible note into 19
464
286 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On October 9
 2015
 KBM Worldwide converted $2
725 of additional principal related to its April 30
 2014 convertible note into 19
464
286 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align:
 justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On October 12
 2015
 KBM Worldwide converted $2
920 of additional principal related to its April 30
 2014 convertible note into 19
466
667 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On October 15
 2015
 KBM Worldwide converted $5
525 of additional principal related to its April 30
 2014 convertible note into 24
021
739 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On October 15
 2015
 LG Capital Funding
 LLC converted $3
053 of additional principal related to its December 2
 2014 convertible note into 13
157
887 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On October 15
 2015
 Zen Family LP
 an entity controlled by our founder and director
 Tracy Gibbs
 returned 1
000
000 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock to the Company for cancellation and was issued 1
000
000 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s Series A Preferred Stock.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On or about October 16
 2015&lt;/font&gt;
 the Company&amp;#8217;s subsidiary
 Health Education Corporation (&amp;#8220;Health Education&amp;#8221;)
 and our founder and director
 Tracy Gibbs (&amp;#8220;Gibbs&amp;#8221;)
 were served a copy of a complaint filed by KeyBank in the Utah Third Judicial District Court for breach of contract of a loan made by KeyBank to Health Education and guaranteed by Gibbs (the &amp;#8220;Loan&amp;#8221;). The Loan was entered into on or August 28
 2012
 and KeyBank alleged that it was owed outstanding principal of approximately $173
370.80
 with additional amounts due for accrued interest
 late fees
 and attorney fees. Health Education negotiated a repayment plan with KeyBank
 entering into a forbearance agreement on or about November 9
 2015
 with an effective date of November 5
 2015
 pursuant to which Health Education would immediately pay KeyBank $25
578.01
 interest only of approximately $914.40 on December 1
 2015
 and the full amount due under the loan documents
 or approximately $156
506.75 on or before December 31
 2015
 with both Health Education and Gibbs signing confessions of judgment to be filed by KeyBank if the agreed amounts were not paid.&amp;#160; On November 10
 2015
 Health Education paid KeyBank $25
578.01 as agreed.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On October 20
 2015
 KBM Worldwide converted $5
540 of additional principal related to its April 30
 2014 convertible note into 14
205


&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&amp;#8220;US GAAP&amp;#8221;) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates and assumptions are based on management&amp;#8217;s best estimates and judgment. Management evaluates its estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis using historical experience and other factors
 including the economic environment
 which management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Management adjusts such estimates and assumptions when facts and circumstances dictate. As future events and their effects cannot be determined with precision




&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents include all cash balances and highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less. As of July 31
 2015 and 2014


&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Our revenue is derived from the service revenue from&amp;#160;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Live Blood Analysis&lt;/font&gt;
 sale of retail products
 and revenue derived from educational services.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s revenue recognition policy is in accordance with the requirements of Staff Accounting Bulletin (&amp;#8220;SAB&amp;#8221;) No. 104
 Revenue Recognition (&amp;#8220;SAB 104&amp;#8221;)
 and other applicable revenue recognition guidance under US GAAP. Sales revenue is recognized for our retail and wholesale customers when: (i) persuasive evidence of a sales arrangement exists
 (ii) the sales terms are fixed or determinable
 (iii) title and risk of loss have transferred
 and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured &amp;#8212; generally when products are shipped to the customer and services are rendered
 except in situations in which title passes upon receipt of the products by the customer. In this case
 revenues are recognized upon notification that customer receipt has occurred. The Company accrues an estimated amount for sales returns and allowances related to defective or returned products at the time of sale based on its ability to estimate sales returns and allowances using historical information. As of July 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company calculated the amount to be less than 3% of sales so no allowance was accrued in either year. Shipping and handling fees and related freight costs and supplies associated with shipping products to customers are included as a component of cost of sales. Payments received before all of the relevant criteria for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as unearned revenue.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company also recognizes revenues from the distribution of its product through trade partners. Related revenues consist of product costs
 distribution fees
 testing and labeling costs
 as well as any associated administrative fees. The Company recognizes these revenues after the product has been shipped from the outsource manufacturer to the trade partner. The Company has contractual obligation to pay the outsource manufacturers
 and as a principal in these arrangements the Company includes the total product price as revenue in accordance with applicable accounting guidance. The Company has separately negotiated contractual relationships with its trade partners
 and under contracts with these trade partners the Company assumes the credit risk of product produced by the outsource manufacturer and dispensed to the trade partner.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Unearned Revenues consist of cash received in advance for products to be delivered at a future date. The Company records the payments received as a liability until the products are delivered.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;The Company recorded unearned revenue of $227
919 and $338
263 as of July 31
 2015 and 2014


&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company includes product costs (i.e. material
 direct labor and overhead costs)
 shipping and handling expense
 insurance on inventory


&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company classifies expenses for advertising as general and administrative expenses. The Company incurred advertising costs of $76
471 and $156
708 during the years ended July 31
 2015 and 2014


&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Receivables from the sale of goods and services are stated at net realizable value
 do not bear interest and do not generally require collateral. The Company adjusts credit limits based upon payment history and the customer&amp;#8217;s current creditworthiness. The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon a variety of factors. The Company reviews all open accounts and provides specific reserves for customer collection issues when it believes the loss is probable
 considering such factors as the length of time receivables are past due
 the financial condition of the customer
 and historical experience. The Company also records a reserve for all customers
 excluding those that have been specifically reserved for
 based upon evaluation of historical losses. The Company recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts of $136
567 and $106
617 as of July 31
 2015 and 2014


&lt;div style=text-align: left; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. The cost for inventories is determined using the first-in
 first-out method on the weighted average basis. The cost includes all expenditures incurred in bringing the goods to the point of sale and putting them in a salable condition. In assessing the ultimate realization of inventories
 the Company makes judgments as to future demand requirements compared to current or committed inventory levels. The Company estimates the demand requirements based on market conditions
 forecasts prepared by its customers
 sales contracts and orders in hand. In addition
 the Company estimates net realizable value based on intended use
 current market value and inventory aging analyses. The Company writes down inventories for estimated obsolescence or unmarketable inventory equal to the difference between the cost of inventories and their estimated market value based upon assumptions about future demand and market conditions.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;As of July 31 inventories consisted of the following:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;
&lt;table align=center style=width: 95%; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;  border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;July 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;July 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Raw materials&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;11
355&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;41
056&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Finished goods&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;111
290&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div
 style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;230
885&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Subtotal&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;122
645&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;271
941&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Reserve for obsolescence&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;122
645&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;271
941&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Financial instruments
 which potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk
 consist principally of cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 lines of credit
 and notes payable. Due to short-term maturities
 the carrying amount of these instruments approximates fair value. Our cash balances are maintained in accounts held by major banks and financial institutions located in the United States. The Company occasionally maintains amounts on deposit with a financial institution that are in excess of the federally insured limit of $250
000. The risk is managed by maintaining all deposits in high quality financial institutions. The Company had $0 of cash balances in excess of federally insured limits at July 31


&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Property and equipment are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation and amortization are calculated using the straight-line method over the expected useful life of the asset
 after the asset is placed in service. Assets recorded under leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the lesser of their useful lives or the related lease term. The Company uses the following useful lives for its major classifications of property and equipment:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 576px; vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Description&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 177px; vertical-align: top; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 814px; vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Useful Lives&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 576px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Furniture &amp;amp; Fixtures&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 177px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 814px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;7 years&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 576px; vertical-align: middle;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Office Furniture&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 177px; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 814px; vertical-align: middle;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;5 years&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 576px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Equipment &amp;amp; Machinery&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 177px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 814px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;5-7 years&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 576px; vertical-align: middle;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Leasehold Improvements&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 177px; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 814px; vertical-align: middle;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;15 years&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company expenses the costs of the development of its nutritional products during the period incurred. The Company incurred research and development expenses of $2
093 and $32
233 during the years ended July 31
 2015 and 2014


&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company follows the provisions of ASC 718 which requires all share-based payments to employees
 including grants of employee stock options
 to be recognized in the statement of operations based on their fair values. The Company uses the Black-Scholes option valuation model for determining the fair value of stock based compensation.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;Option pricing models require the input of highly subjective assumptions
 including the expected price volatility. Changes in these assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company records the stock-based compensation awards issued to non-employees and other external entities for goods and services at either the fair market value of the goods received or services rendered or the instruments issued in exchange for such services
 whichever is more readily determinable
 using the measurement date guidelines pertaining to when the&amp;#160;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;service is complete or a performance commitment date is reached


&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities
 and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws expected to be in effect when the differences are expected to be settled or realized.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;The effect on deferred income tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Deferred income tax assets are reviewed for recoverability
 and the Company records a valuation allowance to reduce its deferred income tax assets when it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred income tax assets will not be realized.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Basic loss per share (EPS) is computed by dividing net loss (the numerator) by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period (the denominator). Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of common shares and potential common shares outstanding (if dilutive) during each period. Potential common shares include common shares to be issued related to convertible debentures and stock pending issue under the ratchet provision.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;As the Company has incurred losses for the years ended July 31
 2015 and 2014
 the potentially dilutive shares are anti-dilutive and are thus not added into the loss per share calculations. Potential Dilutive Shares as of July 31
 2015 are 873
942


&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;There is currently one customer that makes up 21% and 38% of total sales as of July 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. The loss of this customer would have a material adverse effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s financial condition and results of operation. There are currently three vendors that make up 76% and 54% of total purchases as of July 31
 2015 and 2014


&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;As a part of the Company&amp;#8217;s normal course of business
 sales taxes are collected from customers. Such taxes collected are remitted
 in a timely manner
 to the appropriate governmental tax authority on behalf of the customer. The Company&amp;#8217;s policy is to present revenue and costs


&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;ASC 820
&amp;#160;&lt;font style=font-style: italic; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#8220;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures&amp;#8221;&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy based on the level of independent
 objective evidence surrounding the inputs used to measure fair value. A financial instrument&amp;#8217;s categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. ASC 820 prioritizes the inputs into three levels that may be used to measure fair value:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; margin-left: 36pt; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Level 1 - Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; margin-left: 36pt; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are either directly or indirectly observable; and&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; margin-left: 36pt; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity
 therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The carrying amounts of the Company&amp;#8217;s financial assets and liabilities
 such as cash and cash equivalents
 prepaid expenses
 deposit
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities
 and due to a related party approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s Level 2 financial liabilities consist of the derivative liability of the Company&amp;#8217;s convertible promissory notes issued to investors. There is no current market for these securities such that the determination of fair value requires significant judgment or estimation. The Company used a multinomial lattice model which incorporates transaction details such as Company stock price
 contractual terms
 default provisions
 maturity
 risk free rates
 as well as assumptions about future financings
 volatility


&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company has reviewed recently issued
 but not yet adopted
 accounting standards in order to determine their effects
 if any
 on its results of operations
 financial position or cash flows. Based on that review


&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;July 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;July 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Raw materials&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;11
355&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;41
056&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Finished goods&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;111
290&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;230
885&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Subtotal&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;122
645&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;271
941&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Reserve for obsolescence&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;122
645&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;271
941&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 576px; vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Description&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 177px; vertical-align: top; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 814px; vertical-align: middle; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Useful Lives&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 576px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Furniture &amp;amp; Fixtures&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 177px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 814px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;7 years&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 576px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Office Furniture&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 177px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 814px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;5 years&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 576px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Equipment &amp;amp; Machinery&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 177px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 814px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;5-7 years&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 576px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Leasehold Improvements&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 177px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 814px; vertical-align: middle; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;15 years&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;table align=center style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 80%; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; letter-spacing: normal; font-size: 10pt; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;  border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;July 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;July 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Federal income tax expense&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;State income tax expense&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Less change in valuation allowance&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size:
 10pt;&gt;Net income tax expense&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Federal income taxes at 34%&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(672
941&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(738
562&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;State income tax
 net of federal benefit&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(71
684&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Change in net operating loss&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Tax effect on non-deductible expenses and credits&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;1844&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Changes in valuation allowance&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;672
941&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;808
402&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;July 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;July 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Deferred tax asset attributable to:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Net operating loss carryover&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2
417
988&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;1
027
802&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;125
531&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;39
768&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Depreciation&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2
628&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2
776&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Less
 valuation allowance&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(2
546
147&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(1
070
346&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Net deferred tax asset&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Deferred tax liability attributable to:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Depreciation&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Net deferred tax liabilities&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;table align=center style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 80%; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; letter-spacing: normal; font-size: 10pt; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;  border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year Ended July 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Amount&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1379px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;16
875&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1379px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1379px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1379px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1379px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1379px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Total lease obligations&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;16
875&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table align=center style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 80%; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; letter-spacing: normal; font-size: 10pt; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;  border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;July 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;July 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Furniture &amp;amp; Fixtures&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;11
860&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;11
860&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Office Furniture&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;28
932&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;28
932&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Equipment &amp;amp; Machinery&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;48
253&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;47
002&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Accumulated
 Depreciation&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(78
769&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(71
439&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Net Book Value&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;10
276&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;16
355&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;table align=center style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; width: 80%; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; letter-spacing: normal; font-size: 10pt; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;  border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=3&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;July 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=3&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;July 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=3&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=3&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=3&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=3&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$250
000 face value
 converted from a LOC on August 28
 2013
 interest rate of 5.21%
 matures on September 1
 2018.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;181
721&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;208
901&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Total Loan payable&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;181
721&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;208
901&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Less current portion&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;181
721&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom;
 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;51
071&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Loan payable
 long-term&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;157
830&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;table align=center style=width: 100%; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; word-spacing: 0px; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-style: italic; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;July 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;July 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$250
000 face value
 issued on September 27
 2013
 interest rate of 10%
 matures on September 27
 2015.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;250
000&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;250
000&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$125
000 face value
 issued on October 18
 2013
 interest rate of 10%
 matures on October 18
 2015.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;125
000&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;125
000&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$150
000 face value
 issued on November 22
 2013
 interest rate of 10%
 matures on November 22
 2015.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;150
000&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;150
000&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$78
500 face value
 of which
 $78
500 was converted
 issued on January 14
 2014
 interest rate of 8% and a default rate of 22%
 matured on October 14
 2014
 net of unamortized discount of $29
759 and $78
500 as of July 31
 2015 and July 31
 2014.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;29
759&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$53
000 face value
 of which
 $53
000 was converted
 issued on March 19
 2014
 interest rate of 8% and a default rate of 22%
 matured on December 26
 2014
 net of unamortized discount of $13
913 and $33
000 as of July 31
 2015 and July 31
 2014.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;13
913&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$63
000 face value
 loan default resulted in loan balance 150% balance increase of $25
055
 of which
 $23
960 was converted
 issued on May 15
 2014
 interest rate of 8%
 and a default rate of 22%
 matured on February 2
 2015
 net of unamortized discount of $0 and $47
673 as of July 31
 2015 and July 31
 2014.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;64
095&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;15
327&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$73
500 face value
 of which
 $3
667 was converted
 issued on December 2
 2014
 interest rate of 8%
 matures on December 2
 2015
 net of unamortized discount of $27
289 and $0 as of July 31
 2015 and July 31
 2014.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;42
544&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$59
000 face value
 of which
 $20
574 was converted
 issued on December 2
 2014
 interest rate of 8%
 matures on September 2
 2016
 net of unamortized discount of $35
645 and $0 as of July 31
 2015 and July 31
 2014.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2
780&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$65
000 face value
 of which
 $14
078 was converted
 issued on December 16
 2014
 interest rate of 0%
 matures on December 16
 2016
 net of unamortized discount of $43
136 and $0 as of July 31
 2015 and July 31
 2014.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;7
786&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$33
000 face value
 issued on March 17
 2015
 interest rate of 8% maturing on December 19
 2015
 net of unamortized discount of $14
130 and $0 as of July 31
 2015 and July 31
 2014.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;18
870&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$27
500 face value
 issued on June 2
 2015
 interest rate of 12% maturing on March 2
 2016
 net of unamortized discount of $21
578 and $0 as of July 31
 2015 and July 31
 2014.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;5
922&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Total convertible notes payable &amp;#8211; non-related parties&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;666
997&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;583
999&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Current Portion of Notes&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;661
606&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;174
500&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Discount on Notes&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;141
779&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;115
501&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Convertible notes payable-current portion net of discount&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;519
827&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;58
999&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Convertible notes payable
 long-term&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;147
170&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;525
000&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;table align=center style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 80%; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; letter-spacing: normal; font-size: 10pt; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;  border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1379px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Balance at Jul 31
 2014&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;177
907&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1379px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Conversions&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(260
087&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1379px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Total (gains)losses included in earnings&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(88
950&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1379px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Issuances&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;264
334&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1379px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1379px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Balance at Jul 31
 2015&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;93
204&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;div style=text-align: left; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;
&lt;table align=center style=width: 50%; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 344px; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 338px; vertical-align: middle; colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;31-Jul&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 101px; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 344px; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; background-color: #ffffff; width: 338px; vertical-align: middle; colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 101px; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 344px; vertical-align: middle;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Expected term in years&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 35px; vertical-align: middle;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 303px; vertical-align: middle;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;0-.26 years&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 101px; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 344px; vertical-align: middle;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Risk-free interest rates&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 35px; vertical-align: middle;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 303px; vertical-align: middle;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;0.04-0.32&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 101px; vertical-align: middle;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 344px; vertical-align: middle;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Volatility&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 35px; vertical-align: middle;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 303px; vertical-align: middle;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;194 -202&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 101px; vertical-align: middle;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 344px; vertical-align: middle;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Dividend yield&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 35px; vertical-align: middle;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 303px; vertical-align: middle;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;0&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 101px; vertical-align: middle;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;div style=text-align: left; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;
&lt;table align=center style=width: 80%; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;  border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=14&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;Twelve Months Ended Jul 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-style: italic; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=6&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=6&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 815px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Americas&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;868
054&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;48.51&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;1
594
361&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;66.36&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 815px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;North Asia&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff;
 width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;32
973&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;1.84&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;35
976&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;1.50&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 815px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Greater China&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;368
497&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;20.59&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;253
265&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;10.54&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 815px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Middle East&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;211&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;0.01&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;293&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size:
 10pt;&gt;0.01&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 815px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;South Asia/Pacific&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;514
015&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;28.73&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;513
874&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;21.39&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 815px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Europe&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;5
575&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;0.32&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;5
000&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;0.20&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 815px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;1
789
325&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family:
 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;100.00&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2
402
769&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;100.00&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;
&lt;table align=center style=width: 80%; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;  border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=14&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;Twelve Months Ended Jul 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-style: italic; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=6&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=6&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 815px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Americas&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;10
276&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;100.00&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;16
355&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;100.00&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 815px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;North Asia&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td
 style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 815px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Greater China&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 815px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Middle East&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom
 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 815px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;South Asia/Pacific&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 815px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Europe&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 815px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;10
276&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;100.00&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px;
 vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;16
355&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;100.00&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;
&lt;table align=center style=width: 80%; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;  border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=15&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;Twelve Months Ended Jul 31
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-style: italic; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=7&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom colspan=7&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=3&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=3&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=3&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=3&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 815px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Product Sales&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;1
787
246&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;99.88&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2
393
071&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;99.60&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 815px; vertical-align: middle; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;NBA Services&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2
079&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff;
 width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;0.12&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;9
698&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;0.40&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
































































































































































































































































































 simultaneously with delivery of a Put Notice






000



































































&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s financial statements are prepared using generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a going concern that contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has generally had net losses after consideration of income taxes. Further
 the Company has negative working capital and insufficient cash flows from operation as of July 31
 2015
 and does not have the requisite liquidity to pay its current obligations. These factors
 among others
 raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management will seek to increase revenues and reduce costs

























































































































&lt;div style=text-align: left; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company evaluates the carrying value of its long-lived assets at least annually.&amp;#160; Impairment losses were recorded on long-lived assets used in operations when indicators of impairment were present and the undiscounted future cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets were less than the assets&amp;#8217; carrying amount. If such assets were impaired
 the impairment to be recognized was measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets.&amp;#160; Assets to be disposed of were reported at the lower of the carrying value or fair value
 less costs to sell.&amp;#160; The Company recorded no impairment loss&amp;#160;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;during the years ended July 31
 2015 and 2014


&lt;div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Goodwill represents the premium paid over the fair value of the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets we have acquired in our business combinations. We perform a goodwill impairment test on at least an annual basis. Application of the goodwill impairment test requires significant judgments
 including estimation of future cash flows
 which is dependent on internal forecasts
 estimation of the long-term rate of growth for the businesses
 the useful life over which cash flows will occur and determination of our weighted average cost of capital. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and/or conclusions on goodwill impairment for each reporting unit. We will conduct our annual goodwill impairment test as of July 31 of each year or more frequently if indicators of impairment exist. We periodically analyze whether any such indicators of impairment exist. A significant amount of judgment is involved in determining if an indicator of impairment has occurred. Such indicators may include a sustained significant decline market capitalization
 a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate
 unanticipated competition and/or slower expected growth rates
 adverse actions or assessments by a regulator
 among others. We compare the fair value of its reporting unit to its respective carrying value
 including related goodwill. Future changes in the industry could impact the results of future annual impairment tests. There can be no assurance that future tests of goodwill impairment will not result in impairment charges. For the year ended July 31
 2015
 the Company recorded an impairment loss of $53
073 due to a business combination deemed worthless and for the year ended July 31









	

	



	














 November 14



























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 November 14











































































































































 November 14









































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 November 14








































































 Net



























 Plant and Equipment










































































 Related Parties





 Related Parties













































 Value


 750
000
000 shares authorized; 252
467
187 and 51
151
766 shares issued and outstanding at July 31
 2015 and July 31
 2014








































 Shares







 Shares










































































 Net
















 Extraordinary Items

































 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment
 Net of Tax








 Net of Tax






















 Gain (Loss) on Derivative
 Net















 ammortization








































































































































































































 Value






 Shares
















 Value
 Share-based Compensation






 Options
 Grants in Period










 Value





 Shares






 Value





 Shares















































































































































































 Credit Risk





 Plant and Equipment










 Goodwill


























































































 Net Derivative Asset (Liability) Measured on Recurring Basis





 Recurring and Nonrecurring










 net





















000 face value
 converted from a LOC on August 28
 2013
 interest rate of 5.21%
 matures on September 1












































































































 Interest Rate





































































 Periodic Payment





 Periodic Payment





 Damages Paid





























































































































 Damages Sought





 Damages Awarded












































































 Equity Interest Issued or Issuable










 Raw Materials





 Finished Goods



















 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment

























 Plant and Equipment































 Fair Value Assumptions











































 State and Local Income Taxes












 Nondeductible Expense





 Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance















 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals





 Property
























 Property










 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate





 Deferred Tax Asset
 Increase (Decrease)


















































 Future Minimum Payments Due





 Future Minimum Payments Due





 Future Minimum Payments





 Future Minimum Payments





 Future Minimum Payments





 Future Minimum Payments
















































 Rent Expense





 Plant and Equipment





 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant






























































































































































































 Converted Instrument











 Debt Default






 Convertible













 Convertible























 Convertible
































 LLC (Typenex)
























 Convertible



















































































 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis
 Liability Value
























































 Shares
 Share-based Compensation





 Shares






 Value










 Converted Instrument























































 Balance Sheet Location




















































 Net Derivative Asset (Liability) Measured on Recurring Basis




 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis
 Liability
 Purchases
 (Sales)
 Issuances












 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis
 Liability



































































 Depletion and Amortization
 Nonproduction


 ammortization















 November 14




































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 image00006.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  8$!08%! 8&!08'!P8(A *@D)

TH,4H*2C_

H&A8:*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H
M*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*C_P  1 !C *
# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4



5Y=\-O\
^,O&5C=RVMYJ^H07$3;9(W(#*?RJ_P%O$?C



M$AMPY4@
 07(!(()QTJ3X7^/M6;Q=:VFN:E-=6EV/( E((1S]T_GQ^-8_P 3
MM!^P1:#JT*8@UQA\PCM*L:Y_,8/X&N'1VC=7C8JZD,K#J.AKMIX:C6I-I;







MZ
:NW




OE-T$@_K[?2N
M/ZC*A1<J3O/^MCT?[5ABL2HUU:GV\^[/I.UMX;2WCM[6)(8(UI&BX50.P%<

5WL;K+&KQLKHP#*RG((/0BN^.?_ 3N\_ZZQ?\ H8KR


]OZ[U0''XC(_&OFO\

X/_

MA_Y)QHO^X_\ Z


K#
M!!&017S=\6O!!\
ZE]MT^


_.JQ&$Y:



D4RAXY%*.IZ$$8(K





Z%_T!=-_\!4_PK2694G!T^31F$
DKQJJM[173OL3Z9K.F:J/^);J%I=D+



CBO*3C&::O;\3

U8TZ^N--OH;RQF:&YA;

MAC02
'1-
/\ VZI_A6K&BQ1K'&H1% 5548  Z 5Y%:5.3O331]%AHUH1Y:S3






MY^!RFM@ZGM(R3Z;
TK:XANH$GM98YH7&5DC8
K#V(ZT4EK;PVEND%I#'! @P


M&W9]#@8KG+

QY^7VKUO[?:?\
M/W;_ /?P?XT?;[3_ )^[?_OX/\:!GFECI
FH0^%EU;^U&OX[V:RU ZG0!4C
MF95)5AN4'9MD/+ +DY.*CO++6-5U^*UC:8Q#5+YB+B6X2/RU6+9S&RGN=H)V
M]:]/^WV?_/W;_P#?P?XT?;[/_G[M_P#OX/\ &@#RC5IKD:EI_P#:+W'V4ZEJ
M@(GGN8DXG3RN8@2?EW;0?EQFK,$[#6[T6$^JGQ)_;; 1;IC;;S1NWJW[L1B


MBXC)5869?
4



M300V$^;R-VCCNXS)#Y;%D(VRC#!AQW(X; YVXM3I?@72+LRZD;AIFFGM)+BZ

M@-IO_@*G^%9?C;4YH].FM[!W23?%'+-&1^[+NJA
]B=WX#ZBI;GQ&8H+V[2*











MJWIDL\]C%+=I&DS#++&VY1SQS]

&AB(9@[90'+#N??
MBD-G;$S$VT.9AB4^6/W@_P!KU_&BBG=CLA1:VX$8$$0$7^K 0?)]/2D-G;;F
M;[/#N8EB=@R21@G\:**5V%D.-M 9-YAB+[M^XH
[L8SGUQQFFBTMA'Y8MX?+


01#RP0F$'R@]0/2FQM H46MN%&W \L8&W[O;MV]***
MSNSHLA?L5KMV_9H-NW9CRQC;G./IGG%/%M &9A#$Q+
=@Y)&3^'%%%*[R

M!L[H8CEO

&V@QG=CRQU]?U/YT45C=G39#C:VYD
A@A+D@


*A,H&A8:*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H
M*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*C_P  1 ( )0# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#ZIHHHH **

+D _
M4BL$?%7Q-JPSX5^&NNW

/A7PQ


^[%GJ/\ HLH)
MX68 M&WX@


M9I\WB?Q+T-O:']S;GUEDZ+CN/SQ61'\-/$_C

M?_/-=IIFCZ%\-/#L5OH6CR):;U65H%#R


M;
VYV2O'%\X.









VVIT4*2:<I?U
M_7_#DEA9:I9))#8EM1TQI#!-:W,F)(FSABCGMWY_M^YMM+TV)=7U@V<$UJA

2WTP-YEEX:A<K'&.QG(Y9O;^72M:.%C35GK^GI_6G0FI6<GH7


48=


'E72KZF/HWX#\:]8:ZW:TEHI^Y 9G_ !.%_DU36]R)[FXCCY6$A&;_




$/^/HIKW?2-1M=7TNTU'3IEGL
M[J)9HI%Z
K#(-;1LEH=4$DK(MT44519D^+-=M?#/AK4M:U XMK*!IF'=L#A1


Y() _A/X5T


CE@



MG




Z!2X9 W('UKF:W?&_B
MB_\ &7B:[US5E@6\N=H98$VH H@ 9/8#FL*A[Z'GRM?0][_ &0]2'_6ZYH
M%R!+8ZE8%WB;E6*'!R/=785ZY\&Y9?!WB_7_ (;WTC-;VI.HZ
[GEK5SR@]=



MD[0!P!QT]ZXK]G'2I8/ +:]J'S:IXBN9-3N7/4AV.P?3'/\ P*HOVA+M]/\
M@=?P0IY

C@:
$^X'!KSL


M]J\:^
'CZZ\/74OAGPP7L)2JRWUP&S)$TB@^3$?X %(W

MVS:A:ZJH&$N/+*3*/0Y ./KFOG[X[*H^)VI
!\TD-M(Y]6

M HHHH ]0_9ITV/4OC'HOG$!;59;H#U94./U(/X5]B_$O15\1?#_Q!I3C)N;*






M +$9Y;GI[9KDQ+J+E4';N_ZZ_P!:FU!1:;DKG&_M-Y/@'2?
& =;L]X'(QN.


K#T900?UKIC)25UU


%[87EO.#@QRP


6U%\+!OL@1;01]68LW5L_7@5S_B.0?#_



\+G8);B7[=-&AR4C7*QJ3W)8L?^ CK5

W?'91



MB:5)XRK[^B1C6EM9:5I
M2']?UMZE_3+N_P!

M)IUP]Y9S1-9/.S[R273+=^XYY^6OH+3+3^RU35O#6ZYT:['F362\E



?\ V2NR_9+\
QZ5


M@/H[:'\)?#=K*I6:2V^TR9Z[I27Y_P^A17=P1)!#'%$H6.-0BJ.@ X HIC1
MC^-_#MMXL\)ZIH=[CR;V!H]V/N-U5OP(!_N












90&M5/50&SACW!_.MG1/CE\
M.9-.2PGUB6*)5
8%Q:2+\G8$@'H
#\*SHX1022W27WQT3^:T?D;SQ
9-Z_T_



&

HQ;)')Z=Z^X:J+N9P::NALLB11O)*R
MI&@+







MI111R1[![./8KR_LK:4W^K\3WX_WK9&_J*9!^S5J&FA_[%\=WEKN!4A;=D!!


H*@H*
L
# P
M



M @@)@L! 0$  P$  04            ! @,$!08' D*Q   @$# 0,$!P0'
M$7$       $ P01!1(A
08308$'





M +5

M;KW
7ID !65)WY&5OZ_Z3^(


BLJ3:U2@_1/Q
S\C.W]?\ 2?Q!!Y' 5E2=

MDYE/9X/'@W&R-Q5CPG)=;%94Z($#'4+B/H\^%)FR.KUX\5%]6 B:!%1UI^BI
M^)_$FZ&L49
W
M /_3M4                   8;2661-UJ


 9R# R!]9&3YR
M



M        _]2U0                 !Y;R3FG!=*WG@C0PL'M[=M]T.GD*\;



.@NX;P!YG;I]!CS


9%W!YD1[<(8 \7F5=PSYE7</7@8

ME[



M?2Z/S/%^^F871U@.YX1T

+I
])A=(#H
])
M@ST@       (#'099CH
L!TCI#XCI +I
+AUF5TF%PZP#[5!\4'VJ
OBNH#'

M#6^UE[

MT35(#?IC\]-=Z/PY($;IGJVI[+'RLD@                 _]&U0








M=0BE-*6RLQ;P\_#GM.


NRU2I:8A4S*'=XR7Q*,N!JG2R!T%*KM%2@TT^E'V<W:W
M
]/GM1WQ?;1[O?7?.@H5H7$%.#RF!L              _]:U0

M;:63*6#[VWC &K9

2

M&Q(^8GV@K*1E(RD92 8
@S@@8&#(P4
#!D!&
 R 
&09 Q@&0!@&0!@&0!@&
M0!@&0!@&0!@&3 & 9 &#&#Z
 8P
&1@#YP8P?6!@#YP8P?6!@#YP?.#[P8:
M^6CYP?;1A@?#1\M'VT?+ U21IFCT21JD@/-0K.SKPJ=#:C+P-X])G1G-74
Q



M'4OB3R66A8];35A76-*G%&_EOU.\IV-*52H]R6Y+BWW5Y
5I7&G4*DN
E)


M;WOCQ.+&Z^H966FSW.M9 2

M'\
_B2!P



_P P^35.-'3;:$(J,53PDMR2R]Q
MWXQ4:J$TL&6^PQD*TF #K;0       #_U+5          &'P*VEVS\+\I9+*
MWFO/2]F?E.+&[;'6^L:;/<ZT2,I!'TC@F6AC!G!G!G!*Q\X,8/O P2L?&!@^
ML#!:Q\8&#[P8P*Q\X,8/O P6L?&PNX?<*M2F\QG)/NJ33\HP,*52ML-0NJ;










M$N
:



'T!6/G P?:BWP1]*C-^A9*U
MJ:L#!N\SS[WC

MA4XQX)&69





MRKW8^/XH^EI53UZ/C?Q!


KCJ
&40M+KOHBO#(S\BNM[#
MU
EL#!;ST

BCQ4
MC'
P7H?'DF3!C.

FR



(RB*^D @$     &0 0   
@   !D   
F5%RX)^(M^
&#
M8J%1^A?D/I6LWW%UF46.G.V9Q%J:3!Z5:=V7I'TK2'2V_2
HL%.;E76E3RF#
MVJA37H3[44N7B,HQGF[,1ERIX%!RX)OJ/I6]1]'C9[09QC/1NS,Y9:GE5I+
MI:7IGVK2/2V;P9Q8:$7*\J5-2MZ:Z/&S8HJ/!+Q&09Q1HQ?1$=8H C!DP9


MM!_7FG^DHX/E?:^;%&'#$HO/OB:^'.]L%LVU%=RE#O\ H425AZ  %



2@9
J$
MGPB_$?:MJCZ

MUGL!E&
]&[
E3S*TETM'TK1=

MT(VS&(5
**7!+Q&0#)0 P     P         
&3  R8
@#!DP!DP9
 89\L^
MF?





3E+Z7+&D:64G(N)W]*P\^!II^5


M;\SUW&
D]^RWNB_#%[GW46

&0
M8   & 
F          !@R8 &3!D 8  R8
F&!AGS(^F?


M  #_U+5           YNG2=52+]UZKXYW2FVG\5T'2$#7]73]GEY12S V1




M35@L['-4U8+JS)@R;FU@R     R8 &0    &   
&0 
&3           Q).


MU3V=^4L)+

MNK=X5O7IFK&BQ8]L=*C=OXRL



M^=DG)+PHZZ
5S$
J
V[(E3G%S]K#F\[W3G)R2[N);G@[.E7IUZ<:M.2E4
M-N


5*FUE]S/ E+R]HZ?2E6
SJ4J=A<0V90EMRBHSDI*6
9? C^Q\



OI+?GOY DVL'EN-3
MM;2IC6K0A.;BH0;\]++PL+IRSFN3]Y6T;5*NC5JDJE/:?
RD\RB]G:BL]R2












31JO[K&(I1$Q5?L]C_UI5?:6?Z6C

MG1VDX+MI0EOW=UI]!:IM*JLB53:=:V\A7[=


MQP2/+R!A*G855*

7-T7-2C%9ELRP]I+IPU







TWS#SE2I4=:M5:=2JTHYQNC&



L
MJ-K(R &38V,&0      #ZVGW7XS;7!F !EMOB.!@ ?H4E+;5.&UZ]L1SX
M\'TXI[VD_DWZ9D !\;A@& 
AO(
 #+;?28         &#)@R 
&3 &3!DPP
M



M.;EM2IN$7PAM=OCV;!WQ7MQ=5/DH[2BL**YK+SO;PWC!81&4
M_]*U0          (.\]7S]F^&)P@[SU?/P_#%A)?


M  9               !@R8 R8
F            P9
&0!@R8 R8
F 
'Q(^S

L$C




&0!JNJZ





MO5)W5*_FJCI477C+94'B+>U!I='
M 5+

M2BM=A/I:II^!09VIQMOOUNG[Y_2&=D18            _]2U0          (




.[W3C
MN0'G.4<$N'MM75B1GEGOY43][[+R0 M34M1M]'HRKW514Z<91BY--I.3PN9



M2Z=S3/'RO[(+T6N[*QIQJUXN*G*6^$6^$%%=M+?O[A1V@.%U'E'RCY+1H7&H




M



6^'A*CKNR@O;D?M70\K-'8J6-*K



/4H\WL]KCIQWLYP!T/93E







4






DN'=:QP..Y27\M4U*XNW4%5JPG!26);&Y0;7?2R



--





U6S?S7=A'R$F:JLJDON!MB:HFV)DC9$^D?
3Z05](R81D
5


956Z=:$=F%6

/0XCQ






M!2F^#[R(FQY=:]J4.?MM&52DNF+GO]E;QGJ3.0Y(:
N46JTZ-=N4%MUJS;WR

J+?!

MY0QQK-Y'W?M?!D00O-@S/MF80  RHM\$P
 Q\;NFBIJ-K2KQMIUZ:JRQLT]I

 #)@R!@  9

R88'RSYD?9\2 UR-4N^;9$)RAO^9AYG@_

ML2R#PS70B9NK%\  V*         _]U0          .8UWW%R]EAY#ISF==

HFHGTCSVMPJRP
M]TEQ7PYZ$=$3$Q7OI&3
E      .5[)K:T.ICW7H9\&T=41O*;2GK6F7-I






M;E)QAF
MEOMHRRXR^)/GL26L95KZX:\]&%*G%]Q2;E+QX1Z.RW0CS-A6QYY5
M:L


[

)17;


CD?1:-.
/$UZ9V0KC28^9=<M*\:D(I*I&&7)+=F46\
JN<K14ZU6F]F
.
L172UTM[CR=

5JE15E#*FH[MG.&G'PE'&=EB7MX6B[EK+TYG8\@'

M'69[6M7







\%QE)


MQ*@\M._A+MUL]_BCTQDIK
7E=U&Z*44KZ59 !0
F !D          #D.RE+&
MC17=O*'PYUYYK_3+7581IW5&-6
9J2C-9CGAG'2!PG8B:?R
5W[=^E(L
\=A


M['STWU?$DFE%&*YFJ






M'E9W9PO+7W'1]Z8^5FC&G7/K88TKY!1;BTT\-/*?22MKJZ?G:R]]);NM?$$4
O



30(B%:=/M9/RKQ
]
-0DNVBGWUN?B






Q?34)2GKC7;TL]^


HL^#!;.F
G/0

MT

$KA+0O*L/19\*R;8:




M3QZ21Y*W*:\J=KL0\$=I^.1$Y&352QILM+;4QE

MH&1DU3
S?S6@!D9  9
9 R9/G)KKW
+99F\=Y;Y/J$1
S5 VGFN=0IV[V5YZ

M WQ$1D(R#$


M11O@ %4         _]6U0          .*Y;M.YIKN4UGK;P=J5WV0*_F?4Z$









M  KCLGR?FN@L[O






;
MSQDV6+9T7B\:!SNRNX



0
.YXQQ-V.X

2X


MW%^

M-O.

M+&Y/PKN$CK.LZ1RGM*T;I3M;JWA4J4XU?45:$UO6Q+A)-K@54/R6T#6-%NKF



9
M+FZ;W[D\'IT;:HNXNXK






HR3BUQ37!G;Z/



:MA;UY1V7YQRJ[$N;QVN6L[^AX/)/1;FFI9YO;C2YR5)58NNH8
W:T*-&G'






NZ
M6UR*U9%S:::SW3#DH\6D3MI0L[&PLJM2I:QG6A*I+GZ-2M)I3V5*AN272^.
M3[U=+2[:O.SIQB_D8M4Y5*6:E./

M1ISVH/%%MI2265M;^&

M( #.08H      


ME7F/F;Q%OO
^B9Y
Z9*[KJXDO4=)Y\

MF6W&4G[%*.7TOAP.H(7DUVE;WL7Z2B:-[H@           #_TK5

MNC7@X36
I%C@WC?'+:?=Z.^0V33
M,3#5,3%^ZS2^7-2FU]AMQ]?@L2ZX\'U'BY6:Q;ZQ7HNW;E&G3DFVG'?)YPD
M^X0)G)9IS

M9BI+X
Y







M;0IQ$52SH4ZHJEY+K3Z?)EJSI8=5)2E42V8+;3QA;Y2DEPE)[NA9WD=PW'IO
M;VMJUPZM1)U)[










M



'(D7V0ZUXH:9._N:M.P3JT
MXMM3EZC2@]ZVG/&





B3'Z=:\VFZ

\%K;5[W=1I3J-)-J

1UE

MT6UK:Z98T[ZZI*O4KSDJ%*3:IJ

YXX^ U75]I]]:3E*WC;W
&MCF8RYJ:Z





M \536J%KYFI6=-RI4*DJK5=)NI.2P\I;DDN!HK:G0A3K4K.TC;JM'9J2VW4G

AD4U&&.4=FH1PE2MI8BL)+FFV]W1WS1IUS3M*&F5JKQ
M.J7C;Z%E83ZFR/?*;4=BG!5E'FU%*4814VH]JG+I2[A&NI*247)M)MI-O;W

OI);1%\6V GM0EY@HUHRK6RYQ[



\U


)9*-

9HQ-Q5M?D9J]#
M/MGVTEG
)PEU8RFWU$7=V=?3Y*-Q2G2;64IK9;7#.\N8^*MO2N$E4A&:7#:B


QK;R?J.ZJ16.$H1F\^%./D(^X['%[&H
%0519QFG.+Z\2<7

KSKRLY[N7GO;^)[OD0ZE]


FHO/'QF[Y$&I?4'7_  U/X@?(AU+Z@[C\-3^(+5.&52U/4[J4


JUY!:K<+

VUZCYWG
8
M6=K&



MSQQ3B\^-

MM8;E.

-U3<)=/C3
M[I!^?M:CI5.*X/H:Z&=:+NSIWD<36]<&N*+$B.A/)M3/'4IU;&6S4X/A)<&
M;:=5
5(]*
HUQED^TPKZ1DPC* R9
&4!DR8 &0 !D $&08
@!D     
  
@
M 
@&    &#)@ 8  P8
LPP


M          #_U[5                     8:3W
\U73J-7@ME]V.[XH]0




7Y%M#N/W\_B1\BVAZZ_?S^)/4 /+\BVW]=]-_$GTM/H+

begin 644 logo.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP$  @&!@\0#A$/$1
0#A /$0\2$A00

2PF
(G*8!

M @

M @ #!!$2!08A
1
B

MP^+PX4/_Q  : 0$  P$! 0               0(#! 4&_\0 )A$!  ( @(!
M! (#          $ Q$$(1(Q$P4R05%282
F4]=MG@_KLZP@
;:
^







MCQO\K-\











MGY9G3VSI';=^%CEA?:O_  K+Y(6R0V/@WI5]G%74.INMS##
'L]T8XZ


M.SQB
530Q(6QLB1SR[3:?AF
5[81';M6!V'@\&&MKK6G)
G;

M;QBXGP@(CE,%ADR=B=3+UK&;QNC7K?%*3,,YMH;=OMLO-EU0P]CJI*A&K!



H#SXY'





M9UO8[#^B:CW?)/\ CG1#HACW'/T




IM.;UHQ'

JO$^] SVU*P*L RD9$$9@P/FG#J@THH09YY*
A ^;





]*@


/46Z$




M.N_\H]$]+'BBD+TKI89LN0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!

;CZ1 

7 @( @( @( @( @( @( @('_]D!
end







begin 644 mobilityandflexibility.jpg
M_]C_[@ .061O8F4 9      !_]L Q0 



M !$( \ ?0, (@ !$0$$0+_Q &B  $  @

M P@)@L! 0  P$  @
            ! P($!08' D*Q   @$# 0
$!P@&
MT\E      $ P01!1(A

M)E2BH[3!X0@)A@9&B4G*DJ-#4V-S@Y.D1%1D=(24I55E=865IC9&5F9VAI


 P   1$$0 _
M +5
M                                                  #_T+5
M
M                                          #_T;5
M
M                                  #_TK5
M         #6=2--9DTO\ ; XZFJT(
GW$/&_A 2H(&IJ-Q4]


MVA=UZ?
M                            _].U0                          /

MP#)@)9!@ 9!C(R!G)G)KD9 V&37)C(&^1DTR
@;Y&33:&0-\C)KD9 V&3
:N

EP/E*UFN@EA
MLH6B%=*2Z#5P9-NFGT&KMX/H0$+LC!+NR@^@U=A!C A$X!)O3EUFCTU]9.!*

O(29%Z'PJ^O7D)020  @                      _]6U0
M              !K4[F7@?D(JW[E$I5[B7K7Y+M^ Z8FZ-(FZ6R
F$9 R
M  
@P9 R8 &1@ !@SLA&0-=D;)EA 8V!L(RPP-=E&=E  8V4,(R ,80P9 &
M,(SA P!G&XP8 RS4R8 &K
F&!AFK-F:L#1FC-V:
D?.1\*A]Y'PJ!#JT3A5




M 89EF 
        &#)@   
&#( U

V9JP

U9LS5@:LT9NSYR)&DCX53[2/



M                  #_TK5                             *JQ]S3]
M=\T2I%5//ZGKOFD!]8HV43$3Z(#3ZS.\RC9 :Y8VC88 QMHSMHS@QLH#.TA

1ZC+B:.+ZP
[*ZALKJ1C9?6-

M 8
&3 &##
F&!JS5F[-62/FS1GT9HT$/E


M=S\3W$E;ZK;7&Y3P^J7:OVR+$NP                       #_U+5
[I^S\(Y(T<'0J9NJ9(YU2-U2/LH&RB!IFCII[C11-HH
M@=$6;H^
6SZ)@?1&R-$S*8&X
)@#(  R  !E&#9 #!L:@9

R]Q@# 
F
M  # -MW?
;NH#!@V?@-6!@PS)A@89JS+9JV!JT:
W;-&2AI)GQGO/K(T: YI
M4\GS=
GP$Y1K0N(J<&FF0E]
M         /_5M4                  8;2660][?RNFX4]T.E],OG#?4;SG
MVZ,'VJ[I];ZO ?%/ &D*6#ZJ!NHFRB!HHF=D^FR9V0/GLF=D^FR-D#1(RD;

[1H

J6#YY&0/IM
9/
MGDSD#Z;8V^\?/(R!OD9-
C(&^3&33(R!OD9-
C('T53!AU#YY
9 ^CFS5R-3

ZEE+O+I9U-I++(2=3LJK*IT-X7@7 #%*GLH
M^\8F(Q/HD!A(V2,I&4@,)&<&V#9I=#6F!@VP9P!K@8-L# &N#)G!G &
#!G
M P!@R#(0P#(  8&  &#. 

@#7

MYYP-M

M

@
M!@8
@# 
X     9 &   
&1@# 
F !@R 
 R -09P 
 R 
&
&0!C P9 &N#
M!L8 P8P;& -3!L8 U-6;LU9(U:R:N.38PPA\I(^



@ #
M(      !D     
@              P9 &   
&0!@    !@&3  P9 &#!DP
M!@P;
U P89DPR1AF&9

(:LP99J!H]Q\YGUDCY2 YJRW
FM(J.I:T\\4G'Q/


@(R!@  9       !D&#( R8
@
M   R!@      
     
     & 
 S@Q@ 8
F !@!DC!@R8 P8
LU80
U9LS5






M(@:.)\SZ;2-&2
& 8 &  


M[&;$6V.EF&157E);1[F






M@QLBT?+9
.)]MDPXDWP^*CAY6[VC[T[VYI=Q6J+W]_#-=DQLF5-TJIQ3


MGKH\I+&7NQKPPE\UD^T=:L9\*\/9;7E1XO9





MWXL-_PJ_*(_
?%AO\ U7Y1'X0U;W#0UY(W4U)&F]F#QGQ8+_U7Y1'X0^+!

?%AO_ %7Y1'X0U;W#0UY(
MW4U)&F]F


[&8A&I(URP')HT=6*XR
M2]E(KYN4N

M9%/V'GR'B-A#9
)VV*\ZBF-C
SNB-23KGL:G**QC[MSX(R?S1SU.5-K'N8U)


5'M^0BQI%'ORJ?R;/$ZG]2
M\_8\J/<<AUC2+?\ -G\FSL;9&.K83ZY;<T\ #L+           #_U+5
M        ##,@L_1/PORF\327=2]<_*;Q/(UXY:[=(W2-4;HKE#&!@V!%HUP

MV3&R?3 P3:--D;)]
# M'SV1LGTP
T?/9&R?39&R+1\]D;)]-D;(M'SV3&R
M?7 P+1\MD;)]-D;(M'RV1LGUP8P+1\]D;)],# M'SV1LGTP,T:;(V3Z8&!:
M/GLC9/I@8%HTV1LF^!@BT:;)G!M@S@6C3!G!M@8%HUP
&V#.+1K@S@S@T8

M&D6R[T_Y.1Y'5XJ%K-)8WP_DCV/)%8TFU]9+^29V]LNYZCBK#;.'URRYQ8F
M =-8          #_U;5               !6D^[EZZ7E-HFM3=4GZ^7E-HGD

@#&!@R 
8&#( Q@8
@#&!@R9%HUP
M9P9 M&
#!DT8P,&3(M&N!@V,T8P
&0+1K@8-L 6C3 P; 6C7 P;&!:
8&#
M( Q@8-C &
#!GB;*G)\(OQ
F+9Q#3 P?56]1^A?D-E:5'U+V3*+G7.X9R%CX

]$9U

ME/8\D]VE6OXK_M3/&ZW]2S]?#RGM.2RQI=K^*EY6='




?@5\(PU63S
\5^J7FF\X9/0NA2?&G'X%

M[ M_4H^W\








QV+4ZEXT1J.O0SD+)?$'U[%J=7MHQV-4]+[:&HZ]#.
M22QH8/KV/4]*_:
=CU/2LB\JT




/(=#
MSFB)MB8V+.F+$@ #:9


F#(     !D     
F#(      
&3    8   P9
M          #*3EP60-0?14)OT/CW&ZM9=+2]LSBYUSN&4V/B#I5JNEOR&ZH0



M?\4P\AYGE._CO#\6K^19ZC25BSM_Q33_ )% =8            #_T+5

M W
F#(     !D       &0# &3 R92;Z'X@


MBP#   R  
 ! 9
&3 &35FQJP/G(^4SZL^4P('E0_CO#\6_VEGK--6+6A^*:


;)G%%

MQSBMFQC



MZ:PJN*=9+HJ16Z7OR6/81Y^TNZMC556C+9DECAF+3XQDN#B^E
]S9T8:A2KV



M     #   R  




YY7:;:S<75E+9FH2G3I3J4XRX8<XK9SWDV?35]7E8R5

M/9:U]2%W^


I/

JIF*HC.953





M398PTJF8TY+OIN3EXQ5
QGQ& JJF

TNO&]-
M=]


RN+P?&UY82


VHO:6&]SQG




V



MQ2IK
IT*L8K.


M5C.RG@]:$\$WD66)O(O;'F/

MO


9J44ZLG%-


[-6Y.66M5(U;F
M
W*

Q5


MC&

XO9G'/'#W[GTI[B'M/
_L:$U.K4JUDGG8EL

WUL63;KT335?3
63;KWBM#^JA9_C52_DCW'F@O&EOOW%+^U

C][7[=2FCU5G;1LJ%.A

M16%G&-YQ:KR?M]8K4*U:51.B\Q4))+NE+?E/I1FS1?FAV
[JP

3  &  @ ,F ,FC-S1@:2/C,^TCXS \
M]K?;7UJN_'^6'N3P^K;]1M%WZ?\ +#W               #_UK5
M      !7'GT_7
V@8N?/I^N




F#
M)@        #         
&0   P  
@ # !D 8  &K-S20&DCXS/K(^4P//Z
MGVVJ6B[]+^6



M8         P9
&0   P  
@&  !D 8

M1\K/;GB:V_6[;PTOFSVP              #_T+5               !W?G\
M_#\T9@8N_/Y^'YI 'WB?2)\XGTB!LC)A&0           R
M             
        P9
&0!@R 
  #(!@ 9
&0!@  :LW-) ?.1\IGU
MD?&8$#+?KE#PT_Y%GMSQ
-^NTO##^09[8               _]&U0

0 ^\3Z1/G$^D0-D9
(R       9
M !D                         P        !@R   
   !DP9
  #(&
M-9&YHP/G(^
S[2/C


M!DP !&Z_KU#DY;*ZN(SE!U80[1)R3EG#PVMVXWT37+7E#;]DVKDX*;@]J+A)

 #5FS




H/V))^

M


.GJ/74]2I:WI4[NBI*%:

E!1B

4Y0:M5U#DM6OH*5=2WA-*

ML4UM)1? \WYE=Q7N=1NG5JU)J-HMTYRGO=1;^V;Z@+.     8.35]6M]#M:E



X32VEM;XO





MIB



F$9 X]3TFUUB$(7-/;4*D:
MD=[BXSCP::/GRBTI:[I]Q:-I.I![+?!33VH/=T)HD !'\G=)CH5A;6BPW3@M




M?/P






7F_0M0SZA_:XGCO
C7Q[OG]\



YO-6T2GS=+4XN

MM4M=


MY/




9\WHMZ_2W%9_+$61_F/T*M*M=5)TYQA*A0Q)QDHMJ;;


H#

:;HT


(QC%=Z*V5[2 V9HS=FD@-)


WWWVV5UENZIIUCRQTYP52


\5+'1E
B;7S*

JJA%]Y\W&+?C K!U;K0KFO3HUU&I%5*

MNE=YHN#D+/37I5*.G;H1W5%+'.*ICMMO'3U=&
8W#5.0FDZI0HT.9YE46]AT

M&8R4EZ#K1[%O+R!YSS0I;&@7O?C27CJQ1Y/S(Y8N[Y==O1?BJ2^&6'JVET-:

]OL)-YSAU*CCX-


M5E.K6H3YIQV:D4LMJ2EC&'N/5J372_&.('DO
YT:^T.RN*=Y1=*4[C;@G*+;
6MN1<

&0(O5-)GJ5W

TD;LTD!I(^$S[2/C
UG9COE4EX(1
R]Q2=I3NN66KTXUIMU+BKVTO206922Z

MJ]67595/;G!%L  9V7U/Q

XJTYPEX

M






M#D$U)8S:R:\#N




M];Y6VLH4;B%4)SYVXYF,FG)^XZ5.&Y;H]M*3WK*1KYL^.UD_OJJ_RL[?
L
MIJ&C.2XRNZ[?L;



[_BNZMJ%KS5766Z56BHN




(TX148QBHQBE

@#   R8
F !DP9 P9

'[CIM




MJ=BA]8GT1\XGTB8CKMKMTNUEOC[:.Z
U-9B\HB$;TJLJ+S%^QT
LHNDTX)PP

)  2     #)@R8 &3!D 1^LZ#9:_25*\I*:67&


FVX5*:J1;[Z7:M]_9R?2YY(:YJZ5

FI82?:S::4DEN?!]9[P 5E5Y'ZMRQ

M8SO-?-9HU:US9;%.

M*BC)IZE)YV98PJRWYQWB\VVS.T^M^



M1J0B[2:VI4YQCE5(M+





GK2\I7BS3EGK7





@                  & 9


M





+@74YLT5.SC=UZT'GZ6O7$.Z49^%;+\<?A'33Y10?=TI+ULD_+@NIS3<IS

M-H5)4^Y;7@9]X7U2/=)/VG[1S&3**IC%([X7U.7=9C[:]H^T:L)]S)/V2*!G
M%VG/PEJ8!$QJSAW

M

MUU)[
?%'!RXP :]54U3;5



XPPS+
&2&&?.IW+\#\A]&?.KW
+VV:]0E_)D#:7<:_:O=+JZ_!\
M(YF;;E-]-<1@S]U5VX9AUHW1HC=&A*649,(R0         :3X@ ;0G*GW,G'
MP-KR,^T=0N8<*U3X+/ER<X)BJ8Q3,;1VQUF[C[LSX8Q?S1]8Z_<KBJ;\
6O


MZNNOC(6IY\H:'J=3Y3\
\
Y/YH^


MU M&V48R8/G5N*=#NY)/JXOQ(1$U39$6SKHPCZ[1C:PLD?5U1O=3CCOR^$CC

LL9KB
6%(U]2A3W0[9_*?'T^P1]:XJ7#[=Y[



QW2K'


S:  R0        
PS+

##/C


M@ !*0           _]:U0               5UYJ/U
VGXJJ?R2/%(]MYJ*^



M=2:29!$QU&LNE/PQ1](ZI47&
7XT5SF.ZQKIV$[K8F_A) X5JJZ:;]B7PT96
MJ4^F$O:


M

%U-RN=.*F(V6'*QF9G/8P9
M
T!@R8 &3           &0

(X
MT6'?K5G\J/6GE?


M+UK\@0GW

M*G*E&VHSJ;4922I1C%RA3BTUF4L;_9;W81Z34]'O.5^KTK2LI4[.TH4).2W;

I=S[RD^EG=JO).IHEG=STFZE1I2HUI5;:K[EHR6PU+9;[:



)N49V!
MX


@#





U%\
[DUOZUQ+XF)C V*9B8P/):)8WOF=:AV5?V\
R9I:C?:12O)74I5.9M82A&:69/;DI/;22DMZ3\(J_Y.Z%J\*]Q<6\
'UI[B
TOD
MAJ?):[=[IDZ%^E3E!PV^:J;



8X]NUDN7OE97
;6






MLPVJ





!&36:K(!T0TZYJ4*ERJ<N:I[.U-K97;/QGN
MO8 YP;1I3G&4HPDXQ[IJ







7F


_(+XOD_:U81DTL

MB



6D:-%26)NM.&S*JWG?VNW+K[E]*1RK

TDST)!W

U@\GT00\=K'(#/N33Y=




]-]
9[8R:Y&2


M3FG)Y;VH2PWW\&:-]:5J-2UN(58477=6FZ3C4J4VX[










MY8IU%%M9W91TRY/SS4HQN*

DOINE6]S2YR=.YF^=E%QI;%.%-)X[:K624GWEOW;S[3
.A
M.-*?94:E+M[B$94DFJF[$I4]_;+)U6%E7O=-N*?8DZ<KFK3VJ-&=!N2I2EL






DQ
Q-L)B9B;86C4NM




$PFF8SF$TS&<XLC)IM&<D(;Y&
M33)G(&V3.33)G) VR=5'5;RWV.;N:T5!]HE4ELQW8W1;:X=XX\C)(ZI:A7G.
MC.4]IT=GF\I;E&6VEN2SOZSHI:W6@[K;ITJJN9*52
XO9VDW)26RTTTV1N3.


C:5

MB4HIO#X;CX2O[*A8JTH.M)]FT:SG4A&.TH))X46\8Z%T\2&R
BV2V4[6UJUN


/H
MP?2^Y34[AU:L*UZY5%+%&510H4Y26][4&I22Z%A=\\WD9)OI+Z73IU_5TNO3





M/('V
GS4C9
#8R:Y


14



M^


MI\(7E6N+RK7/)Y&3UGQFUY\FJ/P-3X0^




TBG+



A!826Y'T 
4@                /_5M4



Y/@JANI@?7(R?-2

M)DUR9R!D&
C(0R#&1D#(
#(&08 2R8 R$    QD9 R8&3&0
F!DQD#)C)C)A
MR SDPV:N1AR V;-6S5S-'4)&[D:.9\Y54?==(#[RJ8/C.LD?-6=P]FE%S?



M(                                    /_0M4
M
M                             /_1M4
M
M                     /_2M4
M

             /_9
end







begin 644 phytonutrient.jpg
M_]C_[@ .061O8F4 9      !_]L Q0 



M !$( \ !_P

M!@@)@L! 0$  P$  04            ! @,$!08' D*Q   @$ @4# 8)
M#VT       $ Q$$!082(3%!$U%Q!Q0B





M +5
M                             /_0M4
M
M_]&U0
M                              #_TK5                      85*

MJGBZ-/?./C/GI3E4[:3?2S%)(%3W99KAX]U?H3



MS*.0 J=?DGB/B2\2)69XCXDO

1SKS)/DI77&/B.(7!4[EFU;FCX




M&.HB#S7A35+#


M6&0J*W J39DJ+.]4$C+D@.%4#-4;'7R0UE;FY,ATSIU!R5PCB5%ZZ:X-,]O
MU^6CMWK8SAU%%&S RM5:YX^@!Z(                _]6U0

M7#PDKAT@-7:18G@^DGCX (L+$\!;@!CJH:J
A8#'41')HSL 
.31')(V #7R

U0               :J_:FJ)NK]J:
M8@91WKI7H!;ET,F.]=*] A;OO%@2OCH7#H'R$+AT .'A)XL<W2.<!P1/$CF)
MXL. YAP'
Z\!#[3PLF/$CN/P)?;1(7==!+[:/@
5OET 1W




M?@[[Q9A





M7YQOC)2VH#:^)+WOH
O,UO=X'Z)DY6\9IE*P$59VW&K .^+@^]+T)RUMPR_X5P2YIW\0

VBS:I7
K@:UB





N!%MACRL/B2\9'+





M               /)IJS?2_1/6/+I[6^E^B!MC$S2?.1$S0!2?
2I]XE$V A

M/F)V\Q1@Z



MK]X!R4.8GDX+@1K]XC7?
!EJQ7 FRYC#6ES$:T@
[BYK[(AJ7.!LN8W
=5D.
M $NHEQ
'51+B8M 8NH^8URDWQ




M9/55]YS1HW.VE$*W1


M     /_5M4           #DQV


HQL4;HLS1JB9IA&9)B

6C!

'+6INW.N

\Z

6R2 (
696%@
#%JYLL18#6T8



9R4(N3W)

M@!A86

M       .3
G\FOO*)UG'F?P4O7U[4#EIHWHT4F;D!FC)&*

M    2 (   &6J1J@0=4:H$$$M6( $  0+@ &8LEF+ 
P9DS%@8LP9DV8
#



ADF+ AF+
F:JU6%%7G)17.W
M87P



3E6NE:DTKR+Q]'U/MN'KM[W.
M/H

M  #_T[5        /*TE^$





J]$'F^I#@?IH_



J]('F^I%@?IH_
2]L0](\$E=3D^\H2O


MA8SL18M8QL+&5A85CPL9V%A6KQ-C*PL*QC8BQG86%8QL18SL+L86%C.PL
M*QA86,KPK1C86
[$6%8QL+&5B;L86%C.PL*QA8FQE86%8QL+&5B;L8V%C

'JT
:[I6P.RZNK\JK

M^
^G/7;0        _]6U0       #R])$G@:G3'TR/4/
TB^$-7[Q]


)Q()(B+$6,@!C86) K5%A8DL18B
MQE86%8QL+&5A85C&PL96%A6
;$V)L+M46%B;PK$6(L96%A6


^+1TV

V8LL
M#!GGYEF$


CTCASNGRV$J1O:^KM\*
+
M4BNA2BS1GSR4KV)Q'PZ
T=T

VA3L9=HNND\U&2/4C


_8F
9J=F
OU

9:5F
OUQ=4V7@7%T?0K#TENIP\RC)0


MXS4;
EU19EXJRK$/N4NF2

M-X%UT


MF


M+.G'XBO$CY?2K#RQ$
31A45)3I86

M3W-Z\,3@7.F[QY6:OP=MC\\]\^?T'A1IY;&-W)QG)1MNLMGAZ3Z ZF0
;053U%)732]%$I7TX@\
M-;S9$UQ-D3BEBV1-B-<38B#)$D(DB   D @*D     )()      )(
M(   @D@   @4G+<F_ ;(X6K+N;=+L6*



#TM!

M )() 4     20    77.2DY;DWX (!LCAZDMT7X=AFL%4?
O/
HH4IOJ
Y
M0: =2P#XR\2




M+0H1@5XLHT+!TEP;Z6;8TH1W17B
@9Q0HT;Z(C)  #(   ()    020 )
69

^AF?-Z1-JECVDW:&#W;.ZD_. ]S

M7

EM


M!N6$JR[FW2S-8&;WR2\;


K4X5



M#1C/@F?1[4WFG&?!




+^(G)/;R[2*KEM3KZG&\*
M<95(OF::UO-)J_?.NTZ=[5.SH4KVJR^]
M)()-S<     )    $4     "2H    $          ) ( $D$@0S%F3
6



21-4UKK)/G=#M
M(?)B@Z-9_)^DDI?%X\)KT'WSZ(ZHF*45PZ(FN*X  50  2   (E)15V[+O[$
:W'HRBIIQDKIIII[FGO1RY9E6$RBG*EA*4:<7+

M.
5M=D]6^M9]^P'T8/)SK-*UIA\)A%'E\2Y:KFKQIPBKSJ./&VY+G-6PN:



\;*+/%1B^ZC./CBSR*=IW1
M;N(B\BE2BK$I7C1



Z\G=
MO#X9M^&)XW4\]6%?[5OCYG-*;E$8$PSFE-RB




5+-JRY

KLI5S$17+*:=*N8B*[U9/

3S7+L)AG.$*E

^^Z;5^9Q7 M*E2B^B
FM*E2C C)OM

M%&3CNE!RU9+OI[T67I3%3RK&)[?DQ




N2S3

MD:





^'TNJ\E2JN







T(HX


PB4IN*C.



:4:3
MFY1
Q@


\/5E
M3CAIS4)I*4;*
DFG=7=[%AZ1TJN)RW$TZ

K2B8KKBIE:4
M3%=;SM ?533\LJ^F-^FKMD^*]=CZ9$:&8/$8#+U1Q%-TY*K4V.SV-W3V&W2S



MG.4G=I/;JJRY[GO@#S


J^$E#RJ/H'6
M10        #_U[5        -6)^I^NLVFK$_!4_76!YD#=$T0-\HVQ-L35
4/)<#3H2LY[95&MVO+:[=Y;CU"3H
MB*HJ;HBJ\  %   )( $@       @  0202!          !!) $@ 20(9
MBS)F+ PD:Y&R1KD%:9GQVD6'EBL.J<=TLQQ&L^:*WOIV'V,SX72:M*O&&@W
M'E

T9&*
@
M(E)03D]R5SYO%Z.5

)&J1MD:I!6J1\+I)6J1ITHQV



@    I!!(         D@D   !




MX&B!O@5&V)LB:XFR(&Q&2


T!6'5C@G5P$FD_DWB







55P
MF'JJI4I04IZO90C=V2UELOW@/0  0/



IUZU.FHVNY34;7W;WQX =)!\[I!I[ENCU7



6$82-


I_I#5TARW7Q$E*M2JSIU&DHWXQ=ELVI\#'2[3KH]B<%A<


MV7Z.TZV&Q3FIU\3%PU8:RLXJ*N[\Y]%U7)6RJBN?&4_.C(Y^I+AJ=;+\4ZD(

MZ0582IY72DXQG#E*S6QR3=HPOS.S;YSOZEN14*&6+&RIQ=3$2GM:3M3C)QC%


M#MV6%U.=-GC%'+
=.]5+Y
U)/;42[AOXE%;N==\\W1;*L/GV;9_A
3'6A.I)







\P6(4J
)N&L


5G3IQA63C
MRFO/LU9*T5;SSY_3S;I)B+_37^A$BOJL]T!P=#)L1BIJ4L9&E*O.NY/6E.V









'3=XTH




MLDXR6K)=*WV?



M)G%U'5\FLP?K6CZ1GJ=5/+JN-RE5*47+D*\*DDE=ZMG&3MWKW9\=U.M+L%H[

MU4XULTCECH4*L[PJU-6-.4I)2C&R:2=GWCU^I;A:^#RRM3KT:E*774Y)5(.#
'SGEVNQ

%76Z_KJ-K-1C&$VK[G-</ !]C0SKXK&5
M


5N2
M-Q(1#
69
Q8&N1KD;)&N05IF?/9NUU]1OS0]
SZ&9\OGM7Y6N#I\[@WT)OVI
M*4U16/O  %        #_U[5        




[Q*?*5JKIQNFG%+;



Q9D

'*\#=_//I,\Q_65'5B^SG=1YTN,O;'
MRM:69827TS;ML[VWG-%J6I$VI1H1@3$RE=[4LX &YD        _]U0
M    #&?:OH9D8SW/H8'RD3JP=?D9;=SW][OG*C9$YHF8FN&#VXFV)YF#Q7)=

T8(S1D    A)!(                   02

M&*NV]R1\?F^:RS*=HW5.+[&/%_%GW_0--KVO%HT;-*;Z$F:G+C\9+'5I59;+



MQQYCB.N:C2?8QNE[5FW1J;KY_AW*V^*V;%91LCNMK0N$7M_*49KI+C !UMP



MXCLC)25T[H\4SI5IT7V#MWN'B-M&UIB_O?/J]@'+1Q\)[)]B_..I-25UM1OH
MTHI7T@20250                  02 !     (     !!) $D&%?$4\+!SJ



M[1)Y4

9+VALCC

MG+4TNK/M*



M;QCV


+( !9
MRY@ %ES  0        H      -=;$4\.KSDEZ/B.OF_E'[RE[8RHVG2
[^



*]?9K:JYH[//WG.0;J-I4

S
@)(

MPW^


M+I\+6



M*/1V2.G--\PR]RE2CR]-;=:&R:7?@_:'@)WOWMZW-=*X'+3MC@T:L2\:])
M4;][U/'4*NZHO#L?GFY-2W-/H=SYL)6W;.C8:IMM&!2F
6*^N+D^E!X

97I
M[JDO'?T3-9GB%W:\



M7N!=%J6



MGT



M0 !4   ()( D$          =N6Y+C


Z%&Y3A
J%

3;\^QZM6-ARN69AK3PTXQU93NW=O

MPV+;LV])R9'H=A
)F^)RW
Y-2=-2PE2

M


M?I



SF.6;]S  (@                              @ 20

50Z*


HBZNO6Q-/#N2VM
MQITG6G*4F^

M1H-/Y7.(@NXA)/I3:7G6/EH2U9)[[-/SSZ+J9PE+
*]63OK*?2[-W9C:=^EI


MQ*6RSX

D

ME%*^;J-**5\^



MU?3

K=\]C


MX+EJ/)U82@K[87LT^#1S8K*7AJ$ZZQ%*KR=2
*L:;;=.4KVNWL:NK77$7&4J






+C)5+@!Z
M&'R=5,/3Q-;$TJ%.=2=/Y.*3FIQEJZNJMKV[WPXFZIH^J,JU6+I]<4J52HZ



-

M*455$Q4 D@Q0     #U
JP^OA
?4O:].AAT_M8K1A+V$\L]K!PEZC^:U*?;T
MZN'JK[U.
UZ#




D=;K
M?*&JDJ:IU

(NI*




MMES
V4;5LLZ-JV7%FWPNQ7VLU?3

33-[+6VTL
M-6KQG*G3G-05YN


MQ25G?9M-%:G0PE/&XRO@H2F\:J


EQF
MN8L)5+R0=-;+
70K2P\Z

?R;HO%UG!



M#T\%G53'U








FGK)

1EF
PM6-&I

M9Q



H)QO*HY+9%6O?H/IL#)0Q\
%.6%I4I0G'K.$%6J;(-OE*MK)\=YE%




M(RE\2ES]X7*(C)=85Q5^EA[F:4:6*Z]K8W+ZN'JQI7=;EI2INIL4(Q5[23X)
M;$?*F52M4K**G4G-1W*4Y22Z$V87
:4W))FL!%SLP&48O
FN0I2DFTG.S4%M
6:#TZ:4\;/7E?M(.T


M]ENF







S@+%&9OH?




MBS.(B+YG$1%\Q9@S-F+*
)&N1G(UR T5GL.[1VC:-6K\2FHK[Q_UGG5W*=H0
M5Y2:27?/I

X*I%Q


MAJ]3B+?R;Q;2MW=)2?L




[L


M14C4P4M2HNA\&?0&%2EM%QFDT^#+$CR854S;&5Q7REP[*B]GQ%^T9R\I*D]

DSFA5N;8SN%;23!2
DP
B3%
D22 !)) ()   D@ 2 !)



*M&%








MU0*QYBRJI+MJJ71'V[-D

MVPD                             _]&U0
M
M  #_TK5
;                                 /_9
end







begin 644 theworks.jpg
M_]C_[@ .061O8F4 9      !_]L Q0 



M !$( \ ?0, (@ !$0$$0+_Q &B  $  @

M P@)@L! 0  P$  @
            ! P($!08' D*Q   @$# 0
$!P@'




M         0(1 Q(A800Q05%QD1




M +5
M                                                  #_T+5
M
M                                          #_T;5
M
M                                  #_TK5



M'J_V3EP
 =#U&X?G_81J[ZX?OQ]2]H^)D#Z=FU_@C]@=F5_@DCYX 'T[
K_!



M/H                            #_T[5
0OJE6INCVJZWUG')N;RVWX=YM*#CW#7
M &


GW[#GT#L2?0+
M!\
C)]^Q)]!CL2?0+!\1D^_8D^@SV'/H%@YQDZ.PI]!E6
^@6#FR8R=?QGS?

SL


YZI(Z


  (                       _]:U0
M                      !I6]YR\5^0B[?@B3K^\Y^++R$;;\$!T1-T:Q-D
M$MD9
(R!D !#(   &0   RC)A&0

(
( PPP!@       & 9
   !@PS)@##
M

R88&&:LV-6!HS1GT9\Y$CYR/A4.B1\*@0Z=#6.=\:/D)0C-%]^^-'R$F)R
MTP  @                     #_U[5                          'SN

M
@88080!AF68 P        8
F    P8
@#4PS9FK PS5FS-6!JS1F[/G(D:2



 JL7W3=-
TV4^X8Y


M0D                        #_TK5




B8'I  8I                           #_T[5



&5D#+X&J

W\KIN%/=#NO
MNR_V#?4;SGVZ,'VJ\T^E]'@/AG@#2%+!]5 W4391 T43.R?39
[('SV3.R?
M39&R!HD92-MDRD B?1&N#* V
FJ
@;9

M\\C('TVF

FF1D#?)C)ID9 WR
FF1D#Z*I@PZA\\F
M
@?1S9JY&IC(&S9JV# #)C(

##-6;
U8&C6362/HT8:)'RP
'TV3&R!\W$U



I 82

@
M9 & 9 &!@R &!@R 
 S@    !D 8   P9& 
 R8 &#( P#( U!G  P#( P8P
M9 &
#!D :X
&Q@#!C!L8 U




MV2ZG)EWHRKI5KYM\^F^G/3E/E?47FZ$7N[DVO*F=%/E=1?FZ
UN[CC)?$/-;


4^L;VWEC%:GO]/'VSP&R8V%T&<;





;VW$'B?FX-0^#OUL/EICXW]0^#
MOUL/EHU;7#6:]*-F:DC&]N8/$_&_J'P=^MA\M'QOZA\'?K8?+1JVN&LUZ4;

;VP/$_&_J'P=^
MMA\M'QOZA\'?K8?+1JVN&LUZ4;
U)&-[89/#SUR_FL.O+U%&+ZTD?.6K7LEA

HJU]FS1J2'O!A]!7[OKF2PZU1_#R]LTE6JS6)5)M=^4G\4QG







YKY
MN.T\O?X=YE1/ILF5$JOA\]DSLGTV1@BU#11
[)ND9P1:/DXFK1]6C62)B1PZ



MD42@P
&Q@BT:X&#; P+1I@8-L#!-HUP8V3Z8
8%HTV3&R?3 P+1\]D;)]
&
MT:;(V3? P+1ILF-D^F!@FT?/9,[)O@8%HTV1LGTP,T?/9&R?39&!:/ELC9
M/K@;(M'RV1LGTP

M+1\]D;)]
# M'SV3.R;X&!:--DSLF^!@6C39&#? P1:-=D8-\# M&N!@VP




H9 !         Q@S@  
M&0!C P9 &
#!D 8P
&3(M&N!@VP!:
8&#(%HUP

MUP
&0+1K@8-@+1K@8-@!K@8-C &

#!]E;
M5'W/91E6DNZU[+



M)O7*K23XM+V3=6D5Q;?L'W!G%PHC
MT2R&D:%./G5ZN_RFSW&3#
XB(RHLT$


M)GL:K'C3EZUDY$WB53O#KG.555&D7D9[S[IS7&+ZF:M-=Q]3/29?2
LPU61N






H]#V/2]!'UJ
JC37G(^


[4O
;S:C)]Q]3-E1J/SDO6L]%E](RR=5E.ZD]Z[4O
;SZM:SX4Y^M9

MKW5@=B2Z5[)/9





M&_D6YU7.)MBQE3%B0 !LL@           /_7M4               '@:%S4=


M
L9?:)NC2)NC!#8 $          9      !DP9              !@    


?.1\IGUD?*8$)RE^E9?@V/D9ZC1




355
1$1


1$90
M  D   
&3    #             8  &0 !@R8
H   !JS8U8&DCY3/JSXS @

J!]HF\32)O$D;@(    .#7$W:2[TH/V3O


TZDJ
XSCQBTUZAY?(UVG(]UIKS(FR8Q3

MX-G?RSLHT;N-U37:74-M=Z:PIKU=SZSS_$]);G88S\29P2LSDURC6M0E2K1Y


MIPJ-8VH1ECHVDGCU
EU%5]KEM%5]KFX 
V;(               !@R8    8
M            # !D   
&3!E    -6;&K TD?&9]I'QF!Y_E1YFBO33\B/;T



85(]V
DL9\$







&0   &K-C5@:2/C
^LCY3 \]
MRF\U07?GY8GNX[DO CPG*3?4MUWY?PT3W: R             /_4M4

 /M$WB:1-T!N@$


D7*JYSN*
$YTYDHJ

I+OMK*2.I&7&BB



V$

MLK;EBOD4O?&7\2B6-2DI:?%I[NPU_$2:)PU)HRZGC.3?*G4KV^M:%:NIPJ3Q







^P33-4Q;
X+$TS5

G&*\2+5S%MRTMIUU;W5M:
MRDTESJ6-^Y9:X)].

H2RO!E)G=J]_5L]








.;

U6
Z672MWMN?3A.
/












;UO[AK8V%'3:
M*H4([


9.22E*.]IQ\ZUW&=5.FJ4(PCPC%17@2PO8 \

ME




&3!D   !JS8U8'SD?*9]9'RF!Y_6M][:KOQ_BB/=GA=6WZA:+OP


MHGTB?.)](@;@       R8


M?NRMCWHUA1[T%W%W^+-:FYS5=+I7K=4:5


@      &08
@
M
&0!@    !@             !@R   &#(    #5FQK(#YR/C
^TCXS @Y;];

M?2Q/PKR(U@;7WTL3]3R(U@!]HGT1\XGT0&Z 0      
@& !DP9       
@
M          8 R8
@#     #             #!DP 
@ #!DP9    :
W-&!I
M(^
SZR/E

MP9
 #)@R      9
&0         
&0 
&3      !@            !@R8
@
M  !@R8
@   -)&YHP/G(^
S[2/C













&3  R8
@  !3/N2?IMWGX+H_Q)%Q6OO&E^






TJV\IX[FU3:2
M?JJ30'H]<]R+1T2^JV3M*E25.4%M*I
7M)-833?=





S[2/C






M3W'&@:AHES=N\MYTE.C346W%IN

MU%C
ME;W%M9RN#SDLXRMP'D=(]R7I5W;Q=Y65O62Q4A*


M!G&]  4ARJLY:'K5U&FW#9K\]3:W-*?NR+7@;?46;R!TEZ3H]%26)ULUY].9

M3(W*7;6U52?B3[274\

M]6VK+



4^F*\A!WW(C1

FZM1)O7





M!-K+??P^A(\GJFE5])Y.:=1N5LU9ZI3J3B^




$8




3_8=M
M7U2O2O95_=SE63C)1H[.VW!9XXW\.@#T(/*7?N2--HT85J$*U?:BY-0ALN$5
M+9VIN3Q%-K=T]XF8Z_;5-

M44!-OE_0[






M2YJUYBG#2KARA%2=.G*K-2C!REGMM^_+SQ-*W(BYN[F]A4OG&RN:TZSHP7;N

=J




5O)FMJW8UU83C2

U%Q[C[F0(S25\87+[MN$+RG*<5W


MTU[

:=K1EV]2
2,]
MJUY1SZ;BY?RG5)73KYARKO+R=&<:





@

M^*DEP\1/ROU#S;XG.R9DB_G4=
X(RYQYS&92GN

M 2
F#)@ 9
&0        !D  FUP9K.$:BV914ET-)KJ9L /E7MJ5U3=*K3C.
<G%8\DM



M:*+M735E35EYS%Z2)]$?*E.-2*E%IIK*:X
^J+DMD9
(R /M2NITMW%=#]L^
M($3



VR]G[B!;[]_@G^K+(*Y]P^

MZG^%_#2/.H]'R]^EZE^%_#2/.(XV2N

MEJE&[Q%/9EZ&7=\#X
\RC*


ER6#)@R /K3N:





\
MVCTO+]?/Y1_!']4SS2.-DKC-7HL9?1&R-4;(UY0R9


MHN/^P61=KG5E51K\'GTNP&E.XI5?


3
96 =L-0]%'J?Q&?:-W2EY['AW$:#.+K5&

D.MW#=


M_9

1HX=DBUZ2OROCPHT&^_.27L1SY2.K\I+ZMPFH+TD4GUO+(P


N
S5-=
6Y\;NKOL
P[T;(U1LCGREL@ 0   P9
&0

5UQE53
M&A
B0CKETN+@_#!?$P;K7[CT-/JE[9& RU-=(W%.FE*KE#6^!T_V;VS*Y0U/


Z
VH9Q%]PRFEP-08C;*&4
M:@6C;(R:&1:-LHQE&H%HVRAE&H%HVVAM&#GJWM*ENSM/HCO]G@94TU5S93$S

AU3M^;W%&&6$U
MYSOKZGW*:]5_$7MG#.I*H]J3;??-0;5SN5%SV[&'/S6
S
@ +$   &#+

#5
MFE3S+\#\ANSYU?

M
I?&4  E(           _]6U0               5M[E!?/Y;/[D2_ASQJ/9

M:MUR-1=


 9       2
M

M;[W!=2/F 7Q$4Q9$61G0Q  2        !AF688&K/G5\S+Q7Y#Z
^=;S$O%9
M




O8]LS\:=/T
M
O8]LC?GNNLR7T9[L!Q_&I3]#+V/;
?&I#T$NM$[\]UUF=@7T9[M!Q?&I#T$

?99E&1;K.99KX1
M?PD01;U*L_0KX7VV:N_KOS^/ DC*








MC


&0 
&3  &3

M^


EF

ET3A\5+'


M;IM[7  
&      R8;QO
FM3S

7&
*6
MP^U3PLM;M[QPX$V9R;
Y @]!;:#1IUZ


'?'1:[IRJSE2I
NW&G2J2:ELM1A)M2WO9:2W/<]QF5A<P





M!7=

M*
M

1?)FWA:Z;;TJ:Q&
6EZDF2A?E-B
H

MX'W5W2=UF&U1C+T
U[.XX*? G+A$X54W]A6TRO*A7CLR7JII\))]U
^*9:VJ

OO=Y]YE-5%[H*JJ





MVK7-0C'85U5QL[/FEE+&
*6
K=T

MKK;BHN











T1.5@4_DSD]=JGN/*D$YV-3;WOW74Q&6.]/@_5QX
M3RMU9U[&6Q7I3IOHE%QZL\?4*IIF
M7-
QEM
A




E
MN3WQ:W/@]ZX/N

O4KFE
MJ.DT*=62I3MK)2@L;
U/






M'GN;^X+W]-
O?TT]D\VW@$]R?T]1K:==[6=O4G2V

M[FLZ5/LJI3@H0YRI.:;;PFTDDN+;%DEB+!-4.3?9-Q2A2KJ5*M;U*U.:@]N2
R7LHL$S<<



M2G2;DZ

MVM9T(RK2IU)Q[6.]J+PY8[B]4UIZ5=3J5*3I\W*E%.ISK5*


WF45YJ
6L-.N-4
MJ<W;P<GW7PBO#+@CV^B\EJ&DXJU&JM7N2:Q&/BKI[[)JWMJ5G35.C
(K@HK



LFZ


T1.)C-$2I6K3G0FX5(N
EQC).
E
MZC




PWQV7%IX?=7 X<C(ME-LN^OJ]2XH7-&<(+LBI2FW%*C
!#9&1;);*<H<H+



L/I

M14Y4H;--4XJ$(1[L5!;L/NYSDX
F

F35G
MSD]QO)GPJU

MD(G.(  0D             #_U+5                   C=0TUU&ZM'S7=C

\G9?:;&[[:+V9KA+I[SZ2)FJMG+9JK'0^
7X

FN3.0
F4VN!C( Y;K2+*]][6U*?:XS*
MG'..C.




LU; 
U;#9HY$@V?.4C$



M
]$:5:


MY
Y R#&1D(9!C(R!D&!D#(
 )9
G
MR$E:V5&S6*4%'/%]U^%\3[D3)8PEC<C(!0                  /_6M4


MS4ET2W/K1
 6CSTXU[?WI3DN^EE=:$+J+[IZ$^%6SHU_-TXOOXW]:)M18BXU


M+:7L9-%?1SAO#[^XD22D9VCBC=)]TW5==('7M#:.95D;*JB!T;0VCX*HC/.(


M.&'4 ^VT8VCXNJ:NL@/OM&'(YW71I*Y2[I(Z7




M             /_7M4                                     -*E&%

^
M!HOS
YQ^&SY4R3 M$1+0IKS%=^K%/R

MSZL^0U=:K'C3FOA7[1Z

MCTAC M+'G.S5W^IF.S.\^IGI0+2QYM7

M
M                        _]&U0
M
M                _]*U0
M
(        _]D!
end







begin 644 totalbodydetox.jpg
M_]C_[@ .061O8F4 9      !_]L Q0 



M !$( \ !_ 


M         0(1$E$#$R$Q06&1!!0R4G&!H04&!P@)A46%Q@9&B(C)4F)R@I
M*C


M +5
M                             /_0M4
M
M_]&U0                              PY*.]@9!JEB:4=\X]J/AX_#QW



7%P/JXN?-QM ^KBY@P!]Y\W%P/JXN?(N%?0L
MN8^;F;A&8NVYOJ9LCB:L-U22ZS4+@28YCB(^'?I29MCF]:.]1?D((NITXYT
I<XIC8*RIZ6G6A5\S)/H9]GEM6VTWTL=B*'F9MKF
M??+REK2IZ('*H9VMU6-O'':NPZ-*MNM:$DUX@-@                  #_


W%S  ^KBY

/0CX276CDV7



:HJ

:H1'Y


M          !JQ'O'+J]$TKCUDBLKQ?5Z)'0'US]$O2



60LC/'JX@8VUC*5TS#\R@



Q
K=(P_
Q SX;Z#X
M?F%\&/OPWT

M              !\5?
!F7#J'A]3$N'4/#[0
+=(
MP_


)IOK](RMR^L N'097 PO2X='I .#Z3/'J

M^N+Z 

!T'V_-2^GPO ZP/E</@S/GF^XC/

V*7H6(OK/9W@]5^0^E.K3\U&_C0$I/T#*X=!'CB(O?==)MC-2W.X




Q?%V]7F1!M!J
MO5YD8O5YD!N8--ZW
A[&YD!NN#3[&\78-6MSKL VW%S7R=9^%Y$8Y&KQFP-E
MPV:GAV]\WVF/66/%M]8&QS2XGPZ\%X2'K-37 RJ4([HH#6\3#A=]/GEI2W0
M?H$BR6Y&&P(_L:7!+RF'1D_-3?5L-S9KE42 U\C.VU^G:&['S.KS&
%%XJO
M:3[V


M#?%'VD?
3[0#50U#Z1E ?-FN)F\D9

ZR%S*




M1L:/B2 U36QGUE6RO+QP]

PK8%VOKP\ZWN


GSK&;@9 N 
@ !8-6/I&) 8L+
M&49W ?+0#=P    P9 & 9%O$!@&;
Q8# 
F 
!H7
.0&&CY9ER/EL#Y:/EH^

T?$D!&G ^,/B'@:RGX
M+V27BY^HD21'JPN@/0Q:DDUM31DYN2XG7INBWMAN^O=V;CI         /_7
MM4        ^*L^3A*7

M8        /_1M4        BYD[4)=

M:HF;4--(WHXN5YQ&K:G6:C+8E+A+IYF=I$H7)1N6*Z
UE&E%**X?:/I'RCZ1
MDKZ1D^49 ^@81D#(0 &0    &0#ZB@/D'W8Q+8@/D ^D@/D'WLYA;Q ? #WO
MI     #     ?4=IG5 ^ ?35C.J!\&#ZM='R 

M&&?#9]


@I=%GJDI7TY27A29@\UKX*RC+6CYV6U=



]QE#WLU


E?0
M

IC6
 #
M+DV-;I/D 9N8N8   P ;

]^7&O\$]-&-R9!


_037IG!L+&R

M1Z-67IHWPTDP

MBB1''X:325:FVWL[^/JG@[#5



W\UH^;&;'U86
:Q\V%C


MDQD+QDR2L?-C%CZ%A6/FPL?5A85J^+Q]6%BUCYL+'U86%8^;Q]6%A6/BP
ML?=A85CXL9L?5A85CXL+'W86%:OBPL?=A85H^+Q]V%A6/BPL?=C%A6/FPL?
M5A8M8^;Q]6%A6/FPL?5A8E8^;Q]6




M

Z?K'56Y+J:


R771M9ES

?:49
BJ+2B;1F[YWVF 6L!

M1:'PZ--^!'L


M


;B;8FJ)MB<4M;[1L1KB;$0?2/H^4?1            R8,@       !0 !
M     ,&4M;=MZ#Z5&H]T7Z!8B9OHF<H/@&Y82;WV76?:P?/+L1G%PTYV[BWA
M4CY


M#

MK*# 
F 
F&9


%


M/M8.FM]WUF47!3G B

MSZC1A'=%'V#**%&+ZC&(HMA@R8



M@MN[:2



MD3
?:1R









M[Z
M68.EO9
&3 &0  
F !D        P9
    9@R8      
&3!E #!D6N!@R8
M@8  &3#

[*7H
L \)E%2E#

.:C%5*J<IBO [3NFTTTTUO36U

M%6C=R=2


'#RW3+ 9C&K)Z]%4H1E-U4E&TG96:;N_$8PVFV58JIR:JRA?8I5(.$'U
MO=UF5E1MK91;=X U4L90K^\=:G+X+.+]

M   8

K8:
M34)T]:-)N3C!PC)NUV]C9 T)S#!U


MB'SQHR[::.
=
W\Y5)OYRKTN@.#HXG'5*E17E1I*5-
M^K:IZ!XSN?T)5
QG44DE3P\KQXRUVDMG



]C/;=SGY<JWPZ?MB/%9<U#'T&]EL9&

ML[G#MAL5\+Q]L
;'3=5;&QTU56VZ5YCC
!EN#JT:TZ=24J:F[+6=X;4TUSG
MIZ:X^A@I0=?6K2K/V).


1$TIRQ-Y$1
SED*CI9G.7U=


=5A4S


B!VL-HHJT=?




M(





MI6PTY4FE*:@TI4MBNTN
5U[#LY?C


M-SW)&4        #_UK5        /BKYB7P5^@?9\5?






M3%*N2*

/5PN5
M4*5:G*G.+J7C)6DKS;6P[.X
(\UI;DV-S;$8*6&IQE&E)RFY34;=_%\=^Q'I


M     /_0M4        ^:GF7T
^CYGYE]# X5
W0-
#= K%MB;8FJ)MB!](^D

M     &3  R8  
        P9
      &#)@R 
&3  R8
@8  &3#
F&!\L^)
*BNMWZ
M3W!XG0; ++\9B8:[J2:GK3EYJ5I)1ZDK)'MB
@        #_T;5        /
MF?F7T
^C$MSZ&!P8&Z!I@;H%8ML3;$U1-L0/I'TCY1](#)@R      #)@  9
M     9
            !@R8      
&3!D 8
F !DP9 P  
F&9

#Y9\2/M

ZE;

MGM/:$9        #_TK5        
2W/H

M#Z1](^4?2 R 8 R      R8 R                #!D 8
F      #!DP9
M&#)@ 9
&0


59)?L;9ZXC(        /_3M4        P]QDPP.# W0-
#



EF]51Q&M
ML2CR2NV^&\]D$9         /F52$'9RBF]R;2?E ^@8C)2W-/H:?H&0    P


'4E6H49SM


M)N@5BVQ-L35$V1 ^T?2/E'T@
F#(    4CIJM7/\;\.:;[5 NXI+3C9G^-^'


MK%)2:22\2*KTSQN8X[&TZF9X58:JL.HJ

:ITE=Q\3;V7\1R
M


M7R*:KY\94]M1[0$W[*VM=)6N8]U+'9?B\3A_66A-4J]6DY3BVHRLKI7VEE1
MWKI10FEMFN86]_5820]Y//-


ML5E4C'
J
'3=DZE).




MO :.5.0DIUJ]E[#II-J^Y2;W-\%O#%Z
'BL?IOF^2PAB
?E')T9M).-92DF]






M3FXK2'!X3'T
NE*3KUDG&

MCMU$;1F*SO2/-

39^:=!/H









;^N3+<3C8V;ITKPXIRELATJ[N57W/\+Z\



ZLGS)1U5VME(ODCNG8R6

$MWK0GUM1;+7
MTORCU]Y/7H)7G&E&I3^#TXJ2[5=%.Z18SUXX[%XI)VJUY3C=;X72@^M*Y?E&

:$^9

M)D!1FN

[CBY[HCEND
M


MT=Q\:V!P\Z].G652C.FM9JTM90E%.ZMN?.COY_AL_P!







QJ2HRDG.E





M
39$UQ-D3:/M'TCY1]( #)@#(    #)@R8 R8=EM




MO-4^#OT3$&TTUL

MLT=;#5U7C=;&MZ]/H-MQW)97DWXD(^D?*/I(V#)@R8 R     R8
F 
A[4^A



0BM:I
M/HCZ;V' ?=*IJCZU++
8\/[ZZL=6W/T%=U






&0
  #)\L^CY8&&




]YZGP=^B?$3GI7\Y66+
M8C;3G*FU*+LT:D?:
!U

MQ1T3 4E)73NGQ6X&X9     9
  9
-V3?P&7H

M^KF#_(I^1$T[O9Q*_EW(

MB^
%TG]:--:N
S

'Q/<B=6M4=+&QITI3DX1Y)RG%-W2O=+


&*4L*[V4E'VCX1]H*^D?2/


M9
 93:W
-M\0 
&;OG?:P 
      !@ 9
&0!@R8 &31BL;0P2O6J*'3O[%M



QF6



W

M
VU*[5FVEQLKV.V

G4\S

M2OI&PR 9      P9
&0!@R 
&3!D 8
F    &#7B
51PJO5J1A\&:3[#FXC2

HTRC)LHUZE#WCFX]#V=AK
BNJ^'1IYW5CYN$9


VPQU:.]ZW2O4.9Z]L+Y]^T

+2B

8/+5-*\3+S%.G'IO+T;$:II#C
MZGO=J_!8I$G&VXXOJYRQ90]G9\S



MEN
W-5+&VY)OJJ.6+)V:^E.(G[Q4X0Z;S?I$&KFV-K^:KSMS)ZJ\A#N9NC32



M_]6U0         !X'2:G;%SGSNWHG*1+TDQ6IFE:C+=)QE%\$[--=9$1YN-$
M57)2PY:IOY?2
H^3Z1HE&3*
&2   
F#( P9    @       @ 
M  * 
&0

O-Y!
Q#

TF
MRMB:F(]Y)-KFW+L-8!OB(B\B\8L&0 !@R8 &#)@ ?$Z:J0FF[+5;]3RGV%4Y


+F? T4[BBY
M;*W$M
Q


MJ.'E.L2)A-




L)6
@&:        !@R8 &
M#)@ S5B(N=.48[W9=K7D-K
PFJ



M;R?22B\1E=:


W!0FW&4GK4LI=^GB*57
MS


SUA90[AFSYC

[]G2[&J6*HPWU(KK]0X#V[]O2+6,
MHQFC!I9A+)VWF.'C[V)];-<LVHK<I/J2]$Y 


MM4          5OIM6?K9.GS2HR\=M??U

ULN]8LW=\54PG(K



M5
Z%-/$X2
59+#2
M27
E.R/+'-3R*6BED4@ 
6(                                   !@
M#(    #?A*$*KG4K-JC2@ZE5KS6JMB@O@4Y6BNFYS\_TAK8*I4HTHJGB9)1K




)3C3IRC)6G3G&F[J'
M%[5=R;26Q)GF
M&2:BVIJSON?B9VLTRW%TJ<(JFWC3J1Y6



M$8FG6E*K7KPO2JJ%EUN]DFGO-.)R^E1G2K^P:M&=2E4E!ZSU=G)RBO
ROL



YU%&2
MEJNI&Z@VMEU;:9U5X&!#*JO
/




7B6XPU
MKSHIM6?
EL1&PV7Y9&A@:F*K5XRQ5-/5@HN
6YZNNY-;([E;?Q)826
N
&[;


1EE.6%

+.I*--U&KTXI*
M([92DRV

7

E4N8#N1R/#U*G*0UG16 IXGDYU8PE

M@8
F 
@P !B6YVYC)E-)IO=K1OVH#K:;QY#!8ZE&]J5+**+MYRU2H^V5C5@



J%;$ZD$VJ/)0PRP^M.IT1;48[^=$51]9LNR_#;FJ$JTE
MXZ\W)?%4B+E&:5LYKK#TX*EAXI.H]E]2
6K.VRUKMJQ*QF)]:ZTZMK*3V+FB
ME:*ZDD87)-Y5;87)-456VEFG%573HS2\)13Z+W](VLEY5ESS'$0B[:L)1J3O

K8.A\)HFG0Z0        _]*U

JRK3JOATH8R'*I/
MWDC:-1+QK=+R


/

M:E2FW':KVV/@[
KZOH!C'B'%4L1;75U*G'9'C+EM;4:2XWZCNZ/Z1U
CE*#B

7LWK=1


M

P1
P[=2&%RO 8N%+$TZSQ

MWK1IPEKMS3\R^%C[T5E2CZ\76BY0]8)ZT8NTG'6VI/@S@F[#XNKA545*6JJE

\KP.!QD
'#$NIB**I^QM75A'?O6_P!$DYW1



994A5TCKU(-2C*6
:DFFFG#8T^):J-YAK5&*BT=':E?*G

1H_7C2I

MDN58&KZSXC

4W:


M*-#&X'$.O++X584W.C/S47*RVPERNFMS)V&?R.


MHTJ63XF

MO5










=3#TD^%.'H(WD4
M      #_U+5          '#S.#CBF_/1B_2%





MTN5K^(X];1C-:%M;!U=OG8Z_MC=C&:
Q@
9HS& YMQN_J;/0-E7#5J%^4I3C








MDV?(CW[26UM[$MK?4A7

%H3EF#NYPE
M6=TTZCW6YE'56WQW



M]

]W8@._


JHM+5%H;;WLP %8
M
&3 &&8
LPP/EF&99A@?+/EF6?
F5'RS7-V$YV(E:O=J
4W)NR2WM@*LY3DH
%_5-4*]G9['S!$Q,^C1&K<V*85
ML,GPI'TF!]&3YN9 R9, #)DP#(  R#  R#  R8     #       
 & !@R8
M & 8; 



Q=K)=+(];;6FWXH[%V[SK 5K4TX?TL*K4XJ/HOK-P!
41\<H]-I(UO+:\?



 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_AmountOfInitialTranche'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleThresholdPercentageOfStockPriceTrigger'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleThresholdConsecutiveTradingDays'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleBeneficialConversionFeature'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LoansPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAnnualPrincipalPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_AmountAllowedToBeAbsorbed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_ExtentionFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LegalFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAxis=nnrx_KeyBankMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAxis=nnrx_KeyBankMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityPeriodicPaymentPrincipal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityPeriodicPaymentInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyDamagesPaidValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_LineOfCreditFacilityAmountDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAxis=nnrx_KeyBankMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCurrentBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_LineOfCreditDrawPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAxis=nnrx_ZionsBankMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCurrentBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateDuringPeriod'

M+GAM;
W:2V[;


M`D56@2*K0)%5H

MBJP:15:-(JM&D56CR*I19-4HLAH460V*K`9%5H
BJT&1U:#(:E!D-3]E9?.?
M!:]_`%!+`P04`````#EB6U'2'4%[L4````K`@``P```%]R96QS+RYR96QS

\E


(9Y;AFWE89.D\^(GT%V-NFM[2
MENW)4]`'_K




G(D

M.0Y][HYC7OTXG_J\GO_?5%TIX[JN\[9+YS;?#6/JYZ?[83JW9;Z=#O78;M_;








)51F!;?G65(6HEA+@)X3ED^M]X:H2+'+'DL
M
_EB#QO
X52-B1.:


MM
PHEP
@LG_5XVC0;-O
UN-\)V1I_UV4O\2&
2FFUGZR'AYB#\?9E3VYJ1%J
MU$9:^YO9KVEKW;N:(9G



MO@
203^&3K?$+HKP4EE@B8'X1WV,%EI@=AW%S%19HC1K$K;9S!#P2RX3?L
M*
DZ_'
AE*9Z,\9
MZUU@YNA=8.;\=7I?_2VJL4`:4)?U6R!ECV?Y2+O`!^5D#'J$^RNH:57$4YO


M8=HR77_.M=X'9DZ??F\L'1



O8V]R92YX;6S-DTU/PS`
AO\*ZKU+LVD@15T/@#@Q

VDF:6Z.#`E;\O'YW0V

SEDQ?S].=N%O
*R[
M(?ZMX[/!M%U46
/(W2:-3
VL;X]I7Y$%Z^J^@)02P,$%`````@`Y8EM1YE<G
0


M;U\@M.4?
_@5RU2-9:
!$U=!)KF(M/+Y;

MI^1.6HCA5
+$P&IG/U9KQ]'22(R7V4!;I)]J/3%0@R#3LZG5C.=GSVQ.V?
MC







_Y/%_G
MM
T+



M!X.O40+R4E5@
5O&`RN0HGQ


MYRM)Q%4XOT4SMA*7&+SCYL=Q3E.X$G:V#P(RN;LYJ7IE


G'G%



U_HL@6V$5#)DU1?*0XG!/3-R0]A4
M)?.NVB8+A=OB5

)%
MK/]8UA[Y




0QY@%CS#*%F
M.-^'19H:



]0W^RA'NK<J^OVV*(/E/U;@CN3P&N/+PYSP?M3G$`'Q&'UE:(





MW$2TAJ9-
:7/YCO^GF]Q-SEP/N:
?0B


M'2(_)2H7N%'M#?::?)_4TM^3TW_?M=Z-?H*_N_M.3FYA1YKEF`YMW^/QTNZ
MOCE\9/;KA#LRWUV9Z7EG*VUVOM+.]DO[\Y5F7EIG*VTO]TUK^UE@X:YU2X[


$%`````@`Y8EM1T*['2H8



ED:GSXV
M5UM9B+6H&P5FV7X?9CLQ
9X*@Q59T_JY;$4^
1QU63V*P8WZL+\^R**[X&-N
MC#K82U67-=M4N3CT@?9_//\P&YV&:'HDU585^^.S%
R[$L]\CH7EM+\=@@
ML+O!LDTKOXDTNY\88X-EA[:ZD44KZEG6BMNZ.NQE^46Q#+:5==



M$H2=+3



&


%5BXC2&.EJ$CLGJ.E%^*`CSU]T8





=:%



MAW)1=A=E=\^?S[?ZQ_V15BZVLA1Y=^#7])_99
6F.P54/\?-O
.[_5]WO:AR


_GEW._3_U!+`P04`````#EB6U'X2@?49H



S0
M
T
OO$OD(F9^@3P@D#OT^5B@LP(6D=L]R'+(


M^
Y$M&=27=7FLCTQ)JD:1/JB-NZB

G9(?!D'MC'?P/^?/T:<C=



]?D2OG:;_J5IJNZ_0ZC;V_T6MF\OOIV?



\ZIT!Z_U;ZE[FYH_V'J@]E6_]S
^YQ
M,S:FWTY_S=TU*?:[U[V$7?$ZE1-)#HL$9PERBI(JY$]),=;_;@(S)G.ETN\
MY.-E)E[.\6J)5['%R]*(16)FB1?2&4Y54I7U*#7O166\*.I%LUX6B9XE3J'G
MO5`5:'36\V9TQHRF9MAJ#II48]%+U@L5*0V&=V(R3@QU8EDGAC88'0BV]THJ


M*(=%4+2'4W
AQS*@
%

M

M(

\W8RTM
+8N(;]9Z87E#F`

M#H%6Q*Z*PZIY2SF\YZ=&)$


8=#I#C4'WX[FUB36+4HUQ0
M6R=3;G(L1,IPZ-GU:S]XX62/C'J$30].*M2HY[#(7HRZB8!5)GCEZ3\
CQ6
M).47:E2&YTJDTP`ZM1/

48`J-\?Q\+2.A'+_='E*=E&.=I*PS
MB?TIDJ'_37L[=@`_]K%2C6PPR3US=M-

M\)G=JEE;#4IKX]@
I_R@E


M.WI[/__;_P]02P


M`T-`:SUG;!]^_I`6%)16B[PZ?]GOK%E9R,7;[(!4-Y[QWIY]!NEA@-LFR@




M;.L&
AG(;`BB34






X6%

M4[QD(JM
\2(3B4F4I
$^765:*N
@B(
T2=:1D@VD9(D4KB(E_XV4_!L)+:[%

M7O/?4$L#!!0````(`.6);4=D\9OH[`


V$(9?A:7[F$#V%RRJBRF4LDA55-S2,ZT!TU


^MIMU<^W+




]UJN#66:U!LUN\;G:W3]Z&=A60[

R(65*5+U00(B`G0C+7CE@.QEM!_!0

YE
M1K-B(;3


LS9D-$8XKG&:
MP$!I7!2A_5`%
L58R#$

MH1#D!
N70D]G:0.##C$F`F8B/46WP!:C8;@P]`-P*029&1;`$

MB;/FD?J(Q^L3HR)@*EJ:BK/&3+G8$Z
?KO^1!=YZ(09$P$`
KHT8$`$#T=)`
M!`Q$SB'SZQ5HABRDF7]9U3;T^($80`$#U)*#NITUCPR_?GSX8[`%#%O.&+T^


G/]9
K

$%`````@`Y8EM1R%_7LS$












MD4D5JI=B8`1!8@HD&
1`!N#'!#SK%]$CZ0V[+Y=4AA)#



M&&

MQDB
A

*I#@T($W#Z5
C'1(2







[M:-N]]=3R5W]M9
M]U[71?OONJR:R]



EEFG_@[$I

Q1P=BZ9JW=/`]

M8V[

N$$4I1-S;B3.K?E&

WI'8
M.^]4:_0-5$H`MCEMD
S6
I'`4L\)3I@DI%'
BY%Z
?_C!7V''7@;+0
3`

M%LF$+0+GB(S8299E`97\^7D8;$
/@(]#ZUQIB'K
V9$XNV8IK9'
V@/U3)I0
MM9@C(W%DS2YL@V3@AC0%]I'+8SCZ&S?FW((.T^STMB:@KU.$N]RX`[.]`_-\

8ZDM&(-0I`&P9OH6M![%Y3\X[TA


M!:3L*O/_@4[$%M[-X+EX*_\LVK?CJ9N]-'W?U.

MH2KW_?#6V/?M=$

&UL?5/;3N
P$/T5RQ^`
M4S?`JDHC41AY40#[O/;C))+.Q
L)V&_?OU)0T%E;[8GO$Y9\[X4DQHWFP'
MX

MW(LIQR=DCV\&&)'K87YMP.%TY:NZ#'Q*MO.A00K[;P:JFAMQ)[8J#9TKO5




M970X+GAM;'U3RV[;
!#\%8(?$
5=2VSWMG1MVC-FZ!\7M'0Z@_4Z+1G'G
M0]


=T)8<T?F;C7?3(CKP)K*[#26]_S]+

$%`````@`Y8EM1WOA[6ZC`0``L0
`



]N
DDL;$_6=AKV

M/C0]LZ

MW/&Z
C@3DXYVY.$&\VWA#Z(AWINE82MV'Q!U=:SSV[QBQR#T`;-/F)A5@3S
MZFN)XOL2^^*,7GQ-+R\X+.]7!Q^([Y(+)`IN++7[$E)^*L+
S56#Z^'0L

A.O`FLJMK2@;_?]9`



M;N18:KI:[3Y4JOK0?2;VV$8%Q@LX;O^^@!TW767S`LQPSIDS7(H1[:OK`#QY


ME;J/B+(XEJN[O&#'*/0%LY\P?



M:7U

MX1=
+5Q'P1*52R


+L1PT?
C&!!



3



FS
M5L;M:._]L&7

T

M=1\157FL\I]9R8Y1Z!UF/V/XC%D1+*BO)?C7)?;\C
X_IV\N.-PD^F9Q^$7]

;1^/GPUNSZ.F]XNI

_PG;2
A],'67]I]0I02P,$
M%`````@`Y8EM1YZ^G-*B`0``L0,``!D```!X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T
M







!'D'*(.0+OT^:7R4#\71]5'^*









M\5%!A.D$3Z!4%`J!?YTUWT-&XGI]4?^2L@WNC\+!$ZJ?LO5#
%M0TD(G)N5?









M2P
$%`````@`Y8EM1^^NWLNB`0``L0
VZC`N(#C
M[M\O8,=-JS0OP`SGG#G#)1_0OKD6P),/K8S;T=;[;LN8*UO0PMU@!R;LU&BU
M\&T#7.=!5$EDE:



ME#XJB#`=X1Z4BD*A\/ND^5DR$L_7)_7'U&UP?Q`.[E']E95O@]F
D@IJT2O_
MBL
33VLHV)RJ61E+WSJ$\42K3X&&=ITCR
.\O-1+M
X!.!SX1?63(^%DHV

7!597!%9)8'6UQ:^8S;<B[.Q
-=@F





O




9I34T(A!





2YX;6Q]4UUOVR`4_2N('U!L
MXG1;Y%AJ.DW;PZ2J#]LSL:]M5.!Z@./NWP^PXZ95EA?@7LXY]UP^R@GMB^L!

).BU8+'T+;


MJW]+W0;W1^'@$=5OV?@^F
]9EB1:O
M\RQ-FJ=YAW]9:-<)?'PE?`Y2\;G0LGF5^%%55J<B)V/=A#Q!O
=#P=1D^#-

O










%K_K/<Y!!!0N:#`_'")Q`B'GCOY/FEV4@
M7L[/ZC]CM3[]D5EXTN*-UZ[S83.
:FC8(-R+'G_!5$)
6&EAXR^J!NNT/%
P

MSV9Q.(K5!T19G$JZS0IRD)7F$/T(C)9P3QZK




O


Z6

J4!




M/N3[8Q$0$?!+PFROUB1X/R&^A
V/YDS8`$4UXH#^=X1&4D(^\)]%\RUD

^T+4
1
MODG1=[O;`L4G`D44*)84-S=3?(\I/@1A5S758+KX=RI<1I<*MYZNK[.!QY[








0I\P
M^X2A$9



MF1DH1K1OK@/PY$
KXW:T\[[?


M[[/F9\A(/%^?U!]3ML']03BX1_5;UKX+9C-*:FC$H/PKCD\PIW`=!2M4+HVD
M&IQ'?:)0HL7'-$N3YG&ZR?.9=IG`9P)?)LL&9\)9L/PHNRL#@2.Y6V%[&#
MJRT/A:A(\.9HO$K91T19'$M^NRG8




MS%8=:&%O

M';46YF

M)'@_(+Z&S9]Z1[-@`114+B@(/QWA'I0*0C[PVZQY#AF(E^N3^J^8K7=_$!;N




CG


O$J




P%/T5





:MDDOV&2SP36BR9S




Q+GAM;(U6
MVXZ;
W/


^:XR#MZ=[I^N5LL=Q6LD%B;
M@R/:Q5SY2V(1!3YK0BR./=NDDC#;'I,,&`2$V:K8U(3YEG'9;
;HH)?7_$

*!`
P$H84@5`310!#H639])3T&*0S$9HW(HA%I&J%1(YIH


/5J%.;
MF,VLL,M&T#+Q6PN!
V&
%-9_*F-8H/.[5;8R'1Q.8H;)Z%=-'.L3D2-$L
M



R+GAM;(V4RX[;(!2&7\7R`PP&
M?$DBQU+CJFH7E4:S:-?$)K$UV+A`XNG;EXN3(17C=F-N_W_XSL%0SER\RHY2


M:1]_@KNZ
`HK^-'367K]R+`?.7\U@V_M/DX

M2


M'V`V01BGR188B+9)D
:7(9QL-ED8)UO!R1YPMD&
GI3I%KHOW$/D!HI/MV?U_K97?P!0
M2P
$%`````@`Y8EM1U1FD^








M[#D
Y86/[].1


9*1_\Y.OV(JP_7]U?MWO5Q)_ZV96,V[/^U.'5;$$<[

;8!F`[08
M$!@TP+

M^5%AC
KD0SFR
!N#01H#%T0BO2\AD#_$!JW


M.R`!!T0[(-H!)3;)P2S$0%(-02@K8.&U6L8QCE*L9L-#;A*S88ITXZ!D
U

M9*LXP

CU#9$5R*\,,
M,H<ISW!!4)%Z@V&9`QB*QIU1\/K@T6!_'EA00/$BM4ZG$14BE([U%=&)(6
M:&D+R=RGR@(!)ZCV@FPR(6&!EK(0WP:&9`'F=Z4D5,[0KE7G2V8S@^C-2WFM
M+!Z(_=X.53P=^R-#:+`N3<W(!^94
4CJ^*I1S10J)01NF=O4*@^D56?U*T[
M

MI9=_1JH?O9G?R![?=.1?;JKRU!S8KV8\M

4O7$ANUW=K^XY%TRR`P]28H[R
M*V09=&POU*WLJJ/1].5F(/CI^IFQ?.M4_P%02P
$%`````@`Y8EM1S9Q%N3\
(@+8

2[




MWJ9J6-M7O`TZMEV&/^#5




RU


M.J=]F4\AL^80NXJ]UQBJBR6Q?/B+2NU:7DV%F9)1

#K=P0

MH9U(ZK*Z








K
M\8W&&Q6NBCZF\-=3'/V)?3'!::H(_.4



MDTY]N3!.L51+?O5%SPD^&R/:^C`(4I_BIO/*PNR]\+)@-]DV'7GA0-PHQ?SO
M@;1LV'NA=]]X;:ZUU!M^6?B3W;FAI!
-ZP`GE[WW'.Z.N588P:^&#&(V!YK]
JR//-Q%JG(54,D(
M3W\RY=**LG@O(Y05_KMVM-`<K`8:33@I?.5]@'70QS@S!RZ`ASGB@BZ(T0;
M243&/K*`:
5!O.$@-@[BL0IH=G9-*PF-9HO:0;S.'3IC@M=%J$D70%*-H2
M!5#N/):Y)LF=+





W#



4#&`$\&Z1RR

MGR99H4EFQ^.G29QM8`K]9S


I6D+(94N[]!EQ-XI54Y(9QF8%8^-\!!@`OT&^8IOW?*41_YY'@N2
M&88ND
LU!3@.&
3^H@(^)UG26)3(J70#N=!?A%^:7@0')E71-&7OS)BDR@D\

BW#S
M3L@/55&JP1=GC=H&E=;M!D)55I03]2):VIB=LY<:+.4%ZA:2<G)D3B#*`Q3
MR$G=!$7N8F^RR


M

P&$\ASF





AR1?_`5!+`P04`````#EB6U''50+$ED
M``!2```&0```'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='



M/HQ@/N/GZ^#PE%-7/)*'2A!Y=LTC/\V\JS`RF*5B@&9F-F9E
('?
1Z/H0L$

1PQ2(X+0


4



MGR
P

MU=6Z-6'#`-70T`O3KV+\!M

]
1M1(9--!?:76[U5E

MX*LU6FB.7D
F33)KL/&?(60#0IS!;C)(UPUV:P:]-]@Y@\09D#!*EC&]Z.A%

M-!BO\

$%`````@`Y8EM


$`
MCP;(1FH]

M-


M\-S+SD9B

M9Z8E?]+D64\N]!?AE[H3WI%)U=A-:SXS)JER#[RHPJ_4P!T/#3U+O4W4GML1
M9`^2]8^).H[U_#]02P,$%`````@`Y8EM1SDW%U\M`@``?`<``!D```!X;]W


(ZS:
#=&%:E7GMA54G/HN]&



M^-V\NU&_9_




)=C9BX'
Q%TNMYUMPNW^@]02P
$%```





^!][[MC`N0

:&CHR\RZG5YA+


M'A

MVJ0(903


MLP_M






M07HAHA`NS!!P;1

$VN9

MS52TA^E




XN=Q&T3&`J&D4D8!Z^%*]H12(Z0#_QTT[R$-

ASA8):@.R&QF3IG-J\?6.&R$+P'PMU%

S)$MET&4Q;5

`1^'V
$)



)'/3*R])O+)Q6?HP97DRU]'.'FZC(BS;6D25/S2



`!%
CS1<,*QT4YR!'`3!M34Q@(($\!P

8?'W2@?#S[R;QTOW;E5I@,4.;C[ZHZ17G:\
M]P1I#OX7M\SH[7QT9Y:SN&?83YZ^F\:
^^-`@$$HJ91*P+JZD))2:(#WQ

]6E9O;9Z5YD?M-6]%D=9_


^4I?YMPWZD;
GNL?GZ`_#


(YI





F&C`\X;%`84\N3+!$
X[7$U+UA&X]
M
5K.%&VIZ1$44\`)9E.\&(458QRBTD8'B&B(D1S-BBF(L1N#;C*-@33%SV
MA



M#Q:4CN.NYG#%A,#19!V(8!=Z'`B!CWT9TU]00I72+#J%OUVH(2Z\4J3A93

M4BQ:Q!

0XFW5U.<K-O^\.X.Z['MT+C25L=




PYO_
M+$G_OW

-





-.9#1`%D6
MT+P,.!6<NU;4UL[EL0]#/P8LGX+PI,`<R'B0)I@#F0C11)CE(LN)6Q(1(@GF
M96;9%%)/LR`+`N2!#
@RT
D
9OJ+
M3MR1YB28E9EE9?8CV/FXR1$$HZ9
MCT.`)-QJ;O/\8V^[:&+G\GVX8C[FEO?`T]=RS'P\J*_EZ/=S2%^[@)8/=4G=
M&Q-VJH^2)



FR+?CX6J
5@\BONM-X-D5/QS+YM\#X9&O]<U[^&#W_M





!Q!M03%?B@




MCN
IZBRZ?84HDA4D.9JD;F;1Y'N9.1

M=/

2;4V!JCF)M@X3
1<)V7*L-Z9CH


MK88WD#@D8S=4,`;%O&/

MO/$

MR):S^[;A[MMDZ#)E*4HM9_
-11I!V5(H6\[F&XA0UUJ*=VL8KK4A[S(U#NL1

O9H]MP[;;X*::C
M




^X];SQ8.D6QOFHF8#L

MSW77U=7XN

U



!&_PK#O0$)2:


MJ(ON3AY$
_RRE6U=]
-CNXNZ0RN*S22JJPC'






MEG$R3P!F%D`3VS@?F#%.QACGJ0U[



MST2-3%G*F6OV?.V.0+_;?6V)V(W[SM?)+0RP_9,D+ZXR6^Q=21RM?S*`.I

M*
!@0=X/

VN;+K@5?;#46<ZK&RE[



<G#;AMVB]

\S68N()@WR8G8N)?8B]



%F]Q-%'FW

JMO+W#\GQB118O!)
M[=I&/4/W`24GJ;NYZG-[
=N!9
/MG;D_=M5_4$L#!!0````(`.6);4=$`*9W



E]U3TI\Z

?O-WY4







MD



;0OP`Q`]%\P/8E9/'*
0/0/Q0-#^LB'JK



BI'0


NY=WWT
O+37ALL!4!9@YEW:#O6L



M8Q*%R;)\S2;:L(E
FSRW\0;`O%7DTV!))%H:FMTHQ@UC3_SL/NF&3_KY



M-2YX;6R-5UUSHC`4_2L
[UM(R`=TU)E5J[4S.[/3A]UGJE&9`G$!:_??+R'1
M)FX(O


`Y1$BA-)2!%0&

MZ4@

M(79%B



:`T&%+!)
M/0%]Z.
4(]9`N?0`^P/FMU&@89;PCGW@!B3!NU2$@3D`Q2S;]ICS=1R#C6@

5%PT_73][;=_?L'U!+`P04`````#EB6U'BI4`?^(!``!L!0``&0```'AL


N.FS`8A5\%\0#Q!6RJB`U5%6[
MJ#2:1;MVP`0T!E/;=.WKR\)0T8



M2EY^K'I@(1LL9



*GJ
MP_9





'P!3`-P$


\*7






M7V2&P3;$=A@E`C@/=0OF


O!=V`HQ;@'@38M[

9W)%!=,3H%S-1V1.H3PFTL]$$


M&DRN

)M.8


MV2*+8J48T.M7^!4O09\;8?R%BCZ`5GYRZ#
M7+HV*PKG'PB7MLW6/0M]IH66


$%`````@`Y8EM

M;J

M.\?&+GHAWU4-H-$'9ZW:![76W2X

`\8E[D$OSF6I:%E+T


J0N
^(LC7
MB`.9A

G$$TY+A=-HA7#&)G$'N#!


M%



]*6_]WZ@17=_

F

^.\X^)#5@`*?3+:R*U7*=5N?%^6%3`B
MM\.;/8X-Q)^U]#)NSDR



$%`````@`Y8EM1\[/^\:.`0``.P



M9]6&/IKEE+30R8
.CSC^@=

74KJ*
MN2N76XJ`P_FI3O]+_0Y02P
$%`````@`Y8EM1X3^O%E1`P``O0\``!D```!X
PPV5`2IS6JU
M^[!2U8?=9YHX2K@+#A-]^_77$)Q9%M^6#.C(_G,).9_JZ]_[$N0P^F[KM



.Q'$(

=5)
MMM
Q)@R=HL#2C$!BPFW7.(@1

M/J4I2F*C/AH.)UE
J(V3(]&?

M
KGR&-L269
I686?0'8?E)M*&BS)F*4L8%==P-1'(ZK%CIHUTD&61
*N&H.9

E#4199E1)
M!Z7(0L95:@!K+FP=@*LR`/BH!*Y\!N*AT@R:HX^Q42(=E!$+&5=E@-A'GUB+
MFZ7UL8%T

/@T#K#N!!

MX-


YF'I[C)[JT_Z&



/*

MD&0['&/`I$
48IJE2Z@=0*5LM5HFLT+(K!QD@(


5`E0E=\@\P:2`K+UR@Q4QR7URDWL$Q(&!
MGT5
B=X!Z0S,@#@RD@JD`];D1
M`)+B@
#J6!J0N&=P/']9)@*

MHN+`#%2B69/3B.YDF[\^V

MO#M5;1^\2J5;

M\B]02P


MR\7RFHL9)==/=XR@L\ZJ*X\Z/O(JW'9N&FBQ]Y9FM;J
J&O#.'W^H:LW]'
M4M%N[P+W
X_6#_KM.5\D^8DXQ6

MN*L^:;L4(DWN*8I1XMT5T01S-!BH

MDD2@XP.31+0@


8B
M:+
@:$*`+`1HC261A2!:84FTTI)HK25;BZ#M1%`T^Z=.

MWLX6Z06T\+L`VZ8`@A%%Y/L+%+9M`82KZF1;R&!I)4_JM!G;[T?Q?)'&J'CL
MW%2.;5L`:$V%T
0Y


VADS1LDX+1W7OU=[EN(
M1?RNH9.3/C+FCYQ_F


MPWKGJ23D8Y9LMME$%EZS1(/I^[5


M7A:(5P3B9Y)
5@2269+)XFE/


M[T7__Y5^4
8!A9

$%`````@`Y8EM1[OV


]\C_:Z9\Q&\/A\][[LEUN



MG+

P]]ZL$Y]]`G'TZS[W7J;;5_&5?Q?%;DATG1%:Q]W-1%



M!.SQ(PT,=\QHTS,%68$W.-F=#$W&`F
C&WB&'&.-]AQACG%6:

M#Y@QQOEQR!A'^C$DN!%Y&B)2&A?^C)D_?KQZ!Q^W
:.V



+PC$C%@D39
MBT^2-&DVJ!ET$XSOT`8:*!`ZV%9.A*$B+07Q04-=161!$UUK?$GQ0H3B
M:ZD@C%0O\UWBRTA5


E!M3:


M_H\4+%3&%#F32T36S5[S9TP5=LD[U)@N9_(&D77.?
+D<<`=FJ\K/FR^N+3K
MX8&[MVF</&(X:M.X)=:K(?J4T3IZ%0YMV(X9MFHJ


B;`O&@UNFAO\#O*/GY/5G'QOMV5


M='






.]B5/!QI

A?90`1P+\0@`VN]FY/9:X+#@;/&Y/N\?Z3Q6M


MTB!UV^0+-OG


MSTTGO`.3ZNJ;RWMB3!(E%P;JP&OUYM\'E)RD[B+5Y_89M`/)^MNC?O^RE'\!


A4Z;BDCF(=SJBH(BF9-D72)77J8K[D`02
M9%J)3#@3($5'/?BA_^#V2T=TO_1/]'M_BK_DKG'OG1,(2O*UJ\KA.!8(9.YA
M[;77//Q#GF^\+ZLXR?_QU?UFL_[QE[_,Y_?A*LC;Z3I,X)=EFJV#?R9W?TR
M7V=AL

^B.
PJCYVGY6]TSG=1/H=-_1P&&9ZJ
M=QQL*A`Z/.R
#_O=AKEI1N\(WKM+LPI0KE=!C+_;O1VEJW605!Z4T7X7QO'A
MYR1]3+SK

C3)%QXIWF^#;

MC?


:/T
M]73.3F=O3\].;TY/*D,;R*^#)P0['5<PGV?;L!FR9U$UQ/.9IZ%B^J2`


$(EMB'CQ




^Z1$U?+(*D)M0D#?C?+]!J#08@7Y#@0PE2V=G]P(2+RW)^\N

M\#$/#LB[_M4


MI=

M/J%6!/IYE!&]:+C.A)NP93Q=N'#X#+U_.'=X6CU5R9&L./`E[8.FC:TT6(5U






O1O$[W*3T(!P.TE(!$!.\%JD*M
MPM?
Q9<\^S5SY`VH^=SS
[`DM8O^*5KT'(XK*!DGN7



M


M@4EO[M

M

ME(


M':SQGVM84P!W!0[W\AY09;W&&^!['X%P&T-F/!9NZ]W\!301$P=CY0
3;1










MZ1Y*7J@B$*(&=KVB=N


M

4?I)4EPT


(]L:/#Y0U(<!.\.T7OZBYH*03HA1-0KR$

E/
5T(PKNUW;.DBVUF:`D<($58H.6
2=4
MC=@\0S_4V(0J2*0O9



MAQ!-O/X/NFQ@J2F`WZ%A6K)AD`=(Z(+BU0=[M\]V;C8Q@P#+6*RRH5GA6`


(TL-/1X@2P

-%1QJ\XN


YQ47^1T2!S

MG

M



M

M8FPH7].'*'S

'(TB%#^#T%EOQ

-VB9(OB9%A-FR





4BT$G^*RG)&9

:
M*#`M+@@UZ@E*M#Z%:'7U

;`


1(2$(L

R9QF=8L24&688QPW:49*ZP#=
M\YM
%.]!QGF

9B

NN3$KC$V`O\7






9`:SXEID-@D:FA@1/*;

M4^9+19.(:P






-'TX84_X&7&N.9LT*$

M?%L1$UA0-`?C+A;'+[W!F?8+CL0**

M93S1L(/X-R?N)/-K@+1LU9')W?`D*KUA+P$;SY82E2N$T#`95U\VTID1
$E&




M7\T^-=


@


Z=3BZ.S]H'V(JRTYSGSW\&'AWJHDP?@1


GCIB).H4DU['QUQ3Y_D/E@$RD3DV^6!4
M(.$
-2:OZQUZO]VF5







W):&+HRY)SIN+=9PPPP=.MB&YZ`E)




K=2-D6B561!(?5IR&(_)^K=XDG`L%.
(J





MO:


T1
'

X@
:J=


MIVJ\L#0N2;
%KM
=:]&ELFAFBYCXN^OG8)9U^0%.MY;P?3:^Q4'$$0JG:$`





M[H#&5C&4'L;


M`#O]%X+.VR#Y3

CJ9




%^1K/^8YX
MTBK*7;M\[4+YYY`:)#L%0?CP*&<^QQX0'$03!RNWXM1!24LHA1IUM
*?U


X3O+T
K8Y@4LT3*27DFLS5-TDRJ:1GK%=X/


R(%^^28D71LC`TH'3`9S0W?@3*DH
\C#RV@#!]=_4X5XAMJ+9-BQ




Y$F320&.L*CM`
L0BU*@YIJB;M1B+#R)0@$34%




$]`S481W?0+%#6C1+!2^

MKM%)AF(UUPKEKWHMQ3[+MBZR%H6)74+%.7!Y=?'I]/KTXMQ[=W&ULPNO#=Y]

VZ_7%G?8-W8J^T8VDX0^MUZY#^XSXM-0]@
MJ8(SRJ@PT9\VC-V49:''L

IIJID5K:];JB^A.6_]



!O&0[2M/#QI/WDNN_X`@,NX`DK=#JK%7EB3I$'WB4@&




MV*KXVPR564XUL7%S
=J1E09HW

M&BO+2


M'U!_%@2L






MDQT

K

M5





MZ5=11

MM\/*Q#/3UC:MH'V?R=G+_$1??A

M!\?;]WQ#XH

Q


+;M!&9)]+<(L^4]&`91/#;4
M5F$CRZT].3I-!^@Q&CA^6&[U^W\P'</_\:

7/7YS^VH1
`+D5IPF_XB`U\5!(#J\6PUM0O49^Y4.*T1Q7Z!I_A14AMBOC
M`?D=&B2N-QEJ=[].MU@##(M4Z7%H8*`LU'AK29WICX:_A/^P6_O:W1?I-5I^



MCOM/RKGS^.9PT3D38#AC:.NX63K#V7=
]%
JQLGAL0M@I1*

M


3(66M$[2^5-
?A-@/

O&U@%^5K4&3YX;3C)-52'TO^8=;


MMU&_9HS&0`Q&9S'3D.`EVS0/Z2

M'8[]2;^#5+4[G4YVZLUE*FN3E%@R


M)+BS7:-EU)APF^P`2T)]L;HUB%ALJHRQ$GEAN7&6V46SJ9LC@
LTDIYP6V




PJB37?M'MC`NV-]MT^X


MQ)H\MT




M



MK:%(.1?UDEM1$*>C#2J@$ST=PSE=MP)Y[FH-5U&MQ&
MMF^

;0=U+1ND#4`39%R_-M@3C;R.ML/[&;7&%

QMM-QFD@XBM,2$0M?6/R?5@M*2*TVN]B%;MDGN_8XV6;4S!T!O
MYES,QARF+C]<U&.!J\GHRQ&X@:1QSYWYZ<H4U.]35KL/H6PEM7)^'@%7Q+
M)/<\?/1^3K//?SF2J\:YKR:Y%9O;WVGN=Z2Y-,;?*M75*H0OI;F]@3^8C.MI
M[LB?3=_)[G?D^3N)%=_#8([P*H#H^<([F#J=[H=4SS



M+R]0+


J/3'$IA?]Y:HMV_.]`;GN@]-'M




M2



\JU`ZR47NP=:?9JT?=XD=L!Z#+`NT\)^FC5;T

N`&S#5=H7Z6U!Z)P-_

MGIQ$(*$.A']5/+

M%@&6)[/-

D4-;S`

M%$=[%6']$?'@L#&1E5!



M



MO:$_'O2=^0O))2@3XB^'7+`


/%.LRC'CKAX_4/C_-0I#EZ95UXY'98)`G*/








M
9I3IZ(B)4%-



MB+B9F14FYK%TXE:)Q.@E]L-TU?'A'@;PFMOO`,7QD:\/8K?

MI$7CW2@R





MZ4(

26

[R/VS3C17Y+VZ.



EJ]UR5E&-XMIJ!W

D^`V?N*.OF3CY+`WH&M`###\8[9`S1@`SNVU



M49390Q'A?E3A/`Y0E+'\5V3@ZY

@**[SM









MT(F;?YQ\67

#COM?J_U

ZA
[[%;





K7H(DRU;YT

MZ_ZQ=?



M+R1%`;Z8KNQ4[M]'N=4Y(:#IP0N.Y^6G(QW*G=5SJW+[C7


E%(4)B6#(V.\-



T

#T

:%0].L-
<OXZ`9;BZI#8`I:#:6


`
^[T285J/NYD2AT)<`*D^\0?.5XK.SI%96$QXI/^'8Z40UN





MAF$9=3BL+V3.9&ODE.3?K\%



M%L#M-O&\A0P4)




D?5EZV/*B]!N;AC+LTM


D?BR




E0.E

8'X24L+(E
M$A0)@5I[B@6B)V

D%%HQ!U%CD6YO-\MM

MT





M)W#


WU


LFS3O8S8

M!.Z8'+)EU1+?Z`M&JXN?5'?P+8&W+-'Y4N*6?$D9

.$Y$<21<)%RP2<OP9UQF3]HZ(






M9U+)-2='H
$L0/;J.)14C%WHUJ'R&5;-@(/#Z:&JA6NP0].84B#`J*P85F7R
MN44L
&G=N=MH@4Q6A9PV4ZXBU-PC:\



M')'&BY34G#J

NF*0N

A


M`32J1J#OV

MXD3CR1?L*OB11J9X%JJ$A8[VC-



Z-97G!5NY-:-9EDNZ+DR!+^](
M,)!P&[<,GSVY,`FXSA:,DQEI%NLK6X%ZFUH$7Q[ANYBJ;Q=\0U8#%6CID@O
N.<'*QERMWPB/1OXE$1:[
1ES1B%``A5$!.Z.4&6A,-.EZD
M@I?C[4J1?Q0UA-!3%O


4

M;Y1N;


'TQB5M3C-X+AM&

3-B
MFA@-]Z_+Y8L;V_JO%!P&E*0E;*)#\X





ZG=T/F;7G
;R`/B29KG=-NYZ

MC-

]$*8@'A!^U#S`PXH
+GZ`^

M

6\

\T+_B`4EU^4&C71<$;8R:K#H9B90BIQ?4[_9
M-X?J<U0'%5!64[&3CM(46B6'F]S!\P^FN+($J5*I)J+Q#Q$W[M'3%E^.Z=9%
M+G<4376`S`N#*7S1=642$J6DQ1YF:4)?.9N/#6FQ]W/5S(].**81-RY.#D(
ML7Q@I1O3#C=8I&MBA$[VB#;!('I-T7U

+




MA





M)4#.&HZ=(\%G]\.%GS'TX:1@+FYQ(_66]OJCOS)F+!C!+N!?\;\SP1O!^J1
M))$I1Y%U.A*-&:(A9/??CR]Q&XK^]+7YUG-5]#6)A9$?'@RZM@/%6;4F_C3
M?D__:69)@XG?&_9;@['?P9M@8]Z+*'4PGEGCC=$H`;]J:#NVS3]S*8RVYE




'\8




M8L4EK
-L'7*9TO0IB#G\\BY#A\9=G-YJE&]U:74KPXJ@&-8PL[
31ER%Q;Q7
M.*@F@




Y_`!D^GQ;R;KH_PT
VVO+_'6V6`)Q





!(-)C


#911U`C7VA9DNI-F8;2-#Z]3#+&#`3G[


MUY8#;C*M7YD=_B2'$X=]3%.UCX$HVCHHRR(8WJ8ZE'ZQXT



M?(14`P5(2H

M[T]*]5ENH(WJ%1T]EY$7XFL0IIX?8W)@%^O(ZPF7/:(+%F7\=+M6KK&ED9!
M`'P-:04:!6);D@5#$YA\FAX@&][MH[N:9=$9?!!]0[%8?JR_5E$3K%G9)1^

5CSG
#^[/.(S?6</I=GO1?G!LTP5EU:Q

6G8Z9=A\:SYH'3/(C
5:QH$.2N-F(/%&L]++MM\AL?

!<+R.


Q\CK.%2[GV%4YGHLL&;F(
YM9J?YA*(IG0-2T3B?L9X'RC5*4U'D9,6B
ML/+V'7!1W_V6PJ17O9[?J=CYIP8FO9W5H#TBM&I+JTI96NH$S?9:A:%IT2J
M:Z1K]&@6

^6J=%VA%
MTZ\\6/P0*]XYM\5!0DUZ

M.S^]EO[XM$


MCW1ZQ4^+;VJ%SSGG*#9\,+#-4&/:BU&R-0Y*V-\'&:F1]\FV^7B_7G2J7K

G^A=8HX)J([`9
P+;2EP$
M)C8
K_GC\*OREKBX=YN5D8@PE6$LWJDG1%S&\QN)AT+7?*EPZFFE#6EHD3$
M5;2]8!./A/%\-_J


M$KH*(:;36W/JQTW8C:*([;!IA;\GZI#T0Y




L0FN;!0C\^ZTRM;S-@&TQ']KU;0
M73:N7'[V\DQ@Y7<:T]W$BU/.H4\1*G#$NZL,S'4]S5P09YZVD-`B]],966:F
MI7E*V#-4A5%JS'[2F)J6\HPF+CUC\`%)@;7]TFP3Q1=@.LE`$Y6E$#+:!(Y




M@@@:IO


@

5Q

MCX!LCLL5D



M2ARJ
E=&-+DR_4K*
_GE/K]E=9:*1P/_;
NEY4B`JK]\RZ?DWGQFQ[



M`%]R96QS+RYR96QS4$L!`A0#%`````@`Y8EM1^
B]]8Z`@``=B@``!H`````
M`````````(`!.P

7:5FSX!``!I`P``$0``````

W=&_\7@(``,L+```-```````````````
(8``!X;]W;W)K<VAE
M971S+W-H965T,2YX;6Q02P$%`


0$``#)%@``&```````````````@`%L)@``



M+GAM;%!+`0(4`Q0````(`.6);4?-%BGGP$``+$#```8```````````````


M%`



3
N

``!D``````````````(`!



M:&5E=#$U+GAM;%!+`0(4`Q0````(`.6);4=0(P/SH@$``+$#```9````````


M``@`Y8EM1]$7#+FB`0``L0

M:&5E='


M`0``L0


M
YX;6Q02P$%`





M+W-H965T







M4$L!`A0#%`````@`Y8EM1Q?GJ4ND`0``L0
``!D``````````````(`!P%0`






M='


P+GAM;%!+`0(4






BYX
M;6Q02P$%`,4`````#EB6U'5&:3XP0``T!@``&0``````````````@`$C


M7FEN'`


M965T




V+GAM;%!+`0(4`Q0````(`.6);4=F.X=*-P(``/H&```9





4`````#EB6U'E:6:@P\

Y


O


M2P$%`,4`````#EB6U'F/E(U'
```S0``&0``````````````@`&W@```








4`````#EB6U'AM$G#QX``#Y!@``&0``````````


``(







4`````#EB6U'8&KYQA`#``
#P``




 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationsRecurringBasisLiabilityValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrealizedGainLossOnDerivatives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfDebtDiscountPremium'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_NumberOfDaysUnpaidAccruedInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleThresholdPercentageOfStockPriceTrigger'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleBeneficialConversionFeature'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAnnualPrincipalPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_NumberOfDaysUnpaidAccruedInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleThresholdPercentageOfStockPriceTrigger'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleBeneficialConversionFeature'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAnnualPrincipalPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_DirectorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_OfficeEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_StockTransactionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockGrantedDuringPeriodValueSharebasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=nnrx_AesIntellectualPropertyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_StockTransactionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesAcquisitions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_AgreementAxis=nnrx_EquityPurchaseAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_StockTransactionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_AgreementAxis=nnrx_ShareExchangeAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_StockTransactionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPercentageOfVotingInterestsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_AgreementAxis=nnrx_ShareExchangeAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_StockTransactionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPercentageOfVotingInterestsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesAcquisitions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_PercentageOfRoyaltyOnGrossGlobalSalesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_StockTransactionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockGrantedDuringPeriodValueSharebasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesAcquisitions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_StockTransactionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_StockTransactionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockGrantedDuringPeriodValueSharebasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<table align=center style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 80%; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleThresholdTradingDays'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleThresholdTradingDays'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleThresholdTradingDays'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_DebtInstrumentDefaultInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_DebtInstrumentDefaultInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_DebtInstrumentDefaultInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_DebtInstrumentPercentageOfIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDefaultLongtermDebtAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_LeasesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LandSubjectToGroundLeases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_LesseeLeasingArrangementsOperatingLeasesRenewalDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_AreaOfSubleaseLandOfOffice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_NumberOfSubleasesTerminated'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseSubleaseRentals1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_LeasesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_LesseeLeasingArrangementsOperatingLeasesRenewalDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInNetOperatingLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromConvertibleDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_NumberOfDaysUnpaidAccruedInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleThresholdPercentageOfStockPriceTrigger'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromConvertibleDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_DebtInstrumentFaceAmountAdditional'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityPeriodicPaymentPrincipal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityPeriodicPaymentInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_LineOfCreditFacilityAmountDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyDamagesPaidValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisWithUnobservableInputs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermLoansPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LoansPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayable'

S)M!XYC=Z<[-\39G;WGG(.`D1B;K4RYI)3&,\#\]D/*\E648SF2K,L


A+#9#M

M\PFWZE6MM2W'[(QY!FI1ZHS5YQLV.[&G$WPB3BJ+LS`C^B+?VYG6
[B&LY56

Q87\]H




M6VR6\VCYS
+U$WNZ_$T



M=S?ET:=YGG6;;GF*$Y\E3M3&%Z@2RUBI#+=UD#DD(3.1+7



MB)M!:\75B-86SJRV&1KZTY6AX94EXA4O)$HW&-OCN^71S?+$WF+5I!N(-_Z'
M2CY`)?NU'ZYY\'$1K?:UVN

LF_5YSL8V?(
):6='

MI'/G._HJ#CL





M(_:LIX_7BDH5J5'0/%OY]?_M(2-?PJZ@.!]59:


KK!C=(+#1EAP189&
M;%&BBD_9


K2%#DQ'1D3D;8'
WK4'S[0?$
M'71QVBQDO2?\^_GT'%-]-$;L^RS&0B;F\NU3ZN`;G)$UM('%7WJ'=3N\QQVL



MOM




C
/

[6WGJI7ABYBSF(X(R(-MAF-_2


M;P#1\?IHA:T!Z2L+T3Q%F?[R%*J.`X?!5I;G]AU&B12%.-XGKZX\LE'U.Y1N
M24)P
8&(#2)NGY^)CC
V)!T*!F4)@8
-#G*P\1.-2\[T-JF4@HR.WC)^8@

M4%JVIJ)!:EF0FF(V%H26I0ERD%D69%9=&8.&OE\[93?U`!T]$O!@--(#I6


0'

+L0SKX(*#=9A
CBP7
O#8

$.!D
L!)+;BSP%RKJ+E5IH
33A?!
MA^\Q:I7$@W4@$\B




MZ&VT%.D1=)._$OZ5

P_



:\F@I8!!9W]Z3-L#WV9LPK-I3X:I5=\84/
M=QR


M=



M+F^OK--D'%QC#RG&



M*=]/[UOL5AP4=J?#*XSX+#B\1OJ(4
RFV7-#H0N[1&M+J?

MDV\[`N

M7!\_





\@K[)P



8T]=LT3&9JK-XQFU[PW!*95
M(Q?8;^?7_[2$?7\*F^I#AI+0&-*FX/
U#+3JLG+K*U(AZ&8=(5620_%1`-S
M.QTPOZ_-V&9Z:#IB;3KVI+[8+4CRHJNJTM\GNMZ+93IRHQNO.RG?Q*8



$.N8GUIF39`9R*Q@
HOU5=#$9/8T7JWR



T6?8EY_V=
M57M'$H5%[4\.K+#DIY^J%1A)R$%C!B


+H8%224;X65OE:S#-B2N5K%5`^*!^4?V#E

<#VD4OE12;%9KC1


5J):04988DI*@%2%$#*8(4

M&$3.@\K-YXEH*KTE`KF8&L9P1,`XFQD!V_('Z.+9JE!;B[U;^O7*!_J/




2AJ
LZLN`

K*
A(N0EWTO0
:(
M6L`+7#840[-
$:H`H$!V%L%\B69[WEH:744^^CWK56Q\OL-;/O=I5_EFLZYR


M*7!\1UT*CV-I.)KD3KD/B5(
U;8$`E;A:15W0P&R==4Q-X=]R^B8^-[YZQBW

M1EV

K




M#W40EM





MDWL5D7`7BJ3(EKZM`1%&R;ICILQ5+KHSRCS'^&X/*9[L83*Y;ER((0K
+3
FV:JIB7I2$UQW
M%#6=#:J6HS@-*=J1K54UHX2]$Y!-5=HR+%55ZX(4@@8



M7M/8PE!UTZJ'KZ+TAO!*/_&=!N&0

M.


L
V-$?9$6E-




7MY3Q0AV=#(%0ATX@


M!G6EQRXH;
P])6CR'74S-^G_PY_/-QV7+_/C6



H;ABB;F*CD&W(;Y98*#8
MR]/
M5'7+`+U0WZKBE


M83BZ9BK[2/S&1V




=&0


M#'_UQG;%


MNK$]&3=CO$=S9E%Z

M1['TI1AG
)JC;

M8\C-B+D$6(S&_7EOB.\-
=\Y!Z`9MH;\A%A2T\Q:V*ZC




M*]?@]5P.3V#NWE6R:


MR#I@='URBE:+(T$G)/9=G'K[09I4G#YH)N/+SR^I@%I^)]X@N`99NT1L*C\K



_CNJAY9VM=
^&82

E;MXR.P5#VYWH4V[%Q2_K6$'=/7V<N'BC





'I@GF-1(HUY;`TU67



N]-P'7(5%-)R%XUU5SHHH:'[BQLX^MLN4%


WTO_26&\!Y
/THOO12_Q


MF_KQCS

;I)LY\3\H1-_A\)

*M$I&^)\\_\AJ'GT

C+
MD'/LD/.U0)_=5.Q)?B*.,G('0X





&-


/(8!]Z#CZH0W=SUX2^2^^G(FTSP_JA#1CUHN?!P8
V=A!N%L7;SL!!?$`7<<N])


M
.6JG*E1EK4J3
B/..J']RRD6#6Y3262-!BH7R%0




102V&R:H#R!_)T%K:_8_\N=J


4VH



C!0ZA!F-X+4(S\#P

^.0N`_D30%L




-^?*6)]`'NX9GS


7:1#&.[G4/HNJ

MR)2=B5$EEYKHRY(\S01N:7.$E/



M%/:Q\L]7&2//FZ



-0OLEZU@Y#U?Y


M/P.J!#`IKX\





J
M

4!`KYP6I0@P\SV2[L'(
C9I&
M0*$ND:8\FO
^404\2!Q$J$@QXA/):*V2TX0#CA1[)B%1[*^/`TJ%3('[8FL
MG@C]*!(08LG\6EYV*H%A/'`W#&9A+8JR)PSL`G)BFZ$TPE(GIC@IP!L%F1B

M5:'UQ(H8V(?V#C4
W$IF!\@?'?
^0E_._4:OS49TLNBWPLH-+*(QEY(?`M








ZR




9334SFKZDT@K320[*?*K:
!]NP1X%:P\1X;]0EF[J


MY?EPA_N-%[*


XC74O-U2EZ:)\A51GS1;CO41N^7K(1@[




M7B+*Z]KB)6

0T#P8!DDQ8SX=&S

M\5`*3)-_RP+3MV?Q



TIO(+G_$)M&1'4`0]&N+DG1DT&

(
M(3X2N#3D?HST$+]AX079V8YWXN9&O$X#^SA3R'1['3J[&8R0-8HF4BQQ,1
MJ=/QMO32L4\_X(Q)2(1+==@#DH+H&4U-3S/HK<'3$8-T.%AX@HW9`7PV'3&

M;+C.7XO+2_T*B_8?

M@B6D2HF7R`@0?\^V^5



A9S^/R.E.J]KKR9?.WFRF

M[D)!/U
HIPWDS94/
M;

M.^9CBNQI`!`YX^&64AVR8BNX?#PNP!KR*AO2+4?F(Y^AD2S91M`9L'%K`0*@
M[#FV''2]UE6K.

0`FP%\%1]QURH6:;

.%G1@\2RA#0N+GCQ]

MH/=A]7OE-$(I0QW[&W/F/`Z
\A3!)/6?=HZ=`<L=29*8GT
MG+GMHNY*)6(19#LF'(BM=$B(I'A7C&0O(],:$\E(4GC!@?FRD*Y<X45:2

M




M.\?)5;'%(/.HB`?%NP\G/F/:(_!$3&6+MX^[[_?X[KN=U.YGD0_&4K`;!!2;

LD6F@

MR+'A5;)&QV?`L




ZA1W
M+


^;76[F&]P)X0



M&['0[2!89U0GRMJ7W1GH$7*Y
EBA\0N4&7X&778*]2';HL*])EX^#E5M`\


M[C%#K)+&/1`_&1M8SYS4


[)U3M+U*:?8(C9G(2N]2U$9`S9B+


U=*!

M*I$.
@

XLXQ0+#_;4F'$')L]


MR:
J7--D



M0ME6TX'RX4NB5-KA&V`

OH=?

6TG?M&XRO___WMUW;S*V`2?M^-OW_Q6ZF
QY<H=0
M:97+\D#'1RC94\'


^X3.
\
!\+QWS4ML!1DGZZ;?P*_./A=]CR/J
M'\'+;[BSCO?S

0]BVE
M6&N6

MF$F(K9U#WS9#_HLNYC\ZO!'BE1L\
=ZL]9JZ9_O$8&1CV;3::]EW-PA]8`

#VE/?<'O
&


@N(L?A$DE`%?


G`4_RJIV:#(1(
M`YMPPWLH^

MK]@X'PD0-4XL@G_BB2`L#9B88!/29Z;`O0J'.36@P*X[`')II+O6R^BJ&S

SACS94?
96
[A(-LOUH^

MFXO!+Q83'`I3/OWT[QCC`W!XR867?%^2I4^]6*($T72*L$DRS\B-RD-IY#AK


Y'J?@55TG]M)/O]


M45+X;J/?WF*B_^*(G';QT#G17I9\[Z+?6
:;QUFG@(F`?R!MCASO(9?PL4:4


6_@V``JP5SFODA

]]C
A+V!\#TJ')8466K_




L.TG-[NU!6^GSN^EZ.PQ4:.9/M2IF94KJ/Z.BED'/FP

MB9AZ=)XKE(PT4&703.


M)S'#4P3

:W!^KV=%19DS_RT[G;:\;




M2=IM5W=4X74P-=7


/@%-3SS#*Q
M=)K3AK-^A;06W3(/X3$J
^N9^.4KXX*O1#J4RLPZ0!XU]=[@$+OM&/[K^HBC



[%-5-6]4I

ME;.O2&SI_7[OK*V);;-]:V-BX






J(F4:$?=7@=8[]C3GVQ/
LW(K/`(G^

MP&W











?/%RR
MX;H1;6P
(O7-N&GC#+-3Y3TWYDQCT_/``Q'GC[7P,H'(),Q?=EM@H)MKQ'

M

2$]`-Y&@O10*

MS##!!.(.IG@)-Q83LD/\V(B`)D*+]:F@/MAF89\[C7O07O@`^@1
O%@:X!

N+WP\W5

#-=^R

M\=:`['`0UJYISXC3
3
*41;R)T@NB6\2#A=D[]I;$*33$?`Q8:SW+K7/D1]$

GR]L\




4LAK384I?Z4U
?`//*85QR

MRQ+==%-0W6V7^=S&!9O(GI&AP.VR-IA=%EMX:9L!+SH.V;8!
&]MA&HQ=]







M:A_B
1]?^(2DS]@O_9


+]`LVV=F2`
T^9@$





EQ%KBH8A'

MB$T

]N-?7&H+W
;.49K!@N@,7C9T%'^`0@MOQ-9W!E6M]
M\`RWROZ-1&=.G/C9B
[N.S])QP:^DZ[_G+S]OV]=O7IK?;A]NK35ISY:(!]




^J)*=1&/E$CJR2


M#TP


MYDIM1^]WNH)X@*?X`FWE9#N^]#9_XLAPD*FEV0_'?9IU%?+S73BV55V`
A.$

Q#K
#RO5PF'5K2'ADZ0S;

M3K



\_GGE_*V5N/7Q0OCGYJ_OA+N7`#]V(MB+BN-65T#
M

G

7L8&GQ7.6T01FP
M;`X\5?E08\TKO]P27RUD2A=)UY#LR'S<YEIY&)#C;E0J30'4=.KHC_!.F


PYO`L
M@#3&H-VA^P-W]5=D/?`ACZ2J+E/@.!DH;\7(1*2
/!RE2&J`++*P^%P25KFT
63;GCS^H?,ZBFT8UA\/!VF91B_51F#]OY3RS&LJXWI*

M8K
ERW

XG+



M0(XPU!O=;D:

M?*N)D=@=KO.1MAIZM]\I4LEB@KHEMYF=?NZKU.]W@23IEQ-3+C6GI_H!(P

.''+%A*NT]:;





MXV2WQ=;-?`%VI/?[A^B



<CAQ`CC[@QV
M[E!C[7XBGC=BAA_@(_/&;VDSN



MS3+F@6;9/C-#9PY7


D/K$V

M?@+DAI?X







M6



M2U/FE
0M4.+2




MH]5V)?MS$LJ



M8Z[










RZUJYR!
C=2QC9S@#*F7$MKN-K8W8





M]T[A$-8B(E;]`PL#T\-?GZ%X%?(T(TEW%:3-1GF!%\)*








M18DM-KBRK3?[+;W;[:SLS97A6ON^-E_RZQ#UWZ'S[#'NPD0C&6X.;2QJ\P
MZ7#1@9V.EUW=W`E1WQFT?B6MSG&`&V*Z#H9`&39(&W$\Q^/J=/0FF+B]3G_K



F!/\X#4&.HYGC
0=





FD[W)I-V1L8K&4$
M5A1TMLVEC0S2\2!H@SH$I.[MU8YK689-M!Z@!%UE@2JYX:W^UI-$U`FM0.


M$_DT

M+XEB\@CNQ2O.;PSN@UK:1
(QLWQ'




T*'([T)L8JXI6RP^(*=PD:%@(0S/
MT0-U

P1T^!)&

'T-HL;&!=B#)

8B
M



O]SY
-4K^F3M_5Z=

71OP64R-D4'N=!]`_*_C!=33



O.A:KIZM:W<7UO<.5:[PS;_Q/+$4HN:ETH1OV%(]5F#
VEBD5


DM3D<Q;SQ^7=I?8`IH=/`760\-BO/#-75+2?<811
U--3]4C!I?8N^<%.3%;197.S9=Y;*!C<BN)DE9$

M
*JAXB564GN)7Y4\%_L48
=

Y$KQQ6`PN+$B7E,<E,
M#)XQFRZS;%TL/L\1<V2OV(QFP0

#8A_$!\[+35F=B
MH[!7N;3\H1QF5A#/J.*]$`+@%(I!@(8^U=D/9#;+M-8A#V24@ACR#UB+1M

MR@13Q:EKGO8R`.[!W5O-5ZNFA9#UG_




@C





MJ8)PI\4H4_*$+J2N$BWGYD(Z]B[Y*LS$5EKZOFJ$=&J=;*'W%-0'(_80N!




M9B\6&6GV5_'$5JJKH/B%7OD:^][:5B4)8B]+5Y'#;JZYXVW[YCL6KZ/:AAUN








M]LZ$W^H5(@*Z_ULRJ1VQL


MIXRHTR*^.N]BSGO[&IW*
[W+=J_BJ'@*3KZ?42)RCRMOE31W4




^T]M?61[;K\D]6%S


*DGJ*KTE9;MTA'L]&X

+
MJC.GJA
+JDH@_\D$5?T[]:R?KKER$L?^





M+D8^


M=ZNG)6?9/F**VAZ

M7]C


MVS:GL9&


RQX
M.'^8[1JN:2-?^&[*3WE9FD\6C8#F46AYXV0J891
S*X68*O15Z;X#4K:N!

%/Q\/;(W


M]X;#@M7]=E=Y



_+K6;.?93TK7W[V$3


;7R%`;SM,G.VJW.`ZBV3E40^7HJ(
MYB)V/7RA312-N`ZH3+Q(S]A+41T)*XYNDK93'^6Q%44MBML/TC_%(%`0.U_
M`OX;NO8[/!10D






W_L/D;P_TFX]A_A
9$NY_8F.8863:E(KZU
MX6!L

M1&P

M)4H*SW+!89N

R;


IML@;Z&\H;

=4]8=*J3O*7$!*C2)O
M.7+^.E[#OL^8&V1GJ_NRX:8V`\AY%FFKP3H@`.LP1#P[.L$?!GV-4+=*/L(

`%-W\
C=VA[8
23`HEF



M*Y#^36J$Z@!IDS4M6BW#V@/D=G

KEP+_W
#PA$X
M
T)%D6T99(M`)@9.'U+@5O2;`5@
)Q



M)1]'GV8&XJ;_(!F!T/6(51#-43Q_XL'U2(MR1@FWF%]K+^U7Z+0((E!U']$L

-
M=NAPOX)O!]_P'8X7!*B/U)G!$!32AK@\'EI/[Y!$+=G;MSYGRCPGTP)_L?

V63
MEY.@L(
Z0!VS$AL`PU1OG7NBD+5%'J:NV?Y;(#+?``Y

9L(

(HBYS(CHB%JWH!#12J^F(ED0L00:00MZX7VL]%=E)ODJ2
M`PXI<7
+DB88*S06I2!

M2XDJY+U$AGKV\3P](T3F)
C9

XA#
M\K2.]%93NPPI
I`P?.PVE985Q

M
H!8]H')A!WTPGDC1S:L@)LQ/V/UXV7.K*:)';++7#82$HY'(:M?$-BYEG

4?
MOEFN;
&7S*`W
MR!1]B]/+;$E1(88C`[G8SRT$6R:C4Z


WMF&P[Y6
L)60@U&

MGQO(+4V9]Z@@7[G6+?IGA#\W^$+Z!-H1_$Y%GT6FS`1:`E]%H1E0)8!).31D


\`-Q:7D:STTS_*1Z@HQ%_D/B_!9!
M#O*?H[@VG`6WL
1(6S^S%`.V[]N

1%2^+19D\!


/)

N`RENR)_T2Q
7RW
MR-^B)-'4JV)K%)D6Z:K`%R



M*F`
[)

APB=!!(08LG\6GQO`@SC@?L8


2]


M[YI3`NWU[R]
*CQ_D8HWX1W#[L]V.POFC1M1.SD[R\:+S1L2B+6&_\]0];
M_TXMSD]]MN2RR'




MW^DXCZ2`K^E



MS*8OJ2S`=-:#


M6[!'P=I#1/@OE+:;^GNI`FI505.V+X6+V4)\%
47._AV385^^*E*=4]G-6D'
M(2)Z5J2`C[GZ'/@:0I^.M*R:V[







MW:/B6#7X1FP?IYCD1\/$;G/^7'')FG')[L79\LD/L:G^/F6J*VYY
F[9W(-=

DA3=ZE%*Q51^D-':7C



MDV_VZ1E6)N=F&/X##6428^:)K@

M.(8CI2=RNA\[G-=E&0K\Q4UP\N#%?$F.HL!4ZPBG*-W$TP@R\Z1`!S



MX4+`&'\E??IH2XJ%7VJ?5SQ%*$T+WPI5D1OK*18&M$_!2$P;M=@(GAC)97(_

`&U0%X(:9PB05,2LG8I:`6\O



STMAEX6+\.RY29-PQ'

X)20X9W80N
!.*^H3\?^%\*!FKMT









M/')&P/;"(C##%]F==H\$08S%;Q06125AXA#$I(RO(+#=L)8J8BGRLPJC[
M4*-'N


J-69*OXX@Z
M?XA#=A_@^J1`@_

!
F2J\5`7S\@MQ$LR
MIX4*P*-R6'HU!B($PL4\-^KCMQQS@ZL2GBZ3I'/D2XSQOJZ2^U-XH(R0K%\
M/9-X
&*.S1Z94


%1#D#V@PYF;[:DT*%$=.C4!!VV;[FV8:[;NEYS

M[F[/[


M+/0M1L96AKAVY=2GQ[W=B&MGF7OZ#99!7*UV0Q\




MJ3G





MG`]7Y:)4@H
MYZ+`

T^2DE+'U5T52



M^QKS








:Z8

M1%4)$?NRJ3?Z#;W=.43.'@6[JD)49V[Q823
6@HN*]NOQM&!2DAOU9*D^@9E




MU=[]=++@S7$:1-7&D%H*O#A)EXN]Q?BV4*EVRZB:AVT*:W)S?I&=H^!KZ2VC


M%S-\[0:.QM)V;D6D^JAL6;(YQ=+









M#.W#[;7FN1J8CV#Z::V!K@&O;.L:V;H


MTG%__*%JJ%_MK-1JVDK=IM[HGP+SE?VTOQ!

MK.3V[
HNJ_V0\SH;?









MP#@)/?H]_4U'&5_/Q?A26?'*[#HY$G(VI:RN2LJ_;GO)Z$K)/_'K2OGWT?#-




ZY&9EQ+[P]4`J:RXDZ.

MLN%R
+@/$NZ0B=[*A%

MK945



MQ\];]PM#DPSD_ALCL(




MQ9\SPR_2A=_.U8N/O]%2.F&U&^V#=B?LJ`*VU[BX;/4*/[SG0IW;B9[C(^T7
M._AV





5#5K
M@5
U5G%#_[(L#(P[G'P6O1'5N4:S:QVMZ^GMKNJ*5WT4/_NRQ6-P
M\?J'B
^NW]ZYCG







`!XB

M;[/@O?O/B6U.^/ON/



%]K.;*#9SOG^


M%]ADZ/GS+\;31QSG9


M9&7!\'M@OW9M!W1K/V(O?BEP+;O#;
U:/F


M6W\$;!PY'^Q5R]M5P?NZ\I4IF?


G2[/;ZC4&R^.4U'+SG6S+



M/HIC=@7FV'2&=P'IA1


MS\[\95?XK''Z5)V!G

MGT*GQG.&\?SKOX


L^\</8QQ$
MUN?LGSHBOZN5,E4Q_Q0O4#2R1O#P1S1@$J[6!#<CM\QB_F&X\S?NP'<;GVP




&@





MB:4W0U=2FV$W!-YU++]TM]%




:NV\
O[YE




M



MO0?UB)Z!1VOLU1ZTAZE%9E]_T


0FHU!JCG0
MZL44N.1#&VAVAVD@;[?DM)OT*'!M#(9I]VOZ_26OJYATUK+6?^CA#YK]UFG6


)-G]CN-^$V


U\9EBW[I^&;Y/N
M!;?GCPO/(R:P][*&.7JO98'GR-VZIZZQQU;%
TW#[A?O
:E7:ZJ_:ZL.[5

/JS99W5[9.5DR`QZJ^/T^7LN$D85ZXN5-TJE


MJ.U77



&TN!%XS'_D\0+!%@?VY

M18)]I4.J7V=P[]W$R





M
VM[K/W
MO&WL^'<:3?;*Z=A/#/8[9QXU6FV%;O;8T1CL]M?.<*HQG`[O
7'VN&5.T$F



L-5KK%Q[IR8=K;24&M$QS^Z4V^SG?EQY`.Q]$
M_4?D+@
5$'7Y^R

?\1MO'=G

'#0[;


UV-G]A&EP1C/#


ME(?R+K'>OZ%P0NS2`B(E^(_6L8

L/^'NMHL<+ZV]I?C='2AVA6TU
M
V4Z5F3S[/YCH
FBRMNAXE#J'KTE8$X!PQ
`AFR!86-WL*Q8'6S?LFLB6E[:


27!IO19F)3EA9PB01O
MSL@/N`-`WIM.+$#S8@UE#&\Q7#A_CF`5\RY;I._-!$0/W4;.B@$^$_OVI!

%#@VCT%VP7V*&6CP??%##2XUE


M9;

M2GM)X%N$!LINO$DBJ4;RYL4K($*+\95Q+$ZNB/%82O=-U)4V=(@VN5*;'D?













M9GNQ27GEP748#JZ#5-&H6&W@MO*^/PRX-YAM@]X%$3^7J5*E07C0JS`'S06P


U`-3KL]8)\]J'*3<!K%)^$<



MC5:SW]XEY^N\0%U2?&BE:

@

\_[7V?WA+)[C9\ZWD*GKWQ1
;?;-AF;@J@*_WC5W`








M[T^#]

MF]O];

M



2OPH2J
MU7'^7/?%J=P:N7.;T@5=^VV_C@`\.50X6X_OXEAYZ^-_
9`G1_2D$T]/X#[;


#:CVT?7=]%J
5O8Q,7?Y,P<F?G=$P2YQXI.OINO
M,B9R%XW^8B98BK?^U:-A.RBZ08W.OEXT@C8GH`/X\RO70MD_2TG+WR@C'G/A
MD1H*@$NL/42P'KP(I^':+D;BBS:$YN6:^46!BOFK63K:TJQG;+H!DS?B
M5_#X;9K.'6H@#=*CM+=?66G[.=`TW7LS'!$!;6_'UZ^V^%;WWCB_K/M.JNT
MLBQ_D/-]^O'O#).$
B]^8_.$\W_-N2!]IZ2DS\U_2?K)77:\JYOO(6P4Q
L[


MUJ6KJGI4S6ZWT10DL[#D@[9R_
JWQCSXPYT9MG5EFGY$
M)8YT]W:F:I91-SLYWQ?0X/4JF##_!A<V\^T@;=ZJC9HO%TP$E;NJ;#=Y_J@
MFL

_:[(O^H-&K.`!/+L36#N#H=8?-2@
P5Q8V&^7(PKU':P\Z



-2^4D[9ROC]!.6EZ'TDY4?929'*F








#-
]EJ
E_\5

MT\01'!%^2(X$6Y3B45S066C\
)40?;5<3<ZYQ6-73A+GPE66;
MV.


OX%B`)/SAR2^!'@DJQ/
M8]^I'(.^&L.[DJ-
+DJ?EI@.Q%=C$9O#
QK+0YMY/@((3ASO!S`R7SYL$5O\

M`#.G2TX'%LWUH*W







-
MY1=^]K)4SC!N^@"2U$'I*,`1M'CN;88\8/B[\])1QINYYI`JCQEP6BH:[
MXK5X!D\
T]]0'


MD6-I^)M/F;&:
1X#?Z7E+KT]A5?PG%\\2HL%4`?T*+@F[\00&




217BO6A


#6R)45@(ILBFHVG
2$E%-D2./UZ^CDZ*2DJ

M;MFTTL6I8/8I6\X66'76:[0SG5%R]DD5$0,_^_%!2'%P(*

M)V`DWUZ/Q6\?X`_M.WT5PKK^_H)AUVLXD1?B6]]#+6T2AK/7O_SR]/1T^7WD

?6H_






W@$C_G[7Y22+[X8WG@ZH#I')MH/&W
M8MS2\1!O4Y^
#6EJW:UGJZ:+0IU7`5X^X6P[Z*W



M'#13%(*G-:S_T90



R_AO^_/\#

+9
MIC
-(5II=W_R:E=:K?_XZV7I--:0
D3PQXOVY=5%`V*+V`C//UY\?KQK_G[Q

ME'PU
EN(WYIALZ;XJMF^;KYK7[XP^T+H@!('3NLX0]_XVY6\.,%0\N5(]CV
MOUM0./MX@3%]:0H]7OVVI?ZI2S`C#K*!^U;X`A)IPL(77;1$)U^G@QBG&//



M+NX0K:$]P#R6FR/N2&Q%E
Y&JX/2F-R^4V]/3'8/<?&Y5^#?4@W8N
M,?+T4N'TRI8I*P#24HMYR^(08<A&LRZ%-M*(5E.;UP*G=$'-6PJ[A#NKU!7K
MP0-Q83BOU-`H&L!DDKX(I?%@IX?`K`^1FFM:P%
JICFK:@]2-&:2[Z&N18E
M*5DM\)$+KA?Q'N5-_@THY;%&./HFRY%


TTLMX
REE@#5W\U!M0=G
MD#-G;[U.QH
#?R


6HD*A@2

$`6V3)5W\FC@5'LT?P(H_B<_54U!S


M/G7Y_R(?A(UFHQ6D_F'YI-G=%98GG&R7G;GVBW/Z,*9E)%]EHJ[*SRZ;`
M@6PUQ![4)Y/L]^RTMR^%
4FGK-]R4S



M98.

B]AR3S









DY6HR






M!:$=9N&$9;\4H
JHS@Y3J8K



8OJD0C&Y&LRF:8S1#EGB3Z_8(@]OG,7&0Q2UV?BN8
MK]\3&<1\3%3U#FR_:(STMW6L+)W=4_`\SUPN4\`'UV8^TK?2K359WY^NZX
MH;:R5=6Q0M^V0+:?A5
'5#B!'594]4$V\2'/9:^^H!B+;J?X`)/-NC;YR
M*%YXX8LMRMO1M2*#(9.H+HDB*M[Z3HUACKB1A/1E\&T\'HX6XT&3QT1_?]

';5%*]P!!
BDK7;7T



WI



_.U*YHZ
S'XT)1A@!^?R3\04*W7-6KW]0;0CVK.Q`A!7PP^

'
A/7X21/IZ`U
@JCD33R.T9_(=\6AA






_$W=.$V?KKYS/8`'R^*/[XCX@+(0W$(1_#I;/7C
MMU'WL%L0I1=^
+]8M;D`88B_1&CXDBX7\.N[))@O0KC^W0S!)R:+Z^\3RC\2

MN3-N'0IGF!CD98_P?


*D!-T2

IW*\I(<L[9
1WYR%`
MZ;+N]5`\5MV#9-#_WAE-NE@*VQ+!9W=OX/1WY%/J_@S;'




T)\A7





@:JDOC4!%G7QSE


M)NTN#1S(/
;7R'ZV8ZN^1R!**9
S9X0DZOK$R`BC)$\FN$=Q(MRT*PSIMMZ.



5H[_?UF2IT]-8H8?:#NR_Q8^IF.8ID6`$.N0J36H

D



IALTD:


:-TH

MM.86Y)\RD*'#R.#!FLCH??J$^8WT#IIR1:2S3UEBE@-EP\/;@\62O%
U^-B7

#UFP1S4L=9!3UJP6
MQ5#W$4[EPU9

*7Y6F@DKU?(B?2_JHMDHFO2%@


=*&7[(RBM-!7TTK7I
CA0

9QT_
M\_+\OW:
%G'QPCQ_AQ;U


H[/Q=!L;]70G:_N]DB




7Z`_B6^@\Y@0QPG32
+LX%X=D7HM9L6B
M4M^][41NB1H'E.;NU9%JRC1&+*K
G2_A)






NX2$=RBV)ZKY(?#]$'9`(LY:
DZ!X^42\;H;+.M72L270(T]#I]=Z^2T.SGM3DZ[D]/.N-IW<MJ=

M





M3XF!6MLQ.
'?+'\KGOI,5Y;=?AML6JQVDBH++]EOO;2E`E3Y[C;%KPD6CO\
MV+OJZH-E[]%6$S7[#K3V2GL_(%MXM`EZ&DV!$BP=!G)AG2Z8LDG!D^O^2PC
M.
M]Y^2)N,@?4'L`:0I14H03TJ;AAF+5O*K/+MO

D1G@@,^?$^$IQ`_.TK!0-[]AUQ-G`S?\N1H\0(!!Y</-]


M5:[MJ=U.


P\SO\RW

MJW7.=Z.4&

M92












MVR9W804)'D48PP209/=Q!_#ZNPRVZ49'A[Z`7S@)T64F8
(T^P*-2[2_*J

R.



M3ZV

MOH6)AX+\


W;Y`
M;/&MYHE]I$9HE



MM6\Z8%$@%]J-BD.Z957[*Y1;-AP\R)


UTGLJB1?
M4+[C31@C%3M?W28_B_(B2Q@#K(P=1O&=
M]\E^_''!X@IH;N/=5WR1(.\.@X
#J#5;'T9*VK/AL[H




$2*^Q.=/*UR:


0\[7^(
(7
SC%A+2]




\
MQ24O:_)4#-I+#4?P4QNO_Y%HSA50:'(4YWAKH]C

M

MC:W\B&``@Q44GC^FDZ8^CC_&YU-/O@:
_#&((`/W99$2

MD_YW&(`E/&Z;MLG@\;4H&\=2!XO)01^OL2;]E:7C!P_D7/VJ[/7`1N-^[J8K
M+4



+#_[
MKT?R5C6;J^BL#XGJ-9A78X!N?1QJ:Q#_O3WZ;]G:558T9YD*$0H]L&ZD[/G
M,TW.)G.[HIW6RM/




5-X!9`AG*
M
F;WC6!+Z4R/8

M6P:NOPBV#%)OSL6J5]S4LXZ:RBI2/`I'U#OH9^A\_HPP\J#;_*MJZ@CZ`U


CT&FLQ8AQAS:L`\)V1QR';75;Z#G
M



MYS

MZ&

M!4DD1XPD/.0P1A+V5!4CZ7\LBG=^C:-2Y_%#T(YGUO*X?_T/6+)+O**ZI$



MWSYL9$Q!;5;





Z^X2EQ

8Q_:-EN-F?HI/Y

M7:]4D22=BR;)GDK^X5=ERGAYZY\PFH.''HPMFZL!Y(2^D[FPIUE)GX9R#N
\J!4=G!4F]8IGE#*Q$[<#N<
MV]/W^

MIQ4'IH3M*73TV34MT/DK[11(^5



)(%7\6I<E?U:?)XRR+8.K
M9BR-7MU\+Z!)X4C@VQFE,&@@#5_[',/78OB:8X]AJ^%$6$0P]=B^!H&M<3P
M-;=/]QB^%L/78OA:#%_S+]48OJ:PB/]S^?.:YDDNK$/ZH+73EIA#U:34HCD9

M=.%$%TYTX407#B9G0W3A1!=.-Q?.]K]AL3V4?:
E85_*HG[3^W(D3;W8I0V=
M.7)R'=J='RC?\S=5!\%LCM+&?JS.AO)44HS5RNP^A6/(MF.(



6:V!%9]?&$Q1$S/=0%FTD


G0<IG2HP)G
M:5J/


GU-&-E1`&RJNDY^(*NJR2C;

/GEA&


MA

M]W9&Y-A@$YG^OXBZ8X=L-#C2AHN77OKO
:0?Y.XP_?=DTX9Q?(3UORO'^4C*
M=YIJH;K=!O*#W'6SUJ7

M&:#(P_Y^RF/;UN

C'?-D(954\8MN3ZJ%8)5FUFJTO;E^RXB7)
M'I-




M
4UV3).-#2B(H]*I=9@@XNJG`-UH8$R/KT59/9E7S)&V#R5P6(D9OVF$(0





J@[#S83\TF7V`?*/;
;?;N8%*697W$;EX@N%W!]J$L7K94,&N
M?K^1E#_=A)OY&JGZ.H(7&5:[V;854W-$V[=/5#V[^N2D/9#O*
.94-X375L


MIB0DPDA-51_?!AR-O(T5A*^*F645(3'\V-05/J/0$;&@L4+:WJN12+LTC#04

;[AZ+[):#+99+=M8
!G^\+-N[_M.O`CC6%.W]A$69'FT:HAW&*OPOR:^3
M)<U64.3]24,_H5&TI12BR<3Z!.M



L!-*VSL*?')H)E2R

MW:L;G['R-LF3A3[QEZJIG[B[(6M-KD897VCT

M'K3&

GG26

MAXX5/!5QVM2!6]]I8U=5J



[/DPDT;KL[AEJ$GM!VC4:PT]]KV&*-68
C^U#\63I_F#S4^ZK


D5T
X3AOY+7QG




5

M%/0H-PD@YR_B.R\)(_R7_P=02P
$%`````@`MXEM1QC
S;2@@@``*VP'`!4`
M'`!N;G)X+3(P
34P-S
Q7VQA8BYX;6Q55`D``YI@1E::8$96=7@+``$$)0X`

M==SHH$BDQ#&33)-



4^^RO*GK[_]YIOOOJX;?L%;_NES$1^U
M_O1=W?;=U__YX?H^?

M#$HV5]IQ(6D+^J^W=;.W]%=OWWW[]KMW7WTNHB_H'.19@N_P!K'/_ZD\[/_
M?E'$VUUA\U^]YSCC7@




M_ESB-


M:M.T3(G8EW%Y6*6;+-\R=;U\+
H\,N:$!LZ(_^W/W[WTX_??_?S]^__\/V[
MOYD3^OK?ZADX&G.BVR?A]@*/5^$XY$%CW_[Y@_O?OKA#__^P^K''[ZS&!DU
M;(0


M!\J1W[_]YEUEQ_\[^=7?^'?O\%-


!\0VLEHH33.DWJ5)O;


T`2A](IQ]K4(13?W4&J4-(UR1WQC%


M#7]'!D;/IQ%A=Q1LZ7D9/1W
.[@6:)OEF#0(4I2E&!UH1C65/];G
4CH*2(J
MGC%Q9:.@Q%^!L:]Z25/:5*V8S1V3


M2-\BDDU_MD&\W83)`M9'GQ8`HH@K!$@/)0W3``LN!R8=#8;JDDS'CS+$O)
MFI7TC.0F*W&M;AP-M8::;]NL!=OS'-L.B/6H[;(G'3`=NI2AJRVO)_4P$[RW


XPV/.QR)*%BX/DDM;O3/1E1$A0%



M\*;&!$:&,ML*&?J8L9&0C9G5@4?1/=4V-I4BVAXM]!B8)I$U_J82PH`-3!
MV%``U5`;=R'\^T


X;MM%4P@%;?






MMP*F.O9-.J(L1[PKCX33I]





4R9B?T7\SX.8TT&O1,.VKN5$+-D87H\\Q\K+XF



/R#AH^4QI&W1

T2H(








M;+O/Y$]\)E/\1._!S\8*=


ZKTBY$
M'[6$P#ELMJ)LEK)D)\=S7M0CO(\+VQ/ETV[^+N:=#K]_(8^W`'5*;#%L//:P


M'.
4&3@#J65+(XNHX\FY[ZI3ZWQ%)N`\(SO#=$]&59UQ9&EQAC=97A4:?@@^

M

M=UF?O3PL_Q/0M9X9Q-B@
L*4


M()4;31!

_C+5##2%B0

M::JZLO594

&IP;9BBK1NZ8

G1-`E4T4%O8
MMBJ.WZ&SJ'47M-S:



$J:9



M4#T6U!D


M1$TIUDKG:T*9GK72.D\!O\KRBVS_6&[VR3(







MATD]SYWNO:#!
.T+%3KCO

[
D*VKWZI*UL5%MA[M07]U.SDUIY/3XKD9W3
M^R:K%,9?M!IX*.^O@W[9^.]W^&92AMACW`@7;CIE:\`J?VUT0Y^QTSV-9
M*7




*RZPN=
`-SG,<W6$RJKUUV6\]07B6K@_9
M4+[JCJCJ7SKJ
?9`
K%@`!:-PF_.AHV

ZJ%!C:$]J#Q
(QTVH


+XB3K0VO`(V]&-TK^
4



^<I

EY*]]F#+?G_W9ZMF]_H4YG:#E8(V&EY7N3K-CG

!PS&H(@X0W/)O

M(4C)C^WU@S02[$%;T^Y:573P]R!L_`9.F%E4YH+5%'MW):A6R%1D*3C9D&M
M3#K!5-W02L*J?+\*MRTO&^[B1Q!T.9\



A$$20X3=W1_



MTSA]*NQ





VFPEQO+;B'
MM)CEPIA[RL_09!IM0+2/;^QP/[21((:I18+2\X!.#%Q$''#PQ1[^?:NVKB^
M-=%MND)Q)E0!U$@T`V^CS3@5`.IL&N@W`H=%$.D-GG+
CA)!Y)D-1JW3WBJ_

A4

M/O8$\R`-#:*@X+][JY\






MTW()J[881$45
;+\99J6
M4]`=CC=FR<8N![8R'O8NK#Q8J)%6






<R0/^Q/@5?S@Y2)H*
MU87K\YWC?-1W&':LJ3N5K2[=!3JBS*2J2YOZ;`UUU)*'_$+HJQG%

65-7KZ.I<4@NA9$]:(\G+;#/WZ@#^7Z(R`_&WF9\<&

[&!DF%UX`)@;6-LN2
MJL_GP:W`NW
^-&
V'/KZPX?5PX?+FX?[!3I?






!ZJPHW$7D:MZ=SAO`SBE+W*PHL[!O4*9BG*





3R+T];-5G@5@O%N%M^D%6_
;K

&


M[/H20

M4
M




MS:ZS(!VR7S*AYW7+9`:X%_JEO5CQ$M8/D8Z(]@2_=;)87_WNR7QQI^%(NSV4
M$2$OVRA#B/9


)Y04\.







M[(EETQ3QMJ#-A6;AS





ZG2`)YY0XP=A.8];4

=6RF0&U?2&(YR1P(,(.SAU:L;60:;?AZSF<CZ'%'EKL&3Z7]_3T7(074
M?RJB:@I)XL8%?MQ
NV8Q
3H:3ALSET;09Z6_&76N[CXC=_XI3_9;]ODI'Q;
M-C5
P87$MC6BC1;U;7_^#SB2-1GJ;-.%#
K&1P<P/TC'AF;[3S4/SB=4

[58;^H<^&[ZNU8(%0%2YZ_X/:X8

M&#GZ[^9VQ;)[NP*`$



MFA1]&KA])6^HCV)'WK]_8CL=*DFI:3$EPJDQ3[Y#;PX]8O_&W333$=7305
K













MF('


M#=_V3P*LG];39;

M!6/&9[PY'$VF7ANE
E



M55M8ADR^

:#KS7F.H[B\D*6#26+4:HE2TK(NX%30.Q9.^HM
MT9)5K#6JF_L,6#K.NI5RTZR=7W:4!#3%X0]9?V_A)3F@'N]A=JW])MCZC%_:
M3:M17$F])GZ9BT^Z-()I+7Q']!JOA/`A@IP@2KN]!GP'+880Q6B8&4'I)+]




M?14SV`!NO\KR1QSD`0'2T+8XS%1T]Z*_E7!ZI;W:QJ@CAB%L/`-&P/P#Q9

A%_+M@G*B+KZ
G1B&/V
+-(\2;08BZ*A5:`_DJ3
4N_$-F


M2)O0$O/J&1M`/646W@4U?5G$ZP(QQ0(`6T+')!UO`JZ.:A2K+)/*2W*G=,[
MK2495,*+N^RG'J!O!&P;8.IB.KW$8;RZ3FGU_:ZIYH(A*-3$33CNPO7`*^`


M2]+52Q1+D/(9NM&RFA;Q!O[CU[9@6AE):(@=M.`L`]?&:/H.)F)%!0:)5:
M3.21*J6

M`W][HR8N^0MG=I%K\)4Z[C?V51K6-^OS%]^WL5\TVIFYZUH0=HMH`:RW+;
M%X)G

*J;OU9%V&


M3S;H0;1.?PGRF

TI)*P%H;Q'HCWITR=DV`V200_N-0M)U'

#R%8\`:J62MD9+



MCML.\NU-BL%R\

`'
\7U$/L.K52



S2$.6]_=1#4(#IW2;GP8.J
7K(T!E&



I
[
'3&!+AO@=='7XU.Z_%=8&V7N
M=_#B6YT


/AA7%VN4%X7W;I8/(CC+'N'.@QKO=E41*/C#VT
MX^WRKC-#F9P3FC

/R]4#\\B^C`


MB/9:(-8/EF6UQE@C8J?(+R)`_JVI&9^:&5`C)AVI7$WS(AK;8UP(14I=R:-/




N$SCO8)&=$]?J(331:!IB*D

*WE7:;EMX3+Q45RL=54]000AU*UH?M&[Q*R,'
MIX[T*QB]EJ

Y_
`C/RR(.

\V`P?4,U__;#O\!/-/6(7.6L`P(KW2V1`
M7ZM?+`NK[RP)-;\0(W
=_4_J
1^U[$OU:__=GZCLRF=EG/;D:-!]IZX_WEU


;)8`K:9C]_/*6+B
@@07=_@%IWM\@PV?
7E$90Q\!R_`5)F99@@AFUQP

MJ=+T@AF/L@?9M`!GJPWYT\A







MO%5'SKMFU

ML8'2V7NEE1``C1:V9'':72
X)$UZK#
C!STMES*8'12[&HR=Y?#IV[15


GD$.4$GMU%?HX9FT;]L$.4;[@OL`M0-`J68Y:W_D/01%
MD9$OE*3UI[A\1A$+4:


I!$H:-@@[;%!/2\C9@$Q,R=A@1PD#0L
40G:






;QC6
MU8')AX2X3SE\C-O0[!%0=NOC+\]Q^'S)--Q]ED1U`4LK@VQ!%L8-:A/XBKO5

&@Z3CR&5#`[1&%]8EQ!&W#G`164

$S


1U8*T1;XZ:
M]OZ#E986A54;;S#R8X77HS1B(L$%&!8CJ$+5K!%JVA`\3MT4N3^OJ84I1&




)]ECD+WI*Q2I:DO4:8K*=!

M)Z![7]IE+H%IMST@CY2Y:04YO.S5ND+&5V6'^Z3Q_J:XBF;I.XLR\O2`:E






CXJ4;\NCAGG*;4WKTTWI5*+C
MG@UJ!ZR%PDU/TQN4-1VR6+AN#\Z:&DB:D3G5B]F
[SSAH







#N4QQT&^F2?








M+*N;=84AE:
BY0AA2.0`!C
QA3:L.N1@D']FQ::4T%\6!2Z+)D[8G$]:[5Z-

X--0,;Y`;)J'CV?^3@#-3P]/Z.
M?<E9:UPWN'P%3HZ&4V\&S4'SEFPMAK'':83$B<QDW/)\);U[H@Z9WM:#[3M
M3Y2U;7A@W(_[#B:


=UD:82C
M/8'QF&#+:YPV)(%Y2A+8[HKRB&`=I7D-[I'A3%#@F

VGGWIC8N^W+1^+

!V$*:828#V=N43$R0D9


UII:
+QO


MS3UES^SJ954L#Y3%G6;FZLDHFLGHW.[.21]PIGE$P3



ME(NX(DD['-6[KM_&S:HH9+?Y#4Q(*\%Z)A/_FZ`AO,&
1U'-(
M.53CME3







M85R4=D&L#]#@J`H3&WQ


-E'Q$+'*0H0R[7]
MCT\D_9MFR#':%_PH$O$`Z^84LURGIM[%'XMBHQF_)'6G^+R&47,C*$M8]:


)GXM

X@H[


S3*TP(^][HVT_'8J4


M1808L^I0\WC=YX)PW@^OU6[W^7Y





M71&A^7]9CAHZ[!F1$^L$]8*

XL8*6U7_@`J(G879EQ(^]I5N4W#.((![?+

S3N?:8_3YH_.Z)[YY=)'
6


MK1['=MPGN_([G.)/07)A43_6F;YG:^0R(:)G?S!&%1G4I7/J)A6H(H4N!'5/









:65%8/

M0G93XNS0_8M+QK

?MVZTV_DEOWSJN!Z;_W!YO`&J/Y3QJ







M_FM?E$SK/V3+*(JIP0J2VR`F:O$\V
IYOJ'J+[P[;&0S]^B0Z$`V2-H?)P
MX-VB%$N#V5&P2!3FD^/[\!E'^P2O-V9GTD95X<1]V5G7:?BE%MK.M3I/#YC
M[M):H
?#R9\E%12]V;%!O*&T:D


M70#$L2T155'KA




M30B0R_Z#U(.\'



IE

`ET^N














MI&`=($-T'8]G)P7:^$*



M-OE(61X_Q6F0D
U'%76-IH+FZN;9@NNNDPP





SLN5Z*EYLN@DXB3NYWC!/&?%NJ.K79!OY-_$#L!%K

M!%R
--%((1@3-01`2Y_A%&_B
`Z25D*N
LKY';8T@;QJ&/\40HDC\K1?O8
M].]*RH93`'ALX@LZD$



%ZOTIJ`6ZOCX'%
FQ0=/=LU5Q6AZ[09_B


MN(R?GNMLVHY:NB7`XJ+(\@

MT`G0




8Z*


M7=+$V\_$.2DLRX$[?L*K0^$\+:?\6VN8UO&H:*&:&+4$.'#W$**:(ARW







)@=1X7!K!R5D^M'$&)3SC@[BF5C
M`1E(X

T%NPZ
M%J!*L`!Y);;8A%N4Q@_HB1&.J=$1

M!LCO+T&RIU6EV*)SHE=97G_%RMIK2'DU]UJ8IRS%.E`QYUWJS0---JY[P;'X
MCNB(D'!AK\6?IL9^F@J=N]&WAM?1!R]ZI





U4TUM?W,T3A'[(\+U/D4?T.C^S'$OX:./[=`S?<0^^BW5S69
_P





[?4F?S.CT`W%X8X_M_)G\B]T@W!P9#1.+X.V$QI!#

@Z3^1!RX94LYX^N*7DNR'OX6UW27;`N%BFT4V6-O^T








M)M1I-(*/`9;MU@N
PTGFJ;3

MOAC)%O9]GA7&^3;.]'WM(@=
B%B?5*4A.#'$J2VJ6E35?]\^4I*H2W.!&%40
M^3LC3DE;KZXJXD1^(OVV1%WPV:I*+P0%;U#-3-@A[=VJCR4ZRBWZ0+D!HD!N





N7E
]!21VXDO`\;?0IC\L2I]4K91@]'MA1-[NA1WV]

MC!)(/IRIY



7P4S[\:
+AVYM:P_%WI+
S_FZH=M=%F-!Z
%;DD:Q*OEQM,@?[Z8DT
@<(

MZQBT)QR?81#*XX2K\@98PJ4[@Z$\QN--`


M&A'U(BT:!LQ]





M\H=2!XJ88T9^YFE$;IKPN+-O77@*198%!RIYV'+PX'2XD'^














M^1D6V4C)82\H;F!EJ8P%55^5RE1*!ZB5/S]N_Y+E2?0ICHB1#!\^96;7O-6=




(S_\


M\C/YSV-08/*'_Q]02P

M+3(P
34P-S
Q7W!R92YX;6Q55`D``YI@1E::8$96=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``

VEN_W6W7_A[[9KYMT+/?
)%
[NR7;4H]V9$DKJ3O3^T5%4Y#



M!A\D



R*:Z'=(:HV&%I



M453F*Z6O`R\1^BTA7^V]T:-0Z^_(T[E$_/S]WIEW%_-O@X&O0'C]W1O/OX

?!<8L[J?L<=#KS@J

.K-QOW'



MW\GN0%?A


MR:MS-!U_Z0[G@\-\%!BPO\C9HHSXLS.H.#*/)H8)&;4H;H3\T5J2F33N$)


O




MBL@6EEI#AF089P





MPH)'@@0[_H`(^+=_H)V0!Q=M%YWZ

ML[BOX[1?0CA
=P=&ZA-
L4[1-L344DGCI))(+/Q
DL6'.C)#@NC`FWL0WGP.
M_83

;/MR8#7NYZ'N1Z_A?D(/)T^.)7.8X

*`7Y#O
M_R

M8?)_OO'D'V#




-5WTO(./PR)R%D2<Q
M,.B0%[8Q%$?5C2(RE_LGO@(,9GL@VX/FU%ZL`!DBK@WB'8&Y0J1Y9GT6P$@Q
MO'\$IXL?K=E+TW
138&^A_JY/SF^-0MH1L_.ACOR*OGL^
GK.N7%CV0U4/*


MHZW






D&:\ICDU.3\%1


1%T(SGTL6=


7A`JKO






%]=84S3F6IQ.Z,`SA1BF--'3,UX
M16DFAU4A`\X@8IC?Y\`J?!-!W)^.<Q7EB][?^NJ4/3^/8U&X+7$H`Y(
\='




MC3AEGQW\*Z(SDP)-O;^BTSP)&XF!$Z25H#?4CS&SEP?*OG6D51.N(^$OI'
M738%SIQ6@)D
!



M9/.\'AUY2RJH*73[0HZJYNV4!0!*A)WQ0QR2%7WS*=0B=\:V0!.@+DW@



MLX5+
A&-V.).+B4L-Q-Q'+:4%CB*[+;2HC(;S?#;ZF[H4_SWE)WCU1-ZB9^\
M*%T6$XPV7K(1G7$R6N!(M-O*C

Y%DJ%[)-*D2M:5`#
M![+=1A;TYJ


T9-F:=%%45(J#Y1
MZ\L
$J!(

YH?@`[]-.HZ4P![

M

MK8?%?1WS




W(Z)SJ7K)XV#O1X9YKMKB'U64:81[GF+^`



$IJW$SL!ZX:G3KRX





#1B
4U-WETLN&3?7N@V`?ER[EJY`..!5N01[+(!E3
M&A72*9IRC(T=+T#+0R4U*9_9!



M\\V%6?JLB\F4K%.M_



(S7)V3(I+S/L?J!3CMYFDV&A
M/DJ-92F:9:R-]_E(:QYG+TTVR[$]+:];840#$SHT+7T/E#;V.&5)R(HPC5





-^0WJ.DA$!RKSISK!N5J;Z'R9YE-HB;BH;


E*/GJ##
MT`E

MI6C=3HQL324/BA=)'J]0X7W0EF+1QMM/5?0JEW4OZ@O'V=I4O?*CKU2@66



/D[&P\'CH#=K7:J+

M56F+\%L9F+'J*Z0//74Y]B\A_ZHG]S?'H8J
N!$CUP:=LB8J*[I`BRD+
M);D#)&B*W)\QB@`=0F0T@(7O2W?15
T(5;3
5E1+0J.Q%OG47/)0*N?UMH
MI8O`0-=N





M#=49+:&$KN5;A-\*D
NMJN#ENU@5E;.X.:),@V
M]!CZ/G+)L=,G\W+TD53EL$XGT5T]=FLBPZ\R(69_?OH
)Q+GSD(R%0EFY.9
?[Z4,+2!(^MT;^TE):D0WF:$/9PFX6D_9H(^
_32?&G4.X8J35
M(W!H1$D)TH5J+%H*JA]V.O.H.X]4D\?!*0?D+K]#Q[@;=)-E/*#'_B[%*%

J;U);E

PEAE-+.\DC


M3&[RY
:_'`=3Y88D\M]FIWB4Q^1`BG\8J#8)O$!35?-QM#/7/TW7)Z&J&@


MA?7EH7AGP/N\NAB4@M@T:UXOB

W-@\5[$F
M?%7?!+8(%LBV6^%

MQ5A
'=(^R/9

@!455L#[(BD

M'M$^.$:1=_O6P.DS2['P!




P9U)YRT2`H^;O



4D/


'H8J<RI[O&*$WURME-KQM!%R_0V$#9
M@S=6O=20=O
X0.[6QVH&55.`

M!9W/7V














MNS5POC?=?8\+HAF^W[T$AUMY8JE\
^`T;P46V


MZOT0G#D^BO95.$=((4$5JSUT


M%:J=ZF




M\MW$:3

M))WG-+CZN[)]?4Z^J;^E'ZB@@XXJWLUS


`&$`G/.(R60FK$=GX+[2AP=-7-E:



MZ0L*2\T%

M[E;(:@:52H@SIZ*)/PW8LAMC/\0OR
%.X*+C8




X8&=/]4W6\O(B1-
4(ZW
M*//W*^SYSI&M
Y.TE=8I<9^O%CK\77K%14J
+(!][

MG%U/[





M]EDT!



Z+:3_$!YV[CFD($ZLAL\?P7PH#W7E/@Y

MT3;`$VZ6;#8.WA'!/E4FZ[HNU8.0S782^EZ:UC/UCKMY0MCK@2AD?^43`=0G




M`]0


2SH_%857]:&`B]L=6)KMX:O[#G(=:\1@D78R^*O0W5M7V*
MTKQAYY8EZG5#WA##6^:LH$!V=U]SP;]6=0Y3LAM6B\%6E:1.F-M'HHD::

M#D79KS!*WTH22F!EEX1G'$9+(9EBMLE0B

ZS!&]M2

MK&98(;J^'WZE

M]/K@^!1!E`;LH2@:K_J(C-7Q_=T@B!(Z





MV'B+58$4-


D6L[OR_FH
MM3M-FM*(EN4)$C1\O@2=GN[&,L6VN=&1MY[3V&)]/QY\%L
![UQ]/!Z''\



)GVO?5J0'=AO68JTNL/(W7!OR5TUEW:'$)@-^(R


M[`$JJ$U\IXXW+M
3T(C[&6=2SJXEQS:2/(!:/=7QSJ8/T=+;6V^U0BY5J)_)
M]#FJQ[3
P`@;_KQ%E&U0+#FV+-*]UF[6UY)L-.JY7N':.0WBL2
CTO/I([
M


-I%3
M.3FX@F+

4$S

MD5?O*B576'.9'\2%2R24P(\^8[R_0E59B1


FUI[E/L@?.?2=5.=#8([G9TV03(

-:R98VPP
M\L%;M-.4*(#L!5Z
:/FWY8#P(%A3-_5


MB(%
NL=S::`RQ*NP29FQ)RCUWJ8OH



M)GANA6F/0N?F7!/+%02
X=;;S'.P-
^2EW\A-YZ'8]Q](X)*P?5#?+Y

M[;X@7:8OF

L@5#--.XUBV34HMRA?-('W
A1L[9[#&5&DPJV[H!
NCA'[$
M81(L
XRBBQZ/!N@QRN


M/[$3+!3MNC9J,;4$JJTX'3_]W\A48.ABEECR]/BL]L#^0/K;EV.2.O3I&H




D5=SRB2S1VTHXQF:W$%4S?#;3



-O
MQ
L\?V3

ML=OR(=0\[?C%+)`[A_J#DC0&+_;*98O22S)#T
!E21-A$Y;$M!PF+9))=BR$





1&:G[\]0GJ%(`LK4TD\CH


L']'1'
M3\-Q=W06WE






M3I#+LOZZ*[OBG
JSGHW0TK`'*9K\@^7/)7G/Z
NNP*;RS.=`A(YX*'K9RQ]A






MFQ22!=V!#


MX[

=@F8C





=YM
0G4XAJLN]$&#8;%-F)(K<3UR$EE&?3&EN$NCL*1%




&;H
&
M$



MST/?N








7Q+#;I5





M4Z+RY40!$'@2:3-


M?`PWFS!(AY4EFNPF\6N(Z5XB=
#A4@%Y/BI/

M[P03A%/4:BSG40.[1AI@O09,5N/+3*0SRNKL]3W^4MACTICR_R(IAE6HM\
M8_(XB)V`1LKH

][OZ(ER*.0?QJJG@A
M'8+6-;O8B)'4VV\\/:'I&RF;++4MV%`_AE)XCF$=$W%PF?V)N;#$B]V7L!




M^&P1#53($G/66/N

J]J=
MAX+T&!(*J%`9?7V/&(.Q^#@HVS


7D=0$3$5;31
?
WP_Q3B'J&O









9I
J1`C+![@38




=%:18H
M&F1!]971#
6QG_:M=$N[U5B`36!U71QEYKN\^NCG;.4$:$T]L1JQ:CXZ7C`
MHV@0N'ZRI

Z
UMF:K#
M8B=]VDTO70T*@D,.20`NK+H

MK)3A


/CP98DR#@D3)3P?
R5L)6J0LGLSWPDU?('26&VNB.
MV\0




M`$O\70T?I=LTFP`JN:.4.VK
/(&H]YZ[+[CH$4FFA02BB;.C4BW=@(5T4$D=
[YE#14R$/%(%AV['$JT7(3.4!A3$<*LVIO6]K9*?77.13;C=:96N(V%WH_
M*V]?1B3..EITK')N

$
??H.$U%6DQ%)AI*?2PZLJQ@E*A
MC,V8&APVJSKGZ:G_]%YTK%*.J?!;@,28DLRDY?L/(M/Q98/WC+505N6I
M42\ZL'HQ#39JHK*TE%NE%
4)SA`RWZ('VELLI_I[WD
E5
^
M?1Q;%KETGKOMYF4OVDV-I#-`J5&&\B&VDV-IM5FQM`]FLL1T@6QM(%L3
M`MG^CAP_?NTMDZR0Q&.(MR%.?Q3[3<OH[`YO4QB]17M-3\N\A(<KQ[)6#U:



OE@7F&9*
/#I+T[
P
M'\:I3^T3
%J64GF!8`








MJ



MX




0EM4C!B'Y6
2
MEN[X[FXPO^N-YK

[&M1\939GW+
M'ICPF


1@!$3YFK?S2P_ZOZ(_?@
C%H.#I^(LZG#?1L@PI<4)E!K]Q_9TG
M]3?LJ;


ZV#$1Z6^TIWV;@9SW\L:
MJZ/&*AV\V$=JNPQT&+4

M8F_Y

MW?2F@P=U/GCH@551KP?#P?Q+XQ0[



@18.S^^L9N.:@


MPU


=ICA(:;N'&9XM'&1Q=:<V/C\LM5A\

MC^P%U\UBCMAQK'AT(X%;9@'N&XS(O@`
L5PJ'!QIWA#;
_`&0L%=!#&'N!P+

Y?FCQ#]\&]X1#L

MN

MBD*22X:C(46HZ-;2-QR*+4Z





M/(A7S0-1'
GA1H[DT+%IX1PB'!HID)-/\7CS+.6C4E`O

]

MK\.%75``DEBVJYCHQ81I-^WY=QH.+4U4D\'_VN%?W^J-4Y;UUTWCT[NM^P

MN)
OJRT(6_[=:BB;!NP:PZ+-+*%_YS2C.P6Q
+M2/*N/^O=:BF;$NDNQ6+


\8^9JX-(-#WW.%!)0?3YS;8\[

M]9Q;RV'NR#*[8MR*RI-2'A5@8\%73^P=)L(2PE!4!M]9=

MN=





4^
T%S_+?FLD?FBDVW

2


MM!$U

KW=TLXBE
M1Q//8ZW6K0U$




M.B0+[I19-C1\8
I6+IVD0K:B(!)\*.5-=
J#&&&M3OJ63]P=&KV[-VVJ68\4

MKXC)_O*W@ICZ-8$QC^?T#KO.D2F+
DS5Z?#YK4[:Z


MEN*JD+1BC4WO65L3

M@\$^IA[\X5O^CN$1FM_?^3,,O1@R,=J2)
50M1+%

M%E$

L!KC&XV6?ZM0FAK$;

3ZG=.Q+:&!54:Q*

M;+;U7X/:SU3J8AWS^[@H_B$.^[LLQ1Y%AV]@\#U+/N'HG_]UZ)6%66HQ


MQM)TDBH.G$
&'ZJ3$0*G$51H
+VEIDD=8O-9-*)1X-2@APP-.0S.I:R05$@_


M&C^E)GTBQ@T
D3'!CN!^35\*








*?+'NX2B4Q-(_K/#[YZ#RU_O%VRDM\L.+

.-1O


M594[O'4=C:S
%7+&;05*AO_G9]][L%=N2)Z123(J6\

(.F


Q#+)





M`2FK4
MCG[9A\=V2UTP79A?W%XHR5

MWQ*=M
#+LUVZ[&9D2B2)GQ01=P';OX)D;4=;TPV!G_\!4$L!`AX#%`````@`

C`Q-3`W
M

M1X

C`Q-3`W
S%?


4`````W
MB6U'&
%J64GF!8``(8!`0`1`!@```````$```D@5`@`@!N;G)X+3(P
34P
M-S

 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=us-gaap_AmericasMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=nnrx_NorthAsiaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_CN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=us-gaap_MiddleEastMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=nnrx_SouthAsiaPacificMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=us-gaap_EuropeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_OfficeEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; margin-top: 3pt; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<table align=center style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 80%; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisValuationTechniquesTableTextBlock'
<div style=text-align: left; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_ConvertibleNotesPayableAndLoanPayableAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleDebtTableTextBlock'
<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<table align=center style=width: 100%; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-style: italic; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromExternalCustomersByGeographicAreasTableTextBlock'
<div style=text-align: left; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-style: italic; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff;

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size:

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family:
 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_ScheduleOfEquipmentNetByGeographicAreasTableTextBlock'
<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-style: italic; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px;

 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomersByProductsAndServicesTextBlock'
<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-style: italic; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<td style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff;

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_OrganizationAndBasisOfPresentationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_NumberOfCountriesInWhichEntitySoldProducts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_AgreementAxis=nnrx_ShareExchangeAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_OrganizationAndBasisOfPresentationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPercentageOfVotingInterestsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionEquityInterestsIssuedOrIssuableNumberOfSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_PercentageOfPerpetualRoyaltyOnGrossGlobalSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_BusinessCombinationByTypeAxis=nnrx_ReverseAcquisitionAndRecapitalizationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_OrganizationAndBasisOfPresentationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_CommonStockSharesCancelled'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_NumberOfSharesIssuedForExchange'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_BusinessCombinationByTypeAxis=nnrx_ReverseAcquisitionAndRecapitalizationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_OrganizationAndBasisOfPresentationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_NumberOfSharesReceivedInExchange'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<div style=text-align: left; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; margin-top: 10pt; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterials'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryValuationReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_AgreementAxis=nnrx_LicenseAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_AdvancesOnRoyaltiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_NumberOfSellingUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_AgreementAxis=nnrx_LicenseAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_AdvancesOnRoyaltiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_RoyaltyFeesPerBox'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationsRecurringBasisLiabilityValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_AmountOfInitialTranche'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_ProceedsReceivedFromInitialTranche'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_InitialAmountOfTrancheUtilizedForLegalAndOtherExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_OriginalInterestDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleThresholdPercentageOfStockPriceTrigger'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleThresholdConsecutiveTradingDays'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_NumberOfRemainingTranches'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_AmountOfRemainingTranche'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_PrincipalAmountOfRemainingTranche'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_InterestAmountOfRemainingTranche'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_FaceAmountOfNewlyIssuedPromissoryNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_NumberOfPromissoryNotesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_NumberOfWarrantsIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_ValueOfSharesIssuedForWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_AmountOfWarrantsInitiallyIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_AmountOfWarrantsIssuedThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleBeneficialConversionFeature'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationsRecurringBasisLiabilityValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_RentDepositNonCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_WarrantLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableRelatedPartiesClassifiedCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCreditsAndOtherLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleLongTermNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermLoansPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=nnrx_NotesPayablesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_DebtInstrumentImputedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalNotePayableSettled'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueMerger'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesMerger'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueForCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesForCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForPrepaidServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForPrepaidServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueForCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesForCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockGrantedDuringPeriodValueSharebasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_AdjustmentToAdditionalPaidInCapitalRelatedPartyDebtSettlement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueAcquisitions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesAcquisitions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValuePurchaseOfAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesPurchaseOfAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueForConversionOfConvertibleNotePrincipal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesForConversionOfConvertibleNotePrincipal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_AdjustmentToAdditionalPaidInCapitalGainLossOnDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationsRecurringBasisLiabilityValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisLiabilityPurchasesSalesIssuancesSettlements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisLiabilityGainLossIncludedInEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisLiabilityIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationsRecurringBasisLiabilityValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=nnrx_HealthEducationCorporationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_CommitmentsContingenciesAndLegalMattersLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyDamagesSoughtValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyDamagesAwardedValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_ProductLiabilityContingencyDepositClaimsByThirdParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=nnrx_HealthEducationCorporationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_CommitmentsContingenciesAndLegalMattersLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=nnrx_HealthEducationCorporationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_CommitmentsContingenciesAndLegalMattersLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyDamagesPaidValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityPeriodicPaymentPrincipal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityPeriodicPaymentInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_LineOfCreditFacilityAmountDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=nnrx_NhkLaboratoriesIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_CommitmentsContingenciesAndLegalMattersLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyDamagesSoughtValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=nnrx_ZionsBankMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_CommitmentsContingenciesAndLegalMattersLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyDamagesSoughtValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_LossContingencyUnrecoveredFunds'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyDamagesPaidValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_NumberOfGeographicRegions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_NumberOfCustomer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfSalesPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy'
<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<div style=text-align: left; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div
 style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'
<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=text-align: left; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsGoodwillPolicy'
<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy'
<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationRelatedCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_SignificantConcentrationsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_SalesTaxCollectedFromCustomersPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_GoingConcernPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_CurrentIncomeTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<table align=center style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 80%; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size:

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfOperations'
<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_ConvertibleNotesPayableAndLoanPayableAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_ConvertibleNotesPayableAndLoanPayableTextBlock'
<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; margin-top: 3pt; text-indent: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; margin-top: 3pt; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<table style=width: 100%; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-style: italic; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<table style=width: 100%; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: symbol
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: symbol
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: symbol
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: symbol
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: symbol
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: symbol
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketingAndAdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfessionalFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalariesWagesAndOfficersCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_LossOnLitigationSettlement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDerivativeInstrumentsNetPretax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesOfLessorDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

 times
The remaining two leases were terminated in September 2013 and October 2013. Pursuant to the sublease agreements, the monthly rent received for the&#160;<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
totaled $0 and&#160;<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<table align=center style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 95%; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size:

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvanceRoyaltiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_AdvancesOnRoyaltiesTextBlock'
<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_ScheduleOfUsefulLivesOfPropertyAndEquipmentTableTextBlock'
<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesAndFairValueTextBlock'
<div style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<font style=font-family: symbol

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: symbol

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: symbol

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<table style=width: 100%; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<table align=center style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 95%; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<td style=text-align: left;

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_RelatedPartyNotesPayableAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_RelatedPartyNotesPayableTextBlock'
<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_LinesOfCreditAndLoanPayableAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_LinesOfCreditAndLoanPayableTextBlock'
<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<table align=center style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; width: 95%; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size:

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px;

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=nnrx_ProductSalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=nnrx_NutritionalBloodAnalysisServicesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=us-gaap_ManagementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=nnrx_KBMWorldwideIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=nnrx_TypenexCoInvestmentLlcMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=nnrx_EvolutionCapitalPartnersLlcMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_PercentageOfClosingBidPriceCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_CommonStockReturnedForCancellation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=us-gaap_AmericasMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=nnrx_NorthAsiaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_CN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=us-gaap_MiddleEastMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=nnrx_SouthAsiaPacificMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=us-gaap_EuropeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCreditsAndOtherLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_CashBalancesInExcessOfFederallyInsuredLimits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsMethodUsed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_PercentageOfReturnOnSaleDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_FederallyInsuredLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_NumberOfCustomer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=nnrx_VendorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_NumberOfVendor'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_NumberOfDaysUnpaidAccruedInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleThresholdPercentageOfStockPriceTrigger'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAnnualPrincipalPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleBeneficialConversionFeature'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_NumberOfDaysUnpaidAccruedInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleThresholdPercentageOfStockPriceTrigger'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAnnualPrincipalPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleBeneficialConversionFeature'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color:

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; margin-top: 10pt; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
eceived a convertible note in the aggregate principal amount of $299,382 in satisfaction of his accrued salary and stock payables.&#160;<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align:
 justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<table align=center style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 80%; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleLongTermNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_DiscountOnNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleLongTermNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfDebtDiscountPremium'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_ShortTermLoanIssuedForProfessionalFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDeferredRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromConvertibleDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_CashPaidDuringPeriodForAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_NonCashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDebtDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_GainLossOnDerivativeFeature'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_StockIssuedForAcquisitionOfNutribrand'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_StockIssuedForAcquisitionOfAes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_StockIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_StockIssuedForIntangibleAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; margin-top: 3pt; text-indent: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; margin-top: 3pt; text-indent: 0px; font: bold 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; margin-top: 3pt; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; margin-top: 3pt; text-indent: 0px; font: bold 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; margin-top: 3pt; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; margin-top: 3pt; text-indent: 0px; font: bold 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; margin-top: 3pt; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; margin-top: 3pt; text-indent: 0px; font: bold 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; margin-top: 3pt; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; margin-top: 3pt; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; margin-top: 3pt; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; margin-top: 3pt; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; margin-top: 3pt; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_StockTransactionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_MaximumIssuedAmountOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_TermOfAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_PutNoticeDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_NumberOfLowestDailyVolumeWeightedAveragePrices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_NumberOfTradingDay'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_MinimumPercentageOfCommonStockSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_EquityPurchaseAgreementCondition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_AgreementAxis=nnrx_EquityPurchaseAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_StockTransactionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_MinimumPercentageOfCommonStockSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_LinesOfCreditAndLoanPayableAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nnrx_LoanPayableTableTextBlock'
<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<table align=center style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; background-color: #ffffff; text-indent: 0px; width: 80%; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGrossAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAllowanceForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=text-align: left; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-style: italic; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff;

 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<td style=text-align:

 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-style: italic; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; margin-top: 10pt; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-style: italic; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

