

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001511164-18-000246
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		54
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20171231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20180417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20180417
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NUTRAFUELS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001563463
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	DAIRY PRODUCTS [2020]
		IRS NUMBER:				461482900
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55144
		FILM NUMBER:		18758385
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6601 LYONS ROAD
		CITY:			L 6 COCONUT CREEK
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33073
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888 509 8901
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6601 LYONS ROAD
		CITY:			L 6 COCONUT CREEK
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33073
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NUTRAFUELS
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20121203

















 D.C. 20549





For the fiscal year ended December 31
 2017







NutraFuels
 Inc.


















6601 Lyons Road
 Suite L-6
Coconut Creek
 FL 33073


 including zip code
 and telephone number
 including area code






Title of each class registered:


Name of each exchange on which registered:








Common Stock
 $.0001 par value



 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes




 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.









 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&#167;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.



 and will not be contained
 to the best of the registrant&#146;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.



 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller reporting company
 or emerging growth company. See the definitions of &#147;large accelerated filer
&#148; &#147;accelerated filer
&#147;smaller reporting company
&#148; and &quot;emerging growth company&quot; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

































 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. &nbsp;




 2017 and April 16
 2018
 we had 80
798
561 and 84
467
 730 shares
 respectively
 of our common stock outstanding.




































Item 5. Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters




















Item 10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance








Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence








Item 15. Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules















 as amended (the &#147;Securities Act&#148;)
 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#147;Exchange Act&#148;). Forward-looking statements discuss matters that are not historical facts. Because they discuss future events or conditions
 forward-looking statements may include words such as &#147;anticipate
&#148; &#147;believe
&#148; &#147;estimate
&#148; &#147;intend
&#148; &#147;could
&#148; &#147;should
&#148; &#147;would
&#148; &#147;may
&#148; &#147;seek
&#148; &#147;plan
&#148; &#147;might
&#148; &#147;will
&#148; &#147;expect
&#148; &#147;predict
&#148; &#147;project
&#148; &#147;forecast
&#148; &#147;potential
&#148; and &#147;continue&#148; negatives thereof or similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are found in various places throughout this Report and include information concerning possible or assumed future results of our operations; business strategies; future cash flows; financing plans; plans and objectives of management; any other statements regarding future operations
 future cash needs
 business plans and future financial results
 and any other statements that are not historical facts.


 forward-looking statements also are included in our other periodic reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K
 in our press releases
 in our presentations
 on our website and in other materials released to the public.&nbsp;&nbsp;Any or all of the forward-looking statements included in this Report and in any other reports or public statements made by us are not guarantees of future performance and may turn out to be inaccurate. These forward-looking statements represent our intentions
 plans
 expectations
 assumptions and beliefs about future events and are subject to risks
 uncertainties and other factors.&nbsp;&nbsp;Many of those factors are outside of our control and could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied by those forward-looking statements. In light of these risks
 uncertainties and assumptions
 the events described in the forward-looking statements might not occur or might occur to a different extent or at a different time than we have described. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which speak only as of the date of this Report. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements concerning other matters addressed in this Report and attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this Report.


 we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements
 whether as a result of new information
 future events
 a change in events
 conditions
 circumstances or assumptions underlying such statements
 or otherwise.













 Inc
 a Florida corporation (&#147;us&#148;
 &#147;we&#148; or &#147;our&#148;) was formed as a limited liability company in the state of Florida on April 1
 2010
oil products and nutritional and dietary oral spray products. On December 3
 2012
 we converted from a Limited Liability Company to a Florida Corporation.




 Inc.&nbsp;

 L6






Bankruptcy
 Receivership or Similar Proceedings


 we have not been involved in a reclassification
 merger
 consolidation
 or purchase or sale of a significant amount of assets not in the ordinary course of business.




 2010
 to engage in the development and distribution of nutritional and dietary oral spray products. On December 3
 2012
 we converted from a limited liability company to a Florida Corporation.


 Coconut Creek
 Florida 33073
 and our telephone number is 888-509-8901. Our website is located at www.nutrafuels.com. 




 we have engaged in the development
 manufacturing
 and distribution of nutritional and dietary products. In March of 2017
 we completed development of CBD products and commenced the distribution of these products. Our distribution strategy includes selling to private label retailers
 distributors
 and consumers through retail outlets. &nbsp;We had sales of $1
790
168 and $225
293 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 or a six hundred ninety-four point six percent (694.6%) increase. This increase resulted from our sale of CBD products and greater acceptance of our nutritional and dietary products in the marketplace
 which led to greater sales.



 our Chief Executive Officer
 President
 and Sole Director
 with the assistance of chemists
 which we employ. &nbsp;








 in the future
 will continue to be identified by Mr. Ward based upon suggestions from our customers
 and from industry and market research he conducts on an ongoing basis. We do not employ medical professionals and our management does not have experience in the healthcare industry or in the treatment of disease. Our products have not been confirmed in any respect by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration or any other governmental agency
 and may not produce the results intended.


 our products are manufactured at our facility in Coconut Creek
 Florida. We obtain all raw materials and ingredients for our products from third party suppliers. For all orders we receive
 we manufacture
 package
 label and ship the product to the customer. Our products are primarily sold to private label distributors who sell the products we manufacture under their own brand names. &nbsp;We do not enter into long term contracts with our private label distributors and all sales are made by purchase order. Our private label distributors are not obligated to order any amount of products from us and can discontinue purchasing our product at any time.








 GABA
 and Valerian Root. Our Sleep Spray is designed to support a healthy sleep cycle and improve the quality of restful sleep. The retail price of our Sleep Spray is $9.95 per .25 (&#188;) ounce.




 B12. Energize Spray is designed to increase energy and restore vigor and vitality. The retail price of our Energize Spray is $9.95 per .25 (&#188;) ounce.








 a natural anti-inflammatory. Our Headache and Pain Spray is designed to relieve headaches and pain. The retail price of our Headache and Pain Spray is $9.95 per .25 (&#188;) ounce.

Spa Treatment Hair
 Skin &amp; Nails Spray


 Skin and Nails Spray contains Biotin
 MSM
 and Collagen. Our Hair
 Skin and Nails Spray is designed to nourish and encourage hair
 skin and nail growth. The retail price of our Hair
 Skin and Nails Spray is $9.95 per .25 (&#188;) ounce.




 we completed development of our CBD 








 which contain a tetrahydrocannabinol concentration (&#147;THC&#148;) that does not exceed 0.3 percent on a dry-weight basis.&quot; Under 21 U.S.C. &#167; 802(16)
plant
 together with products made from these parts
 are known as &#147;hemp finished products&#148; and are exempted from the definition of cannabis and are legal for manufacture and over-the-counter sale to consumers. 




 2017
 we completed development of our HempGenix product which is available in an oral spray and tincture drops. HempGenix represented seventy percent (70%) of our product sales for during the year ended December 31
 2017. &nbsp;HempGenix contains CBD oil and is designed to:















 2017
 we completed development of our NutraHemp product&nbsp;which is available in an oral spray and tincture drops. NutraHemp contains CBD oil and is designed to:












The cannabinoid-rich oils used in our two Hemp Finished Products are derived from &#148;industrial hemp
. plant
 which contain a concentration of tetrahydrocannabinol (&#147;THC&#148;) that does not exceed 0.3 percent on a dry-weight basis. &nbsp;



 2017
 we completed development of our E-Vape product line which is available as a cartridge to be used with a battery operated vape inhaler. E-Vape contains CBD and is designed to:






















The sale of our Hemp Finished Products is potentially subject to a complex web of federal and state regulations that are evolving at a rapid rate. The formulation
 manufacturing
 packaging
 labeling
 advertising
 and distribution of our products are subject to regulation by one or more federal agencies
 principally the Food and Drug Administration (&#147;FDA&#148;)
 the Federal Trade Commission (&quot;FTC&quot;)
 and
 to a lesser extent
 the Consumer Product Safety Commission (&quot;CPSC&quot;)
 the United States Department of Agriculture (&#147;USDA&#148;)
 Drug Enforcement Agency (&#147;DEA&#148;) and the Environmental Protection Agency (&#147;EPA&#148;). Our activities are also regulated by various governmental agencies for the states and localities in which our products are sold
 as well as by governmental agencies in certain countries outside the United States in which our products are sold. These agencies can change their rules at any time. Should we become subject to FDA
 DEA or other enforcement proceedings we would have to cease operations.



The FDA under the Federal Food
 Drug
 and Cosmetic Act regulates the formulation
 manufacturing
 packaging
 labeling
 distribution and sale of drugs
 food
 including dietary supplements
supplements
Notwithstanding the preceding statement
has published position statements
 but has not adopted any rules stating
 that products containing&nbsp;THC and CBD are drugs which require FDA approval. To date
Further
 the FDA has established its position that derivatives from cannabis &#150; even if from lawful industrial hemp &#150; are considered an adulterant not appropriate for inclusion in food or dietary supplements.&nbsp;

As a result
 we could be subject to enforcement proceedings by the FDA. We do not believe that FDA enforcement proceedings are likely since our products only contain trace elements of THC and do not cause the &quot;high&quot; associated with the THC in marijuana. Additionally
 Hemp Finished Products like those sold by us are sold by large retailers online including Whole Foods
 Publix
 Wal-Mart and others.&nbsp; Despite the foregoing
 should we become subject to FDA
 DEA or other enforcement proceedings we would have to cease operations.



On December 14
 2016
 the DEA issued a &#147;Final Rule
&#148; effective January 13
 2017
 creating a separate Administration Controlled Substances Code Number for &#147;marihuana extract&#148; under Schedule I
 defining &#147;marihuana extract&#148; as &#147;an extract containing one or more cannabinoids
&#148; and stated that &#147;all extracts that contain CBD will also contain at least small amounts of&nbsp;other cannabinoids.&#148;&nbsp;The Final Rule is currently subject to pending challenge
 before the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals
 where oral argument was given February 15
 2018. This legal challenge is supported by a bipartisan amicus brief
 filed in January 2018
 by at least 28 members of Congress in the above-referenced legal challenge to the Final Rule. A ruling in this legal challenge is expected in late 2018; the outcome of this legal challenge
 if in favor of the DEA
 could cause us to cease the distribution of our industrial hemp products.

In March 2017
 the DEA clarified that: (i) the Final Rule does not include materials or products that are excluded from the definition of marijuana set forth in the Controlled Substances Act (&#147;CSA&#148;)
 (ii) the new drug code includes only those extracts that fall within the CSA definition of marijuana and (iii) if a product consisted solely of parts of the cannabis plant excluded from the CSA definition of marijuana
 such product would not be included in the new drug code (7350) or in the drug code for marijuana (7360).

The Agricultural Act of 2014
 known as the &#147;Farm Bill&#148;
 which provides for the domestic cultivation of &#147;industrial hemp&#148;
 begins with the clause &#147;Notwithstanding the [CSA] . . .&#148; thus indicating that &#147;industrial hemp&#148; is not to be treated as a controlled substance. This interpretation is supported by the Amicus Brief.







Because our Hemp Finished Products are derived from &#147;industrial hemp
&#148; our products are excluded from the CSA definition of &#147;marihuana.&#148; However
 other regulations
 such as those of the FDA
 are applicable to Hemp Finished Products sold as a food
 drug or dietary supplement. The FDA under the Federal Food
 Drug
 and Cosmetic Act
 (&quot;FDCA&quot;)
 regulates the formulation
 manufacturing
 packaging
 labeling
 distribution and sale of food
 drugs
 dietary supplements
has published position statements
 but has not adopted any rules stating
 that products containing&nbsp;THC and CBD are drugs which require FDA approval. Further to date
However
 the FDA has established its position that derivatives from cannabis &#150; even if from lawful industrial hemp &#150; are considered an adulterant not appropriate for inclusion in food or dietary supplements.&nbsp;&nbsp;

In January 2018
 Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced the rescission of the Cole Memo
 memoranda penned by Deputy Attorney General James Cole several years prior
 during the Obama Administration. The Cole Memo had instructed U.S. Attorneys across the U.S. to expend federal resources on both federally and state illicit activity related to marijuana
 as opposed to expending such resources against marijuana-related business activities acting in accordance with state law (though still federally illegal). Essentially
 under the Cole Memo
 so long as acting in compliance with state law
 marijuana-related business activities would not face intervention or prosecution by federal authorities. The new policy implemented by Mr. Sessions now instructs U.S. Attorneys to exercise their own discretion in ascertaining how to expend federal prosecutorial resources. Though concerning rhetoric
 in practice
 Mr. Sessions&#146; policy has led to little practice change in the month since Mr. Sessions&#146; announcement. For example
 in Colorado
 U.S. Attorney Robert Troyer
 Colorado Attorney General Cynthia Coffman and Senator Cory Gardner all quickly announced that little change in enforcement activity would change. Moreover
 for the reasons described above
 we do not believe the Hemp Finished Products to be appropriately treated as a controlled substance
 and thus
 neither the Cole Memo
 nor Mr. Sessions&#146; rescission thereof
 applies to the Hemp Finished Products. However
 if federal enforcement activity does change as to Hemp Finished Products as a result of Mr. Sessions&#146; policy change
 such enforcement activities could cause us to cease operations.



Some states are considering various taxation of marijuana-related products including hemp finished products. These considerations seem to range from routine sales taxes to taxes similar to those imposed on tobacco products. Though
 for the reasons described above
 we do not believe the Hemp Finished Products to be subject to any marijuana-related taxation schemes
 it is unclear whether Hemp Finished Products would fall under these tax plans if and when they are imposed.

IRS section 280(E) prevents cannabis companies from deducting expenses from their income
 except for those considered cost of goods sold. No deduction or credit is allowed for any amount paid or incurred during the taxable year in carrying on any trade or business if such trade or business (or the activities which comprise such trade or business) consists of trafficking in controlled substances (within the meaning of schedule I and II of the Controlled Substances Act) which is prohibited by federal law or the law of any State in which such trade or business is conducted. Though
 for the reasons described above
 we do not believe the Hemp Finished Products to be appropriately treated as a controlled substance
 IRC 280(E) is enforced against the Company relating to deductions concerning its Hemp Finished Products
 such tax treatment could create operating and cash flow problems in the future.










 our products are manufactured at our facility in Coconut Creek
 Florida. We obtain all raw materials and ingredients for our products from third party suppliers. For all orders we receive
 we manufacture
 package
 label and ship the product to the customer. Our products are primarily sold to private label distributors who sell the products we manufacture under their own brand names. We do not enter into long term contracts with our private label distributors and all sales are made by purchase order. Our private label distributors are not obligated to order any amount of products from us and can discontinue purchasing our product at any time. We ship the product ordered within forty-five (45) days to our private label distributors
 thirty (30) days to retail customers and within thirty (30) days to wholesale and third party (non-private label) distributors. All orders are shipped by freight delivery at the cost of the customer. All orders placed by My Daily Choice and our other three (3) private label distributors are by purchase order. We require a deposit of fifty percent (50%) upon an order being placed. The balance must be paid by the purchaser prior to shipping.








 we require:



 publicly available scientific research and references which our Chief Executive Officer reviews with a chemist who assists in developing our final products;






 androstenedione
 aspartame
 steroids
 or human growth hormones; and















 and






 they can return products and request for an exchange. All shipping fees for product exchanges or returns must be paid by the purchaser. Historically
 product returns as a percentage of our net sales have been nominal.










 that creates high quality products for distributors and consumers in the health conscious and athletic markets. We believe that our marketing mix of social media promotions and providing sample products for our private label distributors to use is an optimal strategy to increase sales.


 we launched an advanced website at www.nutrafuels.com
 seeking to tap into the social networking world and to further our product brand
 direct consumer sales
 private label distributor opportunities
 and consumer awareness.




 or intend to use
 to distinguish ourselves from others. All trademark registrations are protected for an initial period of five (5) years and then are renewable after five (5) years
 if still in use
 and every ten (10) years thereafter. We hold the following trade names from the U.S. Patent and Trademark office:&nbsp;&nbsp;





















 2017
 we entered into a strategic alliance agreement with Hall Global LLC (&#147;HG&#148;)
 a Florida limited liability company controlled by Michael Anderson. The agreement has a term of three (3) years and provides that for three (3) years and three (3) months we will manufacture products for HG in exchange for thirty-three point thirty-three percent (33.33%) of the proceeds of such products. Under the terms of the agreement
 payment must be made to us within thirty (30) days after the end of each month. In connection with the agreement
 on April 10
 2017 we issued two hundred and fifty thousand (250
000) shares of our restricted common stock to Michael R. Anderson for services rendered as our Chief Scientific Officer. Additionally
 we agreed to issue two million (2
000
000) shares of our restricted common stock to Mr. Anderson upon certain equipment being placed at our manufacturing facility. The agreement renews annually with additional consideration of one million (1
000
000) of our common shares. Additionally
 we agreed to issue two hundred and fifty thousand (250
000) common shares to Mr. Anderson for our use and distribution of certain technologies including patented Blast Cap and Nutritional drinking straws.






 President and Sole Director
 Edgar Ward who oversees our day to day operations;
















 our Vice President
 works closely with Edgar Ward and provides us with approximately ten (10) hours per month of services. We have no other part-time employees. We hire independent contractors on an as needed basis.






 we believe that we maintain better control over product quality and availability while also reducing production costs. We lease an aggregate of six thousand four hundred (6
400) square feet of office and warehouse space at 6601 Lyons Rd
 Suites L-6&amp;7
 Coconut Creek
 Florida 33073 Approximately five thousand eight hundred (5
800) square feet at this location is used for manufacturing
 storage and distribution of our products.


 2017
 we entered into an agreement to lease nineteen thousand eight hundred and thirty one (19
831) square feet in Deerfield Beach
 FL 33441. We plan to use seventeen thousand eight hundred (17
800) square feet of the new Deerfield Beach location for manufacturing
 storage and distribution of our products. We expect to occupy this location in May 2018. &nbsp;


 (ii) warehousing raw ingredients
 (iii) efficacy testing and measuring ingredients for inclusion in products
 and (iv) blending using automatic equipment. The next step
 bottling and packaging
 involves filling
 capping
 coding
 labeling and placing the product in packaging with appropriate tamper-evident features then sending the packaged product to our customers.


 we retain the services of outside GMP audit firms to assist in our efforts to comply with GMPs.






 we are unable to obtain any of our raw materials from our suppliers; we believe that we could obtain alternative sources of any raw materials from other suppliers. We do not have contracts with our suppliers and we order our raw materials on an as needed basis. We have not experienced any material adverse effects on our business as a result of shortages of raw materials or packaging materials used in the manufacturing of our products. An unexpected interruption or a shortage in supply of raw materials could adversely affect our business derived from these products.






















 minerals
 dietary supplements
 herbs
 botanicals and compounds derived therefrom. Numerous manufacturers and distributors compete with us for customers throughout the United States in the packaged nutritional supplement industry selling products to retailers such as mass merchandisers
 drug store chains
 independent pharmacies and health food stores. We are also vulnerable to competition from companies that can purchase similar products to our products and private label them with their own brand name.


 have more experience than us
 have longer operating histories
 and have materially greater financial and other resources than us.




 however
 it is unlikely that such materials are likely to result in the violation of any existing environmental rules and/or regulations. Further
 we do not own any real property that could lead to liability as a landowner. Therefore
 we do not anticipate that there will be any material costs associated with compliance with environmental laws and regulations.







 including product liability coverage
 and property insurance. Our policy provides for a general liability of five million dollars ($5
000
000) per occurrence
 and five million dollars ($5
000
000) annual aggregate coverage which includes our main corporate facility. We carry property coverage on our main office facility to cover our legal liability
 tenant&#146;s improvements
 business property
 and inventory.




 it will be increasingly important to distinguish &#147;marijuana&#148; certain CBD products (with noted varying degrees of psychotropic effects and deficits in executive function) from Hemp Finished Products.








 manufacturing
 packaging
 labeling
 advertising
 and distribution of our non-hemp based products are subject to regulation by one or more federal agencies
 principally the FDA
 the Federal Trade Commission (&quot;FTC&quot;)
 and
 to a lesser extent
 the Consumer Product Safety Commission (&quot;CPSC&quot;)
 the United States Department of Agriculture (&#147;USDA&#148;)
 and the Environmental Protection Agency (&#147;EPA&#148;). Our activities are also regulated by various governmental agencies for the states and localities in which our products are sold
 as well as by governmental agencies in certain countries outside the United States in which our products are sold. Among other matters
 regulation by the FDA and FTC are concerned with product safety and claims made with respect to a product's ability to provide health-related benefits. Specifically
&nbsp;the FDA
 under the Federal Food
 Drug
 and Cosmetic Act
 (&quot;FDCA&quot;)
 regulates the formulation
 manufacturing
 packaging
 labeling
 distribution and sale of food
 including dietary supplements
 and over-the-counter drugs. &nbsp;The FTC regulates the advertising of these products. The National Advertising Division (&quot;NAD&quot;) of the Council of Better Business Bureaus oversees&nbsp;an industry sponsored
 self-regulatory system that permits competitors to resolve disputes over advertising claims. &nbsp;The NAD has no enforcement authority of its own
 but may refer matters that appear to violate the Federal Trade Commission Act or the FDCA to the FTC or the FDA for further action
 as appropriate.


 primarily the FDA and the FTC
 have a variety of procedures and enforcement remedies available to them including initiating investigations
 issuing warning letters and cease and desist orders
 requiring corrective labeling or advertising
 requiring consumer redress (for example
 requiring that a company offer to repurchase products previously sold to consumers)
 seeking injunctive relief or product seizures
 imposing civil penalties
 or commencing criminal prosecution. In addition
 certain state agencies have similar authority. These federal and state agencies have in the past used these remedies in regulating participants in the food
 dietary supplement and over-the-counter drug industries
 including the imposition of civil penalties in the millions of dollars against a few industry participants.


 amending the FDCA. We believe DSHEA is generally favorable to consumers and to the dietary supplement industry. DSHEA establishes a statutory class of &quot;dietary supplements&#148;
 which includes vitamins
 minerals
 herbs
 amino acids and other dietary ingredients for human use to supplement the diet. Dietary ingredients marketed in the United States before October 15
 1994 may be marketed without the submission of a &quot;new dietary ingredient&quot; (&quot;NDI&quot;) premarket notification to the FDA. Dietary ingredients not marketed in the United States before October 15
 1994 may require the submission
 at least seventy-five (75) days before marketing of an NDI notification containing information establishing that the ingredient is reasonably expected to be safe for its intended use. Among other things
 DSHEA prevents the FDA from regulating dietary ingredients in dietary supplements as &quot;food additives&quot; and allows the use of statements of nutritional support on product labels and in labeling. The FDA has issued final regulations under DSHEA and has issued draft guidance on NDI notification requirements. Further guidance and regulations are expected. Several bills to amend DSHEA in ways that would make this law less favorable to consumers and industry have been proposed in Congress.


 we may need to revise our product labeling. Our non-CBD products are classified as dietary supplements. The FDA has concluded that THC and CBD products are excluded from the definition of a dietary supplement. The FDA issued a Final Rule on GMPs for dietary supplements on June 22
 2007. The GMPs cover manufacturers and holders of finished dietary supplement products
 including dietary supplement products manufactured outside the United States that are imported for sale into the United States. Among other things
 the new GMPs: (a) require identity testing on all incoming dietary ingredients
 call for a &quot;scientifically valid system&quot; for ensuring finished products meet all specifications
 (b) include requirements related to process controls
 including statistical sampling of finished batches for testing and requirements for written procedures
 and (c) require extensive recordkeeping.


 there can be no assurance that our operations or those of our suppliers will be in compliance in all respects at all times. Additionally
 there is a potential risk of increased audits as the FDA and other regulators seek to ensure compliance with the GMP&#146;s.








 2006
 Congress passed the Dietary Supplement and Nonprescription Drug Consumer Protection Act
 which went into effect on December 22
 2007. The law requires
 among other things
 that companies that manufacture or distribute nonprescription drugs or dietary supplements report serious adverse events allegedly associated with their products to the FDA and institute recordkeeping requirements for all adverse events (serious and non-serious). &nbsp;There is a&nbsp;risk that consumers
 the press and government regulators could misinterpret reported serious adverse events as evidence of causation by the ingredient or product complained of
 which could lead to additional regulations
 banned ingredients or products
 increased insurance costs and a potential increase in product liability litigation
 among other things.


 the CPSIA requires testing and certification of certain products and enhances the CPSC's authority to order recalls.


 enacted January 4
 2011
 amended the FDCA to significantly enhance the FDA's authority over various aspects of food regulation. The FSMA granted the FDA mandatory recall authority when the FDA determines if there is reasonable probability that a food is adulterated or misbranded and that the use of
 or exposure to
 the food will cause serious adverse health consequences or death to humans or animals. Other changes include the FDA's expanded access to records; the authority to suspend food facility registrations and require high risk imported food to be accompanied by a certification; stronger authority to administratively detain food; the authority to refuse admission of an imported food if it is from a foreign establishment to which a U.S. inspector is refused entry for an inspection; and the requirement that importers verify that the foods they import meet domestic standards.


 except&nbsp;dietary supplement facilities in compliance with both GMPs and the serious adverse event reporting requirements. Although dietary supplement facilities are exempt from the HARBPC requirements
 dietary ingredient facilities might not qualify for the exemption. The HARBPC requirements
 which the FDA has yet to propose
 are expected to be onerous because facilities will have to develop and implement preventive controls to assure that identified hazards are significantly minimized or prevented
 monitor the effectiveness of the preventive controls and maintain numerous records related to the HARBPC. The HARBPC requirements may increase the costs of dietary ingredients and/or affect our ability to obtain dietary ingredients.


 the FDA published in July 2011
 a draft guidance document clarifying when the FDA believes a dietary ingredient is an NDI
 when a manufacturer or distributor must submit an NDI premarket notification to the FDA
 the evidence necessary to document the safety of an NDI and the methods for establishing the identity of an NDI. The draft guidance
 if implemented as proposed
 could have a material impact on our operations. Although our industry has strongly objected to several aspects of the draft guidance
 it is unclear whether the FDA will make changes to the final guidance. In addition
 it is possible that the FDA will begin taking enforcement actions consistent with the interpretations in the draft guidance before issuing a final version.


 as well as the FDA enforcement of the NDI guidance as written
 could require us to incur additional expenses
 which could be significant
 and negatively impact our business in several ways
 including
 but not limited to
 the detention and refusal of admission of imported products
 the injunction of manufacturing of any dietary ingredients or dietary supplements until the FDA determines that such ingredients or products are in compliance and the potential imposition of fees &nbsp;for &nbsp;re-inspection &nbsp;of &nbsp;noncompliant &nbsp;facilities. Each of these events would increase our liability and could have a material adverse effect on our financial

 results of operations or cash flows.








 and have also coordinated enforcement against dietary supplement claims in other areas
 including children's products. Their efforts to date have focused on manufacturers and marketers as well as media outlets
 and have resulted in a significant number of investigations and enforcement actions
 some resulting in civil penalties of several million dollars under the Federal Trade Commission Act. We expect that the FTC and the FDA will continue to focus on health-related claims for dietary supplements and foods which could cause our non-CBD products to be the subject of an FTC/FDA inquiry.







During the years ended December 31
 2016 and
 December 31
 2017
 we received $936
000
and $1
379
500&nbsp;from the sale of our securities. For the years ended December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2017
 our revenues were $225
293 and $1
790
168
 respectively from the sale of our products. 


000&nbsp;per month or $1
080
000&nbsp;annually which consist of rent
 advertising
 salaries and other general and administrative expenses. Our cash on hand as of the date of this Form 10-K is $104
000 which is sufficient to pay our operating expenses for approximately one (1) month. We do not have any arrangements for future financing. We are dependent on the sale of our securities to help fund our operations. There is no assurance we will be able to obtain future funding for our operations from the sale of our securities. The future issuance of our securities will result in substantial dilution in the percentage of our common stock held by our then existing stockholders
 and would likely have an adverse effect on any trading market for our common stock. Obtaining financing would be subject to a number of factors
 including investor acceptance. These factors may adversely affect the timing
 amount
 terms
 or conditions of any financing that we may obtain or make any additional financing unavailable to us. If we do not obtain additional financing to fund our future operations
 our business could fail and you could lose your investment.

There is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern as a result of our limited operating history and financial resources
 and if we are unable to generate significant revenue or secure financing we may be required to cease or curtail our operations.


 2016 and
 December 31
 2017
 we incurred net losses of $2
098
771 and $23
629
117. As a result
 our auditor has rendered an opinion that we may be unable to continue as a going concern. Our limited operating history and financial resources raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern and our financial statements contain a going concern qualification. Our financial statements do not include adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty and if we are unable to generate significant revenue or secure financing we may be required to cease or curtail our operations.

We have limited historical performance for you to base an investment decision upon
 and we may never become profitable.


 2016 and
 December 31
 2017
 our revenues were $225
293 and $1
790
168. Accordingly
 we have limited historical performance upon which you may evaluate our prospects for achieving our business objectives and becoming profitable in light of our operating losses and the risks
 difficulties and uncertainties frequently encountered by companies with limited operations such as us. Accordingly
 before investing in our common stock
 you should consider the challenges
 expenses and difficulties that we will face as an early stage company
 and whether we will ever become profitable.







If we are unable to generate sufficient revenues for our operating expenses we will need financing
 which we may be unable to obtain; should we fail to obtain sufficient financing
 our potential revenues will be negatively impacted.


 2016 and
 December 31
 2017
 our revenues were $225
293 and $1
790
168 respectively from the sale of our products. For the years ended December 31
 2016 and
 December 31
 2017
 we incurred net losses of $2
098
771 and $23
629
117.


 including revenue data
 our future revenues are unpredictable. 


 2016 and December 31
 2017
 our revenues were $225
293 and $1
790
168
 respectively from the sale of our products. Our operating expenses are presently approximately $90
000&nbsp;per month or $1
080
000&nbsp; annually which consist of rent
 advertising
 salaries and other general and administrative expenses. Our cash on hand as of the date of this Form 10-K is $104
000 which is sufficient to pay our operating expenses for approximately one (1) month. In the future
We intend to raise additional funds from an offering of our stock in the future; however
 this offering may never occur
 or if it occurs
 we may be unable to raise the required funding. Further new offerings of our common shares will dilute our existing shareholders and your investment in our common shares. We do not have any plans or specific agreements for new sources of funding and we have no agreements for financing in place.

Our liabilities could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations
 limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry and prevent us from meeting our obligations under our indebtedness.


 2017
 our total liabilities were $293
607. &nbsp;Our liabilities could have important consequences for our investors
 including: making it more difficult for us to make payments on indebtedness; increasing our vulnerability to general economic and industry conditions; requiring a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on indebtedness when our indebtedness become due. This reduces our ability to use our cash flow to fund our operations
 capital expenditures and future business opportunities; limiting our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to obtain additional financing for working capital
 capital expenditures
 product development
 debt service requirements
 acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes; and limiting our ability to adjust to changing market conditions and placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors which have fewer liabilities. We may incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. If new indebtedness is added to our current debt levels
 the related risks that we face could increase.




 and at that time we were delinquent in meeting our periodic reporting obligations under the federal securities laws. Although we plan to comply with our periodic reporting obligations
 there is no assurance that we will do so in the future because of the complexity of the federal securities laws
 the accounting
 auditing and legal costs of SEC reporting and management time required for such compliance.


 we could be subject to SEC enforcement action that could result in penalties and fines against us. This would harm our financial condition and make it difficult or impossible for you to sell your shares. Further
 should we not comply with the SEC reporting requirements
 there will be limited public information available about us which could make it more difficult for you to sell your shares.









We have been growing rapidly and expect to continue to invest in our growth for the foreseeable future. If we are unable to manage our growth effectively
 our revenue and profits could be adversely affected.
We have experienced rapid growth in a relatively short period of time. Our revenue grew from $225
293 for the year ended December 31
 2016 to $1
790
168 in the year ended December 31
 2017.

We plan to continue to expand our operations
 and we anticipate that further significant expansion which will be required. which will place additional demands on our resources and operations.&nbsp;Our future operating results depend to a large extent on our ability to manage this expansion and growth successfully. Sustaining our growth will place significant demands on our management as well as on our administrative
 operational
 and financial resources. To manage our growth
 we must continue to improve our sales and manage our operational systems. If we are unable to manage our growth successfully
 our revenue and profits could be harmed. Risks that we face in undertaking future expansion include:



 integrating
 training
 and motivating new employees
 including our direct sales force
 while retaining existing private label distributors and effectively executing our new business plan focusing on the sale of CBD products;










 operational
 and financial infrastructure
 systems
 and &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;processes; and



A failure to manage our growth effectively could harm our business
 operating results
 financial condition. Further
 due to our recent rapid growth
 we have limited experience operating at our current scale and potentially at a larger scale
 and as a result
 it may be difficult for us to fully evaluate future prospects and risks. Our recent and historical growth should not be considered indicative of our future performance. We have encountered in the past
 and will encounter in the future
 risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing industries. If our assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties
 which we use to plan and operate our business
 are incorrect or change
 or if we do not address these risks successfully
 our financial condition and operating results could differ materially from our expectations
 our growth rates may slow and our business would by adversely impacted.

Our operating results may fluctuate between periods
 which makes our future results difficult to predict.

Our operating results have fluctuated in the past and may fluctuate in the future. Additionally
 we have a limited operating history and in March of 2017


 which makes it difficult to forecast our future results. As a result
 you should not rely upon our past quarterly operating results as indicators of future performance. You should take into account the risks and uncertainties frequently encountered by companies in rapidly evolving markets. Our operating results in any given quarter can be influenced by numerous factors
 many of which are unpredictable or are outside of our control
 including:

















Our revenues are highly dependent upon three private label distributors
100%
 and 73.6% of our revenues for the years ended December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2017 and should these distributors reduce their orders from us or should we lose these distributors; our revenues and results of operations would be negatively affected which could cause you to lose your investment.


 and 73.6% of our revenues for the years ended December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2017. As a result
 our revenues are highly concentrated. We have no agreement obligating these distributors to purchase our products. As such
 these distributors can cease ordering products from us at any time without notice. Should this occur our revenues and results of operations will be negatively affected which could cause you to lose your investment in our common shares.




 the seeds (incapable of germination) and the mature stalks of the Cannabis sativa plant
 together with products made from these parts
 are known as Hemp Finished Products and are exempted from the definition of cannabis and are legal. Continued development of the cannabis and cannabidiol related industries is dependent upon continued legislative legalization of cannabis and cannabidiol related products at the state level
 and a number of factors could slow or halt progress in this area
 even where there is public support for legislative action. Any delay or halt in the passing or implementation of legislation for the re-criminalization or restriction of cannabidiol at the state level could negatively impact our business because of the perception that it is related to cannabidiol. Additionally
 changes in applicable state and local laws or regulations could restrict the products and services we offer or impose additional compliance costs on us or our customers. Violations of applicable laws
 or allegations of such violations
 could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on our operations. We cannot predict the nature of any future laws
 regulations
 interpretations or applications
 and it is possible that regulations may be enacted in the future that will have a material adverse effect on our business.

We recently entered the CBD Market and as a result
 we are subject to numerous potential regulatory matters
 which could negatively impact our operations.


 it would have a negative impact on our revenues and financial condition.




 labeling and distribution of the products that we distribute is regulated by various federal
 state and local agencies. These governmental authorities may commence regulatory or legal proceedings
 which could restrict the permissible scope of our product claims or the ability to sell our products in the future. The FDA regulates our products to ensure that the products are not adulterated or misbranded.


 we may be subject to penalties
 including
 without limitation
 civil and criminal penalties
 damages
 fines
 the curtailment or restructuring of our operations
 any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results.








 among other things
 injunctions
 product withdrawals
 recalls
 product seizures
 fines and criminal prosecutions. Our advertising is subject to regulation by the FTC under the FTCA. In recent years
 the FTC has initiated numerous investigations of dietary and nutrition supplement products and companies. Additionally
 some states also permit advertising and labeling laws to be enforced by private attorney generals
 who may seek relief for consumers
 seek class action certifications
 seek class wide damages and product recalls of products sold by us. Any actions against us by governmental authorities or private litigants could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

If the products we sell do not have the healthful effects intended
 our business may suffer.


 our products contain food
 nutritional supplements which are classified in the United States as &#147;dietary supplements&#148; which do not currently require approval from the FDA or other regulatory agencies prior to sale. Many of our products contain innovative ingredients or combinations of ingredients. There is little long term experience with human or other animal consumption of certain of these ingredients or combinations thereof in concentrated form. Our products could have certain side effects if not taken as directed or if taken by a consumer that has certain medical conditions. Furthermore
 there can be no assurance that any of the products
 even when used as directed
 will have the effects intended or will not have harmful side effects.

We may be exposed to material product liability claims
 which could increase our costs and adversely affect our reputation and business.


 we are subject to product liability claims if the use of our products for others is alleged to have resulted in injury. Our products consist of vitamins
 minerals
 herbs and other ingredients that are classified as dietary and nutrition supplements and
 in most cases
 are not subject to pre-market regulatory approval in the United States or internationally. Previously unknown adverse reactions resulting from human consumption of these ingredients could occur.




 including property
 general and product liability
 and workers&#146; compensation to protect ourselves against potential loss exposures. There is no assurance that our insurance will be sufficient to cover any claims that are asserted against us. In the future
 insurance coverage may not be available at adequate levels or on adequate terms to cover potential losses
 including on terms that meet our customer&#146;s requirements. If insurance coverage is inadequate or unavailable
 we may face claims that exceed coverage limits or that are not covered
 which could increase our costs and adversely affect our operating results.

Our intellectual property rights are valuable
 and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products and brand.

We manufacture our products primarily for third parties who sell the products under their own brand names. Our product formulations are not patented and there are numerous companies selling similar products. As such
 third parties could copy our products or sell similar products&nbsp;to our distributors and/or customers.


 and may develop an enhancement to our formulations that will be patentable or otherwise protected from duplication by others. Further
 we may be unable or unwilling to strictly enforce our intellectual property rights
 including our trademarks
 from infringement. Our inability to obtain and/or failure to enforce our intellectual property rights could diminish the value of our product offerings and have a material adverse effect on our business
 prospects
 results of operations
 and financial condition.










 in particular
 can be substantially influenced by scientific research or findings
 national media attention and other publicity about product use. Adverse publicity from these sources regarding the safety
 quality or efficacy of nutritional supplements and our products could harm our reputation and results of operations. The mere publication of news articles or reports asserting that such products may be harmful or questioning their efficacy could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations
 regardless of whether such news articles or reports are scientifically supported or whether the claimed harmful effects would be present at the dosages recommended for such products.

The Diet and Nutritional Supplement industry is highly competitive
 and our failure to compete effectively could adversely affect our market share
 financial condition and future growth.


 brand and product recognition and new product introductions. Several of our competitors are larger
 more established and possess greater financial
 personnel
 distribution and other resources. We face competition (a) in the health food channel from a limited number of large nationally known manufacturers
 private label brands and many smaller manufacturers of dietary and nutrition supplements; and (b) in &nbsp;&nbsp;the &nbsp;&nbsp;mass-market &nbsp;&nbsp;distribution &nbsp;&nbsp;channel &nbsp;&nbsp;from manufacturers
 major &nbsp;&nbsp;private label &nbsp;&nbsp;manufacturers &nbsp;&nbsp;and &nbsp;&nbsp;others. &nbsp;&nbsp;Private &nbsp;&nbsp;label &nbsp;&nbsp;brands &nbsp;&nbsp;at &nbsp;&nbsp;mass-market &nbsp;&nbsp;chains represent substantial sources of income for these merchants and the mass-market merchants often support their own labels at the expense of other brands. As such
 the growth of our brands within food
 drug
 and general mass-market merchants are highly competitive and uncertain. If we cannot compete effectively
 we may not be profitable.

We may experience greater than expected product returns
 which might adversely affect our sales and results of operations.


 including expiration dates or lack of sufficient sales volume. Any increase in product returns could reduce our results of operations.




 financial condition and results of operations.




 to a significant extent
 upon a number of factors relating to discretionary consumer spending. These factors include economic conditions and perceptions of such conditions by consumers
 employment rates
 the level of consumers' disposable income
 business conditions
 interest rates
 consumer debt levels and availability of credit. Consumer spending on our products may be adversely affected by changes in general economic conditions.







We may not be able to anticipate consumer preferences and trends within the diet and nutritional industry
 which could negatively affect acceptance of our products by retailers and consumers and result in a significant decrease in our revenues.


 whose preferences cannot be predicted with certainty and are subject to rapid change. Our products will need to successfully meet constantly changing consumer demands. If our products are not successfully received by our private label distributors and their customers
 our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and prospects may be harmed.



Should we lose the services of Edgar Ward
 our founder
 chief executive officer
 president and sole director
 our financial condition and proposed expansion may be negatively impacted.

 our founder
 chief executive officer
 president and sole director who would be difficult to replace. The services of Mr. Ward are critical to the management of our business and operations. Additionally
 we do not maintain key man life insurance on Mr. Ward. Should we lose the services of Mr. Ward
 and be unable to replace his services with equally competent and experienced personnel
 our operational goals and strategies may be adversely affected
 which will negatively affect our potential revenues.

Because we do not have an audit or compensation committee
 shareholders will have to rely on the one member of our board of directors who is not independent to perform these functions.


 that is composed of independent directors. These functions are performed by our sole director. Because our Sole Director is not independent
 there is a potential conflict between their or our interests and our shareholders&#146; interests since Edgar Ward
 our Sole Board Member
 is also our Chief Executive Officer and president who will participate in discussions concerning management compensation and audit issues that may affect management decisions. Until we have an audit committee or independent directors
 there may less oversight of management decisions and activities and little ability for minority shareholders to challenge or reverse those activities and decisions
 even if they are not in the best interests of minority shareholders.

Our vice president devotes limited time to our business
 which may negatively impact our plan of operations
 implementation of our business plan and our potential profitability.


 our vice president currently devotes only ten (10) hours to our business each month. Our Chief Executive Officer and President
 Edgar Ward
 devotes full time to our business however
 there is no assurance he will be able to do so in the future. Management time devoted to our business activities in the future may be inadequate to implement our plan of operations and develop a profitable business.









Our chief executive officer
 president and sole director has voting control over all matters submitted to a vote of our common stockholders
 which will prevent our minority shareholders from having the ability to control any of our corporate actions.


 2018
 we had 84
467
 730 shares
 respectively
 of our common stock outstanding
 each entitled to one vote per common share. Our chief executive officer
 president and sole director
 Edgar Ward
 holds 23
744
084 common shares directly
 1
000
000 shares indirectly and 1
000 Series A Preferred Shares which provide him with 500
000 votes per share or an aggregate of 500
000
000 votes on all matters submitted to our stockholders. As a result
 Mr. Ward controls 524
744
084 of 584
467
 730 votes or approximately 90% of all votes and has the ability to determine the outcome of all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval
 including the election of directors. Mr. Ward&#146;s control of our voting securities may make it impossible to complete some corporate transactions without his support and may prevent a change in our control. In addition
takeover effect
 possibly depressing the trading price of our common stock.


 persons holding restricted securities in a company not reporting with the Securities &amp; Exchange Commission
 including affiliates
 must hold their shares for a period of at least twelve months. Additionally
 affiliates may not sell more than one percent of the total issued and outstanding shares in any ninety (90) day period
 and &nbsp;&nbsp;must &nbsp;&nbsp;resell &nbsp;&nbsp;the &nbsp;&nbsp;shares &nbsp;&nbsp;in &nbsp;&nbsp;an unsolicited brokerage transaction at the market price. If substantial amounts of our common stock are resold under Rule 144
 prevailing market prices for our common stock will be reduced.

We may
 in the future
 issue additional securities which would reduce investors&#146; percent of ownership and may dilute our share value.


990
000 shares of common stock. As of April 16
 2018
84
467
 730 shares of common stock outstanding. Accordingly
 we may issue up to an additional 415
522
280 shares of common stock. The future issuance of common stock may result in substantial dilution in the percentage of our common stock held by our then existing shareholders. We may value any common stock issued in the future on an arbitrary basis including for services or acquisitions or other corporate actions that may have the effect of diluting the value of the shares held by our stockholders
 and might have an adverse effect on any trading market for our common stock. Additionally
 we are authorized to issue 10
000 shares of preferred stock of which 1
000 shares are outstanding. As such
 we may issue an additional 9
000 shares of preferred stock. Our board of directors may designate the rights
 terms and preferences of our authorized but unissued preferred shares at its discretion including conversion and voting preferences without notice to our shareholders.







We are an &quot;emerging growth company&#148;
 and we cannot be certain if the reduced reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors.


 as defined in the JOBS Act. &nbsp;For as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company
 we may take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies
 including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. &nbsp;We could be an emerging growth company for up to five (5) years
 although we could lose that status sooner if our revenues exceed $1
000
000
000
 if we issue more than $1
000
000
000 in non-convertible debt in a three (3) year period
 or if the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds $100
000
000 as of any April 30 before that time
 in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following April 30. &nbsp;We cannot predict whether investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. &nbsp;If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result
 there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile.


 that allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. &nbsp;As a result of this election
 our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates.








400 square feet of office and warehouse space at 6601 Lyons Rd
 Suites L-6&amp;7
 Coconut Creek
 FL 33073
 with base rent at $6
700 per month from Lyons Corporate Park for our executive offices. Approximately 5
800 square feet is used for manufacturing
 storage and distribution. The lease term expires on December 31
 2018. On June 6
 2017
 we entered into an agreement with Hillsboro Technology Center
 LLC to lease an aggregate of 19
831 square feet at 448 Hillsboro Technology Drive
 Deerfield Beach
 FL 33441
 with base rent at $13
220.67 per month plus 7.65% of common area and 13% of building operating expenses. We plan to use this location as a manufacturing
 storage and distribution facility. The lease term commences on January 1
 2018 and terminates eighty-six (86) months thereafter.




 we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings
 which arise
 in the ordinary course of business. However
 litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties
 and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. We are currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition or operating results.













Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities




 par value $0.0001 per share (the &quot;Common Stock&quot;)
 has been quoted with the symbol &#147;NTFU&#148; on the OTC Markets since May 19
 2014. Trading in stocks quoted on the OTC Markets is often thin and is characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices due to many factors that may have little to do with a company&#146;s operations or business prospects.


 OTC Markets securities transactions are conducted through a telephone and computer network connecting dealers in stocks. OTC Markets issuers are traditionally smaller companies that do not meet the financial and other listing requirements of a regional or national stock exchange.


 without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commissions and may not necessarily represent actual transactions:
































































































 Woodmere
&nbsp;VStock Transfer is registered as a transfer agent with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended.




 2018
 we had ninety-two (92) record holders of our common stock.













 we may adopt and establish an equity-based or other long-term incentive plan if it is in our best interest and our shareholders to do so.




 as that term is generally defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to mean equity securities with a price of less than $5.00. Thus
 our shares will be subject to rules that impose sales practice and disclosure requirements on broker-dealers who engage in certain transactions involving a penny stock.


 a broker-dealer selling a penny stock to anyone other than an established customer must make a special suitability determination regarding the purchaser and must receive the purchaser's written consent to the transaction prior to the sale
 unless the broker-dealer is otherwise exempt.


 under the penny stock regulations
 the broker-dealer is required to:



 prior to any transaction involving a penny stock
 a disclosure schedule prepared by the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to the penny stock market
 unless the broker-dealer or the transaction is otherwise exempt;




 the account's value
 and information regarding the limited market in penny stocks; and


 prior to conducting any penny stock transaction in the customer's account.


 broker-dealers may encounter difficulties in their attempt to sell shares of our common stock
 which may affect the ability of the Selling Stockholder or other holders to sell their shares in the secondary market
 and have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market. These additional sales practice and disclosure requirements could impede the sale of our securities
 if our securities become publicly traded. In addition
 the liquidity for our securities may be decreased
 with a corresponding decrease in the price of our securities.


 in all likelihood
 find it difficult to sell their securities.




 2018 we had 84
467
730 common shares outstanding. Of these shares 50
953
065 common shares are held by non-affiliates and 33
514
655 common shares are held by affiliates
 which Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933 defines as restricted securities.








 non-affiliates holding restricted securities of SEC reporting companies must hold their shares for a period of at least six (6) months and non-affiliates who hold restricted securities of companies which are not SEC reporting companies must hold their shares for a period of at least twelve months. Persons who are affiliates of either reporting or non-reporting companies must file a Form 144 with the SEC prior to sale
 may not sell more than one percent of the total issued and outstanding shares in any 90-day period
 and must resell the shares in an unsolicited brokerage transaction at the market price.








 as the Board of Directors deems relevant.








 publicly offered by us.




 as that term is generally defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to mean equity securities with a price of less than $5.00. Thus
 our shares are subject to rules that impose sales practice and disclosure requirements on broker-dealers who engage in certain transactions involving a penny stock.


 a broker-dealer selling a penny stock to anyone other than an established customer must make a special suitability determination regarding the purchaser and must receive the purchaser's written consent to the transaction prior to the sale
 unless the broker-dealer is otherwise exempt.


 under the penny stock regulations
 the broker-dealer is required to:



 prior to any transaction involving a penny stock
 a disclosure schedule prepared by the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to the penny stock market
 unless the broker-dealer or the transaction is otherwise exempt;




 the account's value
 and information regarding the limited market in penny stocks; and


 prior to conducting any penny stock transaction in the customer's account.








 broker-dealers may encounter difficulties in their attempt to sell shares of our Common Stock
 which may affect the ability of selling shareholders or other holders to sell their shares in the secondary market
 and have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market. These additional sales practice and disclosure requirements could impede the sale of our securities
 if our securities become publicly traded. In addition
 the liquidity for our securities may be decreased
 with a corresponding decrease in the price of our securities. Our shares in all probability will be subject to such penny stock rules and our shareholders will
 in all likelihood
 find it difficult to sell their securities.


 we offered and sold securities below. None of the issuances involved underwriters
 underwriting discounts or commissions. We relied upon Sections 4(2) of the Securities Act
 and Rule 506 of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended for the offer and sale of the securities.







 Notice of Sales
 with the SEC;






 Edgar Ward; and




 although some of the investors may have also been accredited
 we provided the following to all investors:







 to the extent we possessed such information
 necessary to &nbsp;&nbsp;verify the accuracy of the information to which the investors were given access; and


 after reasonable advance notice
 any materials available to us concerning our business.


 2015
 we sold a promissory note in the amount of $25
000 to Jerry O&#146;Leary. &nbsp;The note included options to purchase 25
000 of our common shares at the price of $.20 per share or an aggregate of $5
000. On January 4
 2017
 Mr. O&#146;Leary converted the amount due of $25
000 into 100
000 of our common shares at the price of $.25 per share. On February 23
 2017
 we issued 25
000 shares of our common stock to Jerry O&#146;Leary in exchange for $5
000 for the exercise of the 25
000 options.


 2016
 we sold 500
000 units to Jerry O&#146;Leary for the aggregate price of $50
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2017
 we sold 500
000 units to Jerry O&#146;Leary for the aggregate price of $50
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2015
 we sold a promissory note in the amount of $250
000 to William Ferri. The note accrued interest at 10% and included options to purchase 250
000 common shares at the price of $.20 per share. On January 4
 2017
 William Ferri converted the principal and accrued interest due in the amount of $275
000 into our common shares at the price of $.25 per share or an aggregate of 1
100
000 shares. On May 12
 2017
 Mr Ferri exercised the 250
000 options at an exercise price of $.20 per share or an aggregate of $50
000.








 2016
 we sold a promissory note in the amount of $38
000 to Richard Scott Lohan. The note accrued interest at 10% and included warrants to purchase 100
000 common shares at the price of $.00 per share. On May 10
 2016
 we repaid the principal due of $38
000. On April 19
 2016
 Mr. Lohan exercised the 100
000 warrants at an exercise price of $0.00 per share or an aggregate of $0. On June 22
 2016
 we sold an additional promissory note in the amount of $27
000 to Mr. Lohan. The note accrued interest at 10% and included warrants to purchase 70
000 common shares at the price of $.00 per share. &nbsp;On January 4
 2017
 Mr. Lohan converted the principal due of $27
000 into 270
000 common shares and accrued interest of $11
700 into 117
000 common shares at the price of $.10 per share. On June 22
 2016
 Mr. Lohan exercised the 100
000 warrants at an exercise price of $0.00 per share or an aggregate of $0.


 2017
 we sold 243
000 shares to Richard Scott Lohan for the aggregate price of $12
000 or $.05 per share.


000 shares instead of 70
000 shares in conjunction with the exercise of the June 22
 2016 cashless warrants. He elected to convert the June 22
 2016 promissory note and accrued interest for 387
000 common shares and pay $12
000 in cash for the remaining 243
000 common shares of the 630
000 over-issuance instead of returning those shares.


 2016
 we amended a noted dated June 7
 2013
 whereby we are obligated to pay Craig Hetherington the sum of $100
000 plus interest at the rate of 10%. Under the terms of the amended note
 the note&#146;s maturity date was July 15
 2017.


 2016
 we amended an August 26
 2013 promissory note
 whereby we are obligated to pay Craig Hetherington the sum of $100
000 plus interest at the rate of 15%. Under the terms of the amended note
 the note&#146;s maturity date was July 15
 2016.


 2017
 Craig Heatherington converted principal and accrued interest due in the amount of $882
235 pursuant to a June 7
 2013 and an August 26
 2013 and a March 26
 2014 and a June 23
 2014 convertible notes into our common shares at the price of $.25 per share or an aggregate of 3
528
940 shares.


 2015
 we sold 100
000 units to James Laurain for the aggregate price of $100
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2015
 we sold 100
000 units to James Laurain for the aggregate price of $100
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2015
 we sold 200
000 units to James Laurain for the aggregate price of $200
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2015
 we sold 150
000 units to James Laurain for the aggregate price of $15
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2016
 we sold 50
000 units to James Laurain for the aggregate price of $200
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 we sold 450
000 units to James Laurain for the aggregate price of $45
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.








 2016
 we sold 50
000 units to James Laurain for the aggregate price of $5
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2016
 we sold a promissory note in the amount of $20
000 to James Laurain. The note accrued interest at 10%. On December 7
 2016
 Mr. Laurain converted the principal and accrued interest due in the amount of $20
628 into our common shares at the price of $.25 per share or an aggregate of 82
512 shares.


 2016
 we sold a promissory note in the amount of $20
000 to James Laurain. The note accrued interest at 10%. On December 7
 2016
 Mr. Laurain converted the principal and accrued interest due in the amount of $20
367 into our common shares at the price of $.25 per share or an aggregate of 81
468 shares.


 2016
 we sold 550
000 units to James Laurain for the aggregate price of $55
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2017
 we sold 75
000 units to James Laurain for the aggregate price of $7
500 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2016
 we sold 250
000 units to Michael Farr for the aggregate price of $25
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2016
 we sold a promissory note in the amount of $25
000 to Michael Farr. The note accrued interest at 10% and included 70
000 common shares. On August 23
 2016
 we repaid the note and accrued interest.


 2016
 we sold a promissory note in the amount of $35
000 to Michael Farr. The note accrued interest at 10% and included 100
000 common shares. On October 12
 2016
 we repaid the note and accrued interest.


 2016
 we sold a promissory note in the amount of $40
000 to Michael Farr. The note accrued interest at 10% and included 100
000 common shares. On November 21
 2016
 we repaid the note and issued 160
400 common shares to Mr. Farr. &nbsp;


 2016
 we sold a promissory note in the amount of $60
000 to Michael Farr. The note accrued interest at 10% and included 200
000 common shares. On December 28
 2016
 Mr. Farr converted the note into 660
000 common shares.


 2016
 we sold a promissory note in the amount of $65
000 to Michael Farr. The note accrued interest at 10% and included 200
000 common shares. On January 4
 2017
 Mr. Farr converted the note into 300
000 common shares.


 2017
 we sold 1
300
000 units to FMG Holdings LLC for the aggregate price of $130
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2017
 we sold 150
000 units to FMG Holdings LLC for the aggregate price of $30
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2017
 we sold 100
000 units to FMG Holdings LLC for the aggregate price of $20
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.








 2015
 we sold 500
000 units to Jerry Thompson for the aggregate price of $50
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2015
 we sold 200
000 units to Jerry Thompson for the aggregate price of $20
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2015
 we sold 250
000 units to Jerry Thompson for the aggregate price of $25
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2016
 we sold 150
000 units to Jerry Thompson for the aggregate price of $15
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2016
 we sold 200
000 units to Jerry Thompson for the aggregate price of $20
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2016
 we sold 65
000 units to Jerry Thompson for the aggregate price of $6
500 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2016
 we sold 200
000 units to Jerry Thompson for the aggregate price of $20
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2016
 we sold 150
000 units to Jerry Thompson for the aggregate price of $15
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2016
 we sold a promissory note in the amount of $15
000 to Jerry Thompson. The note accrued interest at 10% and included 15
000 common shares. On January 4
 2017
 Mr. Thompson converted the principal and accrued interest outstanding note into 61
368 common shares.


 2016
 we sold 100
000 units to Jerry Thompson for the aggregate price of $10
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2017
 we sold 195
000 units to Jerry Thompson for the aggregate price of $19
500 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2015
 we sold 100
000 Units to G&amp;C Investment Corp
 a Florida corporation controlled by Jorge Garrido. Each Unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrants for the per share price of $100
000 or an aggregate of $100
000. The warrants were exercisable at $.10 per share and exercised at the time of the investment.


 2015
 we entered into a promissory note
 whereby we are obligated to pay Ann Noble the sum of $25
000 plus interest at the rate of 10%. Under the terms of the amended note
 the note&#146;s maturity date is August 14
 2016. The note was converted into 250
000 shares of our common stock at the price of $.10 per share on August 14
 2016.








 2015
 we issued 30
000 shares of our common stock to Barbara Ludwig for an aggregate of $6
000 or the per share price of $.20 per share.


 2016
 Barbara Ludwig converted principal due in the amount of $20
000 pursuant to an August 14
 2015 convertible note into our common shares at the price of $.10 per share or an aggregate of 200
000 shares.


 2017
 we sold 114
286 units to Barbara Ludwig for the aggregate price of $40
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2016
 Dennis Poland converted principal and accrued interest due in the amount of $55
000 pursuant to a February 20
 2014 convertible note into our common shares at the price of $.10 per share or an aggregate of 550
000 shares.


 2016
 James Stewart converted principal and accrued interest due in the amount of $28
849.05 pursuant to an August 14
 2015 convertible note into our common shares at the price of $.10 per share or an aggregate of 287
285 shares.


 2017
 Neil Catania converted principal and accrued interest due in the amount of $841
750 pursuant to a November 15
 2012 and July 26
 2016 convertible notes and a December 31
 2013 line of credit into our common shares at the price of $.25 per share or an aggregate of 3
367
000 shares. On December 1
 2016
 we issued 2
000
000 shares to Neil Catania
 VP of the Company
 for services rendered. We valued these shares at $.06 per share or an aggregate of $120
000.00.


 2017
John Hampton converted principal and accrued interest due in the amount of $147
583 pursuant to an August 27
 2014 and an October 3
 2014 convertible notes into our common shares at the price of $.25 per share or an aggregate of 590
332 shares.


 2017
 Michael Smyth converted principal and accrued interest due in the amount of $70
680 pursuant to a November 15
 2012 convertible note into our common shares at the price of $.25 per share or an aggregate of 282
720 shares.


 2017
 Donald Brennick converted principal and accrued interest due in the amount of $28
395 pursuant to an August 26
 2015 convertible note into our common shares at the price of $.10 per share or an aggregate of 283
950 shares.


 2017
 we issued 250
000 shares to Bernadine Cawley for services rendered to us. We valued these shares at $.40 per share or an aggregate of $100
000.00.


 2017
 we sold 375
000 units to Bernadine Cawley for the aggregate price of $75
000 or $.20 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $0.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2015
 we sold 100
000 units to Tom and Carol Perrine for the aggregate price of $10
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2015
 we sold 100
000 units to Tom and Carol Perrine for the aggregate price of $10
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2016
 we sold 100
000 units to Tom and Carol Perrine for the aggregate price of $10
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.








 2015
 we sold 102
000 units to Alan Maurer for the aggregate price of $10
200 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2015
 we sold 50
000 units to Gordon Langston for the aggregate price of $5
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2017
 we sold 250
000 units to Gordon Langston for the aggregate price of $25
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2015
 we sold 50
000 units to Barclay Armitage for the aggregate price of $5
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.

 2016
 we sold 75
000 units to Barclay Armitage for the aggregate price of $7
500 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2015
 we sold 50
000 units to Michael Ward for the aggregate price of $5
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2015
 we sold 50
000 units to David Knudtson for the aggregate price of $5
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2015
 we sold 200
000 units to William Rodriguez for the aggregate price of $20
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment. On January 9
 2017
 we sold 405
000 units to William Rodriguez for the aggregate price of $40
500 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment. On January 17
 2017
 we sold 200
000 units to William Rodriguez for the aggregate price of $20
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2015
 we sold 50
000 units to Nathaniel Rodriguez for the aggregate price of $5
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2016
 we sold 75
000 units to Kerry McDonald for the aggregate price of $7
500 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2016
 we sold 250
000 units to Thomas Jacobsen for the aggregate price of $25
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2016
 we sold 100
000 units to Laura &amp; Anthony Suttora for the aggregate price of $10
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.








 2016
 we sold 200
000 units to Anthony Monteleone for the aggregate price of $20
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2016
 we sold 100
000 units to Leon English for the aggregate price of $10
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment. On January 7
 2017
 we sold 100
000 units to Leon English for the aggregate price of $10
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2016
 we sold 400
000 units to Dominant Holdings LLC
 a Massachusetts limited liability company controlled by Kelly Benson
 for the aggregate price of $40
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $0.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.

 2016
 we sold 400
000 units to Dominant Holdings LLC for the aggregate price of $40
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2016
 we sold 300
000 units to Dominant Holdings LLC for the aggregate price of $30
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2016
 we sold 300
000 units to Dominant Holdings LLC for the aggregate price of $30
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2016
 we sold 150
000 units to John Berning for the aggregate price of $15
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2017
 we sold 150
000 units to John Berning for the aggregate price of $15
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2016
 we sold 500
000 units to Paul &amp; Cheryl Botts for the aggregate price of $50
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2017
 we sold 500
000 units to Paul &amp; Cheryl Botts for the aggregate price of $50
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2017
 we sold 500
000 units to Jeff Luccesi for the aggregate price of $50
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2017
 we sold 300
000 units to STF Partners
 LP
 a New York limited partnership controlled by Sharyn Frankel
 for the aggregate price of $30
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $0.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.








 2017
 we sold 200
000 units to Breadfruit Tree Inc.
 a Florida corporation
 doing business as NF Skin
 our distributor
 and controlled by F. Bruce Hutson
 for the aggregate price of $20
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2017
 we sold 300
000 units to Davis Pallen for the aggregate price of $30
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2017
 we sold 1
500
000 units to Forage Complete LLC
 an Idaho limited liability company controlled by Cody Jensen
 for the aggregate price of $150
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2017
 we sold 200
000 units to Forage Complete LLC for the aggregate price of $40
000 or $.20 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2017
 we sold 100
000 units to Forage Complete LLC for the aggregate price of $20
000 or $.20 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2017
 we sold 41
666 units to Patricia Gleason for the aggregate price of $25
000 or $.60 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2017
 we sold 83
333 units to David Corcoran for the aggregate price of $50
000 or $.60 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2017
 we sold 500
000 units to Gregory Ross for the aggregate price of $100
000 or $.20 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2017
 we sold 50
000 units to James Rutledge for the aggregate price of $10
000 or $.20 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2017
 we sold 575
000 units to EW Strategies LLC
 a Georgia limited liability company controlled by Greg Schantz
 for the aggregate price of $115
000 or $.20 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2017
 we sold 250
000 units to Wolbers Family Trust
 a trust controlled by Jennifer Wolbers
 for the aggregate price of $50
000 or $.20 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $0.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2017
 we sold 150
000 units to Peter Mazza for the aggregate price of $30
000 or $.20 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.








 2017
 we sold 50
000 units to David Dickman for the aggregate price of $10
000 or $.20 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment.


 2015
 we issued 30
000 of our common stock to Peter Cianci in exchange for services rendered. We valued these shares at the price of $.17 per share or an aggregate of $5
10.

On October 1
 2015
 we issued 40
000 shares to Five Star Labs
 LLC
 a Florida limited liability company controlled by Eric Caprarese for services rendered. We valued these shares at $.17 per share or an aggregate of $6
800.00.


 2015
 we issued 1
000
000 shares to Osprey Capital Advisors
 LLC a Florida limited liability company controlled by Terence M. Taylor
 for services rendered. We valued these shares at $.183 per share or an aggregate of $183
000.00.


 2015
 we issued 1
000
000 shares to Osprey Capital Advisors
 LLC a Florida limited liability company controlled by Terence M. Taylor
 for services rendered. We valued these shares at $.122 per share or an aggregate of $122
000.00.


 2015 and January 2
 2016
 we issued 75
000 shares to WT Consulting
 LLC a Florida limited liability company controlled by William Hirschy
 for services rendered. We valued these shares at $.3467 per share or an aggregate of $52
000. &nbsp;


 2016
 we issued 100
000 shares to Patagonia Global Trading
 LLC
 a Florida limited liability company controlled by David Zirulnikoff
 for services rendered. We valued these shares at $.10 per share or an aggregate of $10
000.00.


 2017
 we issued 50
000 shares to Patagonia Global Trading
 a Florida entity
 for services rendered. We valued these shares at $.25 per share or an aggregate of $12
500.00.


 2016
 we issued Josh Zwagil 244
514 shares for new business development. We valued these shares at $.11 per share
 or an aggregate of $26
896.54.


 2016
 we issued 4
000
000 shares to Edgar Ward
 CEO of the Company
 for services rendered. We valued these shares at $.06 per share or an aggregate of $240
&nbsp;On March 3
 2017
 we issued 7
220
585 shares to Edgar Ward
 CEO of the Company
 for services rendered. We valued these shares at $1.45 per share or an aggregate of $10
453
315. On November 27
 2017
 we issued 6
674
837 shares to Edgar Ward
 CEO of the Company
 for services rendered. We valued these shares at $1.27 per share or an aggregate of $8
464
463.


 2016
 we issued 1
000
000 shares to Nicole Archon for services rendered. We valued these shares at $.06 per share or an aggregate of $60
000.00.


 2016
 we issued 249
999 shares to Venture Capital Group
 LLC a Delaware limited liability company controlled by William Stern
 for services rendered. We valued these shares at an aggregate $.0972 per share or an aggregate of $24
300.00.


 2017
 we issued 100
000 shares to Hamilton &amp; Associates Law Group a Florida law firm controlled by Brenda Hamilton
 Esq.
 for services rendered. We valued these shares at an aggregate $.10 per share or an aggregate of $10
000.00.


 2017
 we issued 400
000 shares to Anthony Procelli
 for services rendered. We valued these shares at $.40 per share or an aggregate of $160
000.00.


 2017
 we issued 50
000 shares to Patrick Kilcooley
 for services rendered. We valued these shares at $.40 per share or an aggregate of $20
000.00.








 2017
 we issued 300
000 shares to Daniel Ryan
 for services rendered. We valued these shares at $.40 per share or an aggregate of $120
000.00.


 2017
 we issued 50
000 shares to Sylvan Eudes
 for services rendered. We valued these shares at $.12 per share or an aggregate of $6
000.00.


 2017
 we issued 250
000 shares of our restricted common stock to Michael R. Anderson for services rendered. We valued these shares at $.69 per share or an aggregate of $172
500.00.


 2017
 we issued 100
000 shares to Kenneth Duchin
 for services rendered. We valued these shares at $.80 per share or an aggregate of $80
000.00.

On December 17
 2017
 we issued 500
000 shares Hongxiang Hui &nbsp;for services rendered to us. We valued these shares at $.15 and $.10 per share.


 2018
 we issued 2
000
000 shares to Hall Global LLC
 a limited liability controlled by Michael Anderson for services rendered to us. We valued these shares at $.15 and $.10 per share.


 2018 and February 26
 2018
 we issued 43
759 and 125
400 shares of our common stock to Hamilton &amp; Associates Law Group
 P.A. a Florida law firm controlled by Brenda Hamilton for services rendered. &nbsp;













Our Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with the audited annual and unaudited interim Financial Statements and related notes included in this Form 10 filing
 as well as the sections entitled &#147;Risk Factors&#148; in of this filing
 as well as other cautionary statements and risks described elsewhere in this filing. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements




 Inc
 a Florida corporation (&#147;us&#148;
 &#147;we&#148; or &#147;our&#148;) was formed as a limited liability company in the state of Florida on April 1
 2010
 to engage in the development and distribution of nutritional and dietary oral spray products. On December 3
 2012
 we converted from a Limited Liability Company to a Florida Corporation. We manufacture and distribute oral spray nutritional and dietary products. Our distribution strategy includes selling to private label customers retailers
 distributors
 and consumers through retail outlets.

Years Ended December 31
 2017 and 2016


790
168 and $225
293 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 or a six hundred ninety-four point six percent (694.6%) increase. This increase resulted from our sale of CBD products and greater acceptance of our nutritional and dietary products in the marketplace
 which led to greater sales. Cost of sales was $1
055
042 compared to $195
195 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 or a four hundred fourty point five percent (440.5%) increase. This increase is directly related to our increase in sales.


126 and $30
098 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 or a twenty three hundred fourty two point four percent (2
342.4%) increase.


681
673 compared to $895
509 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 an increase of eighty seven point eight percent (87.8%). Our payroll expense increased $382
844; and professional fees increased $133
907 as a direct result of our increased sales and our becoming a fully reporting company again. Many other categories of expenses increased up to double the 2016 amounts as a direct result of the increase in sales 


183
422 and $513
196 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 or a thirty six hundred thirty eight point zero percent (3
638.0%) increase. $18
917
778 of the 2017 expense was shares issued to our CEO under his January 2017 employment agreement with had a non-dilutive clause. This non-dilutive clause was removed in an amendment to the employment agreement in October 2017.


342
161 compared to $611
444 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 an increase of four hundred forty six point six percent (446.6%). This increase is due to the recording of induced conversion charges upon the conversion of our debt to equity at a rate below the then prevailing market price of our stock.


629
117) compared to ($2
098
771) for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.












133 for the year ended December 31
 2017. We used $1
018
070 of cash in operating activities during the year.




 2017 we funded our working capital requirements principally through the proceeds of sale of our common stock and exercise of options in the amount of $1
379
500.




 estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements
 including the notes thereto
 and related disclosures of commitments and contingencies
 if any. We consider our critical accounting policies to be those that require the more significant judgments and estimates in the preparation of financial statements
 including the following:








 prepaid expenses
 payables and accrued expenses. Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time
 based on relevant market information about the financial instrument. These estimates are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and therefore cannot be determined with precision. We consider the carrying values of our financial instruments in the consolidated financial statements to approximate fair value
 due to their short-term nature.




 generally at shipment of product. Revenue is recognized on a gross basis in accordance with ASC 605-45.




 less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is provided for using straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets.









 a write-down would be recorded to reduce the related asset to its estimated fair value.




 options
 warrants or other contracts to determine if those contracts or embedded components of those contracts qualify as derivatives to be separately accounted for. The result of this accounting treatment is that under certain circumstances the fair value of the derivative is marked-to-market each balance sheet date and recorded as a liability. In the event that the fair value is recorded as a liability
 the change in fair value is recorded in the statement of operations as other income or expense. Upon conversion or exercise of a convertible note containing an embedded derivative instrument
 the instrument is marked to fair value at the conversion date and that fair value is reclassified to equity. &nbsp;The shares issued upon conversion of the note are recorded at their fair value with gain or loss recognition as applicable.

























































 Inc. 

 Florida




 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) at December 31
 2017 and 2016
 and the related statements of operations
 changes in stockholders&#146; equity (deficit)
 and cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended December 31
 2017
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). &nbsp;In our opinion
 the financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company at December 31
 2017 and 2016
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended December 31
 2017
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


 the Company has experienced net losses and has an accumulated deficit
 which raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management&#146;s plans in regard to these matters are described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter.





 whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
 we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.


 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.







 Florida

 2018












NUTRAFUELS
 INC.














948&nbsp;


133&nbsp;


162
194&nbsp;
94
404&nbsp;


332
460&nbsp;
152
040&nbsp;


667
602&nbsp;
258
577&nbsp;




&nbsp;&nbsp;Furniture
 fixtures and equipment
425
005&nbsp;
296
447&nbsp;


154
842&nbsp;
112
285&nbsp;


579
847&nbsp;
408
732&nbsp;


(293
317)
(214
842)


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Property and equipment
 net
286
530&nbsp;
193
890&nbsp;






132&nbsp;


467&nbsp;









504&nbsp;


335&nbsp;


206
105&nbsp;
724
492&nbsp;



34
996&nbsp;

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Convertible debt net of discount of $0 and 162
160

1
132
251&nbsp;



210
000&nbsp;



432
000&nbsp;



293
609&nbsp;
2
553
074&nbsp;








&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Preferred stock
 $0.0001 par value
 authorized 10
000 shares; 1
000 and 1
000 issued and outstanding



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Common stock
 $0.0001 par value
 authorized 499
990
000 shares; 81
448
561 and 

890
912 issued and outstanding shares
8
144&nbsp;
4
589&nbsp;


33
411
300&nbsp;
7
024
608&nbsp;


(32
758
921)
(9
129
804)



660
523&nbsp;
(2
100
607)




132&nbsp;


467&nbsp;











NUTRAFUELS
 INC.


 









790
168&nbsp;


293&nbsp;



1
055
042&nbsp;
195
195&nbsp;



735
126&nbsp;
30
098&nbsp;





81
180&nbsp;
53
619&nbsp;


19
183
422&nbsp;
513
196&nbsp;


1
681
673&nbsp;
895
509&nbsp;


78
475&nbsp;
60
501&nbsp;


21
060
665&nbsp;
1
522
825&nbsp;


(20
289
624)
(1
492
727)





1
951&nbsp;
5
400&nbsp;





(3
342
161)
(611
444)


(3
339
343)
(606
044)


(23
629
117)
(2
098
771)








629
117)


098
771)










71
820
863&nbsp;
33
689
465&nbsp;










NUTRAFUELS
 INC.


























 December 31
 2015
1
000
29
014
114

2
901
5
494
763
(7
031
033)
(1
533
369)



5
615
000


560
937

561
499&nbsp;



7
719
513


512
425

513
197&nbsp;



1
195
000


80
569

80
688&nbsp;



2
347
285


375
914

376
149&nbsp;







(2
098
771)
(2
098
771)


 December 31
 2016
1
000
45
890
912

4
589
7
024
608
(9
129
804)
(2
100
607)



9
707
285


1
323
529

1
324
500&nbsp;



275
000


54
973

55
000&nbsp;



10
129
942

1
013
5
613
858

5
614
871&nbsp;



1
250
000


363
875

364
000&nbsp;



14
195
422

1
419
19
030
458

19
031
877&nbsp;







(23
629
117)
(23
629
117)


 December 31
 2017
1
000
81
448
561




144


411
300


758
920)


523&nbsp;











NUTRAFUELS
 INC.


 










629
117)


098
771)




19
019
277&nbsp;
513
196&nbsp;


78
475&nbsp;
60
501&nbsp;


327
691&nbsp;



531
876&nbsp;
250
128&nbsp;


3
116
500&nbsp;
141
300&nbsp;









5
000&nbsp;


(67
790)
3
023&nbsp;


90
232&nbsp;
123
230&nbsp;


68
169&nbsp;
(13
707)


(518
387)
289
233&nbsp;


(34
996)




(1
018
070)
(726
705)





(171
115)
(16
306)



(171
115)
(16
306)





1
324
500&nbsp;
556
500&nbsp;


55
000&nbsp;




345
000&nbsp;



34
500&nbsp;



(148
000)


(29
500)
(50
000)



1
350
000&nbsp;
738
000&nbsp;



160
815&nbsp;
(5
011)



 beginning of year
12
133&nbsp;
17
144&nbsp;



 end of year


948&nbsp;


133&nbsp;







043&nbsp;


821&nbsp;








688&nbsp;




614
871&nbsp;


849&nbsp;











NUTRAFUELS
 INC.





 Inc. (We
 or the Company) is the producer and distributor of nutritional supplements that uses micro molecular formulae and a utilization of an oral spray to provide faster and more efficient absorption.











 2017 or 2016.






 generally three
 seven and twelve years
 using the straight-line method. &nbsp;Upon sale or retirement
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are eliminated from their respective accounts
 and the resulting gain or loss is included in the results of operations. Repairs and maintenance charges
 which do not increase the useful lives of the assets
 are charged to operations as incurred. 



 services have been rendered
 the sales price is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. This occurs only when the product is ordered and subsequently shipped.








NUTRAFUELS
 INC.



 continued



 Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions. When tax returns are filed
 it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities
 while others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination.


 2017
 the tax years 2016 and 2015 for the Company remains open for IRS audit. The Company has received no notice of audit or any notifications from the IRS for any of the open tax years.





 clarifies that fair value is an exit price
 representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. It also requires disclosure about how fair value is determined for assets and liabilities and establishes a hierarchy for which these assets and liabilities must be grouped
 based on significant levels of inputs as follows:




 which require the reporting entity to develop its own assumptions.


 which include cash and cash equivalents
 accounts payable
 accrued liabilities and indebtedness approximates their fair values because of the short-term maturities and variable rates of interest of these instruments.







NUTRAFUELS
 INC.



 continued



 2017 and 2016.






 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 which requires companies to identify contractual performance obligations and determine whether revenue should be recognized at a point in time or over time based on when control of goods and services transfer to a customer. As a result
 we do not expect significant changes in the presentation of our financial statements. This ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 including interim periods within that reporting period
 and entities are permitted to apply either prospectively or retrospectively; early adoption is permitted. We do not expect adoption of this guidance to have a material effect on our financial position
 results of operations and cash flows.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 which
 for operating leases
 requires a lessee to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability
 initially measured at the present value of the lease payments
 in its balance sheet. The standard also requires a lessee to recognize a single lease cost
 calculated so that the cost of the lease is allocated over the lease term
 on a generally straight-line basis. The ASU is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The adoption of ASU 2016-02 is expected to result in the recognition of right of use assets and associated obligations on our balance sheet.




 which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. We sustained a net loss of approximately $23.6 and $2.1 million for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 and have an accumulated deficit of approximately $32.8 million at December 31
 2017. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.


 2017 and 2016 contain explanatory paragraphs expressing substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern.


 including the need for significant additional capital
 management&#146;s potential underestimation of initial and ongoing costs
 and potential delays and other problems in connection with establishing sales channels.






NUTRAFUELS
 INC.



 continued


 there is no assurance this will occur. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if we are unable to continue as a going concern.




 2014
 we issued a $290
000 convertible note. &nbsp;The note bore interest at 10%
 with an initial maturity of March 26
 2015 (subsequently amended to January 15
 2016)
 and was convertible into shares of our common stock at $1.00 per share. &nbsp;The investor also received warrants to purchase 500
000 shares of our common stock at $0.50 per share with a two-year exercise term.


 Contracts in Entity&#146;s own stock
 and concluded that the warrants meet the criteria for classification in shareholders&#146; equity. &nbsp;We allocated the proceeds received to the debt
 stock
 and warrants based on their relative fair values. &nbsp;We determined the fair value of the warrants using a Black-Scholes option pricing model.


 2014
 we issued a $30
000 convertible note. &nbsp;The note bore interest at 10%
 matures on June 23
 2015
 and was convertible into shares of our Company at $1.00 per share. Because the market price for our common stock on the date of the note exceeded the note&#146;s conversion price of $1.00 per share
 we recognized a beneficial conversion feature of $21
600 as a discount on the note. &nbsp;The discount was being amortized as additional interest over the life of the note.


 Derivatives and Hedging embedded in the modified notes payable for derivative accounting in accordance with the criteria for classification in shareholders&#146; equity.


 2014
 we issued a $50
000 convertible note. &nbsp;The note bore interest at 10%
 had an initial maturity of January 2
 2015 (subsequently extended to January 15
 2016)
 and was convertible into shares of our common stock at $1.00 per share. &nbsp;The investor also received 50
000 shares of our common stock.


 we issued a $60
000 convertible note. &nbsp;The note bore interest at 10%
 had an initial maturity of November 2
 2014 (subsequently extended to January 15
 2016) and was convertible into shares of our common stock at $1.00 per share. The investor also received 150
000 shares of our common stock.


 we sold 25
000 units to an investor in exchange for $25
000. &nbsp;The 25
000 units consist of: (i) 25
000 shares of our common stock; (ii) 2-year options to purchase 25
000 shares of our common stock at $0.20
 and (iii) a 2-year convertible promissory note in the amount of $25
000. The note is non-interest bearing and was convertible into shares of our common stock at the higher of (a) twenty-five cents ($.25) or (b) fifty percent (50%) of the average closing price of our shares as reported by the OTC Markets for the 10 trading days prior to the day of conversion.


 and recorded as a debt discount. 







NUTRAFUELS
 INC.



 continued


 we sold 250
000 units to an investor in exchange for $250
000. &nbsp;The 250
000 units consist of: (i) 250
000 shares of our common stock; (ii) 2-year options to purchase 250
000 shares of our common stock at $0.20
 and (iii) a 2-year convertible promissory note in the amount of $250
000. The note bore 10% interest and was convertible into shares of our common stock at the higher of (a) twenty-five cents ($.25) or (b) fifty percent (50%) of the average closing price of our shares as reported by the OTC Markets for the 10 trading days prior to the day of conversion.


 and recorded as a debt discount. 


 we entered into convertible promissory notes with four individual investors for a total amount of $95
000. &nbsp;The notes were interest bearing at a fixed rate of ten percent (10%) and were convertible into shares at $0.10 per share.


 we extended the maturity of our $100
000 promissory note to August 26
 2017.


000 cash
 which included the issuance of 100
000 shares of common stock
 valued at $14
000. We paid this loan back in full in June 2016.


000 cash
 which included the issuance of 90
000 shares of common stock
 valued at $9
900. 


000 cash
 which included the issuance of 70
000 shares of common stock
 valued at $7
700. 


000 cash
 which included the issuance of 35
000 shares of common stock
 valued at $4
588. 


000 cash
 which included the issuance of 350
000 shares of common stock
 valued at $21
500. 


000 cash
 which included the issuance of 400
000 shares of common stock
 valued at $23
000. 


347
285 shares of common stock for the conversion of debt and accrued interest totaling $234
849 and recorded an induced conversion expenses of $141
300 for debt that was converted at less than the stated conversion rate.


129
942 shares of common stock for the conversion of debt and accrued interest totaling $2
403
343 and recorded an induced conversion charge of $3
116
500 for debt that was converted at a discount to the stated conversion rate.




 2012
 we issued a $160
000 convertible note. The note bore interest at 10% with an initial maturity of November 15
 2014 (subsequently extended to November 15
 2017)
 and was convertible into shares of our common stock at $1.00 per share.







NUTRAFUELS
 INC.



 continued


 2013 we issued a $50
000 convertible note. &nbsp;The note bore interest at 10%
 with original maturity of May 15
 2014 (subsequently modified to November 15
 2017)
 and was convertible into shares of our common stock at $1.00 per share.


500 in cash and repaid $73
000 in cash under a non-interest bearing line of credit from an officer. During 2017 we repaid the remaining $29
500 in cash.


367
000 shares of common stock to convert $841
750 of debt and accrued interest to a related party.




690
000 shares of common stock and 1
690
000 warrants for the future purchase of common stock in exchange for $169
000 in cash. During the first quarter 2016 we issued 75
000 shares of common stock in exchange for services valued at $26
000.


000 shares of common stock and 850
000 warrants for the future purchase of common stock in exchange for $85
000 in cash. During the second quarter 2016 we issued 244
514 shares of common stock in exchange for services valued at $26
897. During the second quarter 2016 we issued 260
000 shares of common stock valued at $31
600 as an inducement to the $110
000 of convertible debt we received.


650
000 shares of common stock and 1
650
000 warrants for the future purchase of common stock in exchange for $165
000 in cash. &nbsp;During the third quarter 2016 we issued 285
000 shares of common stock valued at $26
088 as an inducement to the $110
000 of convertible debt we received. During the third quarter 2016 we issued 450
000 shares of common stock for the conversion of $45
000 of convertible debt. &nbsp;During the third quarter 2016 we issued 25
000 shares of common stock that had not been issued as required in February 2015
 these shares had already been accounted for.


175
000 shares of common stock and 1
175
000 warrants for the future purchase of common stock in exchange for $117
500 in cash. &nbsp;During the fourth quarter 2016 we issued 650
000 shares of common stock valued at $23
000 as an inducement to the $125
000 of convertible debt we received. During the fourth quarter 2016 we issued 1
897
500 shares of common stock for the conversion of $191
593 of convertible debt and accrued interest. 


 2017 we entered into an employment agreement with our President which includes an anti-dilution provision which requires us to maintain his share ownership in our Company at 30%
 reduced by any shares he sells. These shares are required to be issued on January 2 of each year. On February 13
 2017 we issued 7
220
585 shares associated with the anti-dilution rights
 which were valued at $10
453
315. In November 2017
 we issued 6
674
837 shares associated with the anti-dilution rights
 which were valued at $8
464
463. This employment agreement was amended on October 10
 2017
 to remove the anti-dilution provision.


762
942 shares of common stock to convert $1
561
593 of convertible debt and accrued interest and 3
367
000 shares of common stock to convert $841
750 of debt and accrued interest to a related party. In February 2017 we issued 25
000 shares of common stock in exchange for $5
000 in cash for the exercise of options. During the first quarter 2017 we issued 6
957
285 shares of common stock and 6
957
285 warrants to purchase our common stock in exchange for $774
500 in cash.


850
000 shares of common stock and 1
850
000 warrants to purchase our common stock in exchange for $370
000 in cash. During the second quarter 2017 we issued 250
000 shares of common stock in exchange for $50
000 in cash for an option exercise.






NUTRAFUELS
 INC.



 continued


000 shares of common stock in exchange for $180
000 in cash.




 our warrants and options outstanding are:








275
000


1
850
000



14
342
000
7
867
000


114
286



124
999



16
431
285
8
142
000




000 options outstanding at December 31
 2016
 were exercised in 2017 for $55
000 in cash. We issued 9
707
285 warrants during 2017 included with shares in units issued for $1
324
500 in cash. 1
143
000 warrants expired in 2017.






 2017 and 2016:


























 2017 and 2016:











State income tax
 net of federal benefit






Temporary differences
 net


















NUTRAFUELS
 INC.



 continued


 2017 and 2016:









195
726&nbsp;


079
075&nbsp;


4
381
662&nbsp;
207
859&nbsp;






(8
577
388)
(2
872
726)



414
855&nbsp;





(414
855)














119
517 and $752
829 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively. We recorded a 100% valuation allowance related to the deferred tax asset for the loss from operations. &nbsp;The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the period in which temporary differences become deductible.


 we record a liability for uncertain tax positions when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. At December 31
 2017 and 2016
 we have no liabilities for uncertain tax positions. We continually evaluate expiring statutes of limitations
 audits
 proposed settlements
 changes in tax law and new authoritative rulings.






 Florida. The lease expires in February 2018. The minimum monthly lease payments required for the remaining term of the lease are $7
360.


 Florida. This lease begins on January 1
 2018 and expires on March 1
 2025. The minimum monthly lease payments required begin at $13
220.




 we entered into a six-month agreement with Lyons Capital
 LLC to provide introductions to broker/dealers
 private funds
 Investment bankers
 potential BOD members
 stock research firms
 market makers and business development opportunities. Lyons is to receive 1
000
000 shares of common stock
 half upon signing the agreement and half three months later. These shares were valued at $191
600
 or $0.1916 per share
 the quoted market price on the agreement date. This amount was recorded in prepaid expenses and is being amortized over the term of the agreement. $37
236 was amortized in 2017.






NUTRAFUELS
 INC.



 continued




 the amount of the ultimate liability with respect to those actions will not materially affect the Company&#146;s financial position or results of operations.






 which may
 at times
 may exceed federally insured limits. The Company had no cash balance in excess of FDIC insured limits at December 31
 2017 and 2016.



















 the Company carried out an evaluation
 with the participation of the Company&#146;s management
 including the Company&#146;s President
 Chief Financial Officer
 Secretary
 Treasurer and Director
 of the effectiveness of the Company&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation
 the Company&#146;s CEO and CFO concluded that the Company&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act
 is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
 within the time periods specified in the SEC&#146;s rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company&#146;s management
 including the Company&#146;s CEO and CFO
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure for the reasons discussed below.




 in general
 provide reasonable assurance to the Company&#146;s management and board regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements
 but because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.&nbsp;


 2017. The framework used by management in making that assessment was the criteria set forth in the document entitled &#147;Internal Control &#150; Integrated Framework&#148; issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on that assessment
 our President and Chief Financial Officer have determined and concluded that
 as of December 31
 2017
 the Company&#146;s internal controls over financial reporting were not effective.


 or a combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting
 such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control our financial reporting as of December 31
 2017
 the Company determined that the following items constituted a material weakness:



 which would provide oversight of the Company&#146;s officers
 operations and financial reporting function;



 which consists of a limited number of personnel
 does not provide adequate segregation of duties; and





 who shall be appointed to a fully functioning audit committee
 will remedy the lack of a functioning audit committee and a lack of a majority of outside directors on our Board. Management plans to take action and implementing improvements to our controls and procedures when our financial position permits.












 fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended December 31
 2017
 that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.



Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance


 and until his successor is elected and qualified
 or until his earlier resignation or removal. Our directors and executive officers are as follows:












Chief Executive Officer
 President
 Director









Edgar Ward
 Chief Executive Officer
 President And Director


 2010 to present
 Edgar Ward has served as our Chief Executive Officer
 President
 and Director. From January 1
 2008
 until June 30
 2010
 Mr. Ward was CEO at SkyRockit Records.




 president and director Mr. Ward brings his experience in managing our day to day operations.

Neil Catania
 Vice President


 2012. From May 2004 until Present
 Neil Catania has been the chief executive officer of MND LLC
 a financial services company located in New York.


 Series 63
 Series 24 and Series 55 licenses from the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (&#147;FINRA&#148;).













 director
 or persons nominated for such positions
 promoter or significant employee has been involved in the last ten (10) years in any of the following:






 judgment
 or decree
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
 permanently or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business
 securities or banking activities;


 the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law
 and the judgment has not been reversed
 suspended
 or vacated;


 administrative agency
 or administrative court impose an administrative finding
 order
 decree
 or sanction against them as a result of their involvement in any type of business
 securities
 or banking activity;


 securities
 or banking activity; and/or&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;


 securities
 or banking activity.








 President
 and sole Director
 Edgar Ward devotes his full time to our business under the terms of his employment contract.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our only other executive officer
 Neal Catania is not obligated to commit his full time and attention to our business; accordingly
 he may encounter a conflict of interest in allocating his time between our operations and those of other businesses. Neal Catania only devotes ten (10) hours each month to our business and is not contractually required to devote full time services to us. In the future
 our officers and directors may engage in other business activities
 investments and business opportunities that may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as other entities to which they owe a fiduciary duty. As a result
 they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Our officers and directors may also in the future become affiliated with entities
 engaged in business activities similar to those we intend to conduct. In general
 officers and directors of a corporation are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if:











 at the latest prior to our stock being listed on an exchange that requires us to have a formal Code of Ethics.









 Compensation
 and Nominating or Governance Committees as standing committees. The Board does not have an executive committee or any committees performing a similar function. We are not currently listed on a national securities exchange or in an inter-dealer quotation system that has requirements that a majority of the board of directors be independent. The Board has determined that no members of the Board are &#147;independent&#148; under the definition set forth in the listing standards of the NASDAQ Stock Market
 Inc.
 which is the definition that the Board has chosen to use for the purposes of the determining independence. Therefore
 none of our current Board members are independent.






 earned by
 or paid to our Principal Executive Officer
 our two (2) most highly compensated executive officers who occupied such position at the end of our latest fiscal year that they were not executive officers at the end of our latest fiscal year
 by us
 or by any third party where the purpose of a transaction was to furnish compensation
 for all services rendered in all capacities to us for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2017.














Chief Executive Officer
 President




$115
295

500
$240
000

637
642








$355
295

819
142.4









500
$120
000









$120
000

500




 2017
 February 13
 2017
 and December 1
 2016
 Edgar Ward received 6
674
837; 7
220
585 and 4
000
000 restricted common shares which we valued at a per share price of $1.27; $1.44 and $0.06 or an aggregate of $8
464
463; $10
376
614.63 and $240
000 for services rendered to us. For the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2017
 Edgar Ward received $115
295 and $81
500 in cash compensation
 respectively.


 2016
 Mr. Catania received 2
000
000 restricted shares which we valued at a per share price of $0.06 or an aggregate of $120
000 for services rendered to us for the period from January 1
 2014 through December 31
 2016.




 whether services are provided on a full-time basis and the experience and level of skill required.













 the change of vesting or forfeiture conditions
 the change or elimination of applicable performance criteria
 or the change of the bases upon which returns are determined);


 goal or condition to payout with respect to any amount included in non-stock incentive plan compensation or payouts;












 Compensation
 and Nominating or Governance Committees as standing committees. The Board does not have an executive committee or any committees performing a similar function. We are not currently listed on a national securities exchange or in an inter- dealer quotation system that has requirements that a majority of the board of directors be independent. Our Sole Director has determined that he is not &#147;independent&#148; under the definition set forth in the listing standards of the NASDAQ Stock Market
 Inc.
 which is the definition that the Board has chosen to use for the purposes of the determining independence
 as the OTC Markets does not provide such a definition. Therefore
 our Sole Director is not independent.






 as of April 16
 2018
 of our common stock by each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent (5%) of our outstanding common stock
 our directors
 and our executive officers and directors as a group. To the best of our knowledge
 the persons named have sole voting and investment power with respect to such shares
 except as otherwise noted. There are not any pending or anticipated arrangements that may cause a change in control. The information presented below regarding beneficial ownership of our voting securities has been presented in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not necessarily indicative of ownership for any other purpose. Under these rules
 a person is deemed to be a &quot;beneficial owner&quot; of a security if that person has or shares the power to vote or direct the voting of the security or the power to dispose or direct the disposition of the security. A person is deemed to own beneficially any security as to which such person has the right to acquire sole or shared voting or investment power within sixty (60) days through the conversion or exercise of any convertible security
 warrant
 option or other right. More than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities. The percentage of beneficial ownership by any person as of a particular date is calculated by dividing the number of shares beneficially owned by such person
 which includes the number of shares as to which such person has the right to acquire voting or investment power within sixty (60) days
 by the sum of the number of shares outstanding as of such date plus the number of shares as to which such person has the right to acquire voting or investment power within sixty (60) days. Consequently
 the denominator used for calculating such percentage may be different for each beneficial owner. Except as otherwise indicated below and under applicable community property laws
 we believe that the beneficial owners of our common stock listed below have sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown. The business address for these shareholders is 6601 Lyons Road
 Suite L-6
 Coconut Creek Florida 33037.


















Edgar Ward
 Chief Executive Officer
 Sole Director
23
744
084
23
744
084
1
000
000(3)
24
744
084



Neil Catania
 Vice President
8
770
571
8
770
571

8
770
571




10
569
009
10
569
009

10
569
009




4
107
511
4
107
511

4
107
511




32
514
655
32
514
655
1
000
000
33
514
655



Edgar Ward
 Chief Executive Officer
 Sole Director
1
000
1
000





Neil Catania
 Vice President








1
000
1
000






467
720 common shares outstanding
 as of April 16
 2018.

744
084 common shares directly
 1
000
000 shares indirectly and 1
000 Series A Preferred Shares
 he holds approximately 90% of the votes on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders.

000
0000 shares held by Nicole Archon
 Mr. Ward&#146;s live-in girlfriend and a company employee which were issued on December 1
 2016 to Ms. Archon for services rendered to us.

Item 13. &nbsp;&nbsp;Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.


 2010
 we sold five percent (5%) of our membership interests and on October 18
 2010
 we sold 11.5% membership interests to Neil Catania in exchange for payment of $65
000.


 2012
 we entered into a note agreement with Neil Catania with a principal amount of $160
000. The note bears interest at the rate of 10% per annum. On January 4
 2017
 the note had an aggregate of $335
587 principal and interest outstanding which was converted into 1
342
349 restricted common shares on such date.


 2012
 we issued 4
607
100 shares of our common stock to Edgar Ward in exchange for membership interests when we converted from a Florida limited liability company to a Florida corporation.


 2012
 we issued 1
000 shares of our non-convertible Series A Preferred Shares to Mr. Ward which entitle him to 500
000 votes per share or an aggregate of 500
000
000 on all matters submitted to our common stockholders. We valued the 1
000 Series A shares at $1.00 per share or an aggregate of $1
000. As a result of Mr. Ward&#146;s ownership of 17
069
247 common shares and 1
000 Series A preferred shares he holds an aggregate of 517
069
247 votes representing approximately 90% of the votes on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders.







 2012
 Mr. Catania exchanged his 16.5% membership interests for 2
625
000 of our common shares when we converted from a limited liability company to a corporation. On May 17
 2013
 we issued 428
571 common shares.


 2013
 we entered into a note agreement with Neil Catania with a principal amount of $50
000. The note bears interest at the rate of 10% per annum.


 2013
 we issued 714
285 shares and on September 3
 2013
 we issued 1
000
000 shares to Edgar Ward for services rendered which we valued at $.35 per share.


 2013
 we issued an additional 350
000 common shares to Neil Catania which we valued at $.35 per share
 for services.


 2016
 we issued 2
000
000 Common Shares to Neil Catania for services rendered.


 2016
 we issued 1
000
000 shares to Nicole Archon
 the girlfriend who resides with our Chief Executive Officer
 for services rendered. We valued these shares at $0.06 per share or an aggregate of $60
000.00.


 2016
 March 3
 2017 and November 27
 2017
 we issued 4
000
000; 7
220
585 and 6
674
837 common shares to Edgar Ward for services rendered to us. We valued these shares at $0.06; $1.44 and $1.27 per share or an aggregate of $240
000; $10
376
614.63 and $8
464
463
 respectively.


 2017
 the note had an aggregate of $103
663 principal and interest outstanding which was converted into 414
641 restricted common shares on such date. In March 2013
 we entered into a line of credit agreement with Neil Catania with a principal amount of $405
000. The note bears interest at the rate of 0% per annum.


 2017
 Neil Catania converted principal and accrued interest due in the amount of $841
750 pursuant to a November 15
 2012 and July 26
 2016 convertible notes and a December 31
 2013 line of credit into our common shares at the price of $.25 per share or an aggregate of 3
367
000 shares. On December 1
 2016
 we issued 2
000
000 shares to Neil Catania
 VP of the Company
 for services rendered. We valued these shares at $0.06 per share or an aggregate of $120
000.00.


 2017
 the note had an aggregate of $432
500 principal outstanding which was converted into 1
750
000 restricted common shares on such date.


 2017
 we entered into an employment agreement with Edgar Ward
 our Chief Executive Officer
 President and Director. The agreement has a term of five (5) years. Under the agreement
 each year
 Mr. Ward shall receive a base salary of two hundred fifty thousand Dollars ($250
000.00) per year beginning with the year ending December 31
 2017
 and a bonus of one hundred thousand ($100
000.00) each year for his services as our President and Director. We are required to reimburse all normal
 usual and necessary expenses incurred by Mr. Ward in furtherance of the business
 including reasonable travel and entertainment. Mr. Ward is entitled to a vacation of twenty-four (24) days per annum
 in addition to holidays observed by the US. Mr. Ward is entitled to annual bonuses as determined by our Board of Directors.


 2017
 we sold 200
000 units to Breadfruit Tree Inc.
 a Florida corporation
 doing business as NF Skin
 our distributor
 and controlled by F. Bruce Hutson
 for the aggregate price of $20
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $0.50 at any time until the two (2) year anniversary of the date of the investment. 


 2016
 we issued Josh Zwagil 244
514 restricted common shares for new business development services. We valued these shares at $0.11 per share
 or an aggregate of $26
896. Josh Zwagil holds all shares he received. Mr. Zwagil controls My Daily Choice
 our distributor. 








 we have not entered into any material transactions with any director
 executive officer
 and promoter
 beneficial owner of five percent (5%) or more of our common stock
 or family members of such persons in the prior two (2) years.





For our fiscal years ended December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2017
 we were billed approximately $2
000 and $45
046 respectively
 for professional services rendered for the audit and reviews of our financial statements.




 other than the fees discussed in Audit Fees
 above
 for services related to our audit for the fiscal years ended December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2017.












 our Board of Directors performs the duties of an audit committee. Our Board of Directors evaluates and approves in advance the scope and cost of the engagement of an auditor before the auditor renders the audit and non-audit services. We do not rely on pre-approval policies and procedures.









&nbsp;Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules




Articles of Organization of Nutrafuels
 LLC
 a Florida Limited Liability Company (i)





Articles of Incorporation of Nutrafuels
 Inc.
 a Florida Corporation (i)





Bylaws of Nutrafuels
 Inc (ii) 


Employment Agreement with Edgar Ward
 dated October 10
 2017 (i)


Agreement with Neil Catania dated October 9
 2017 (i)


Agreement with JZ Marketing &#150; Josh Zwagil
 dated August 16
 2017 (i)


Agreement with Patagonia Global Trading &#150; David Zirulnikoff
 dated December 7
 2015 (i)














Agreement with Michael R. Anderson
 dated April 10
 2017 (i)


Agreement with Kenneth Duchin
 dated February 23
 2017 (i)


Agreement with CFN Media
 dated December 5
 2016 (i)





Agreement with Venture Capital Group LLC
 dated December 14
 2016 (i)





Agreement with Peter Ciarci
 dated August 1
 2015 (i)


Agreement with Five Star Labs LLC
 dated August 1
 2015 (i) 


Agreement with Osprey Capital Advisors
 dated October 1
 2015 (i)


Agreement with WT Consulting
 dated July 18
 2015 (i)


Agreement with Uptick Capital
 dated October 14
 2014 (i)


Agreement with Benchmark Advisory Partners LLC
 dated April 14
 2015(i)


Agreement with Sullivan Media
 dated August 25
 2015 (i)


Neil Catania Note Agreement in the amount of $160
000 (i)


Neil Catania Note Agreement in the amount of $50
000 (i)


Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002(ii)


Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002(ii)








 2017.












 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.


 2018

NutraFuels
 Inc.




Chief Financial Officer
 Principal Financial Officer


 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.








 Principal Financial Officer

 2018




















 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.



	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

 Inc. (We


 2017 or 2016.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:.5in&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;d) Inventories&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Inventories are stated at cost utilizing the weighted average method of valuation and consist of raw materials and finished goods.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;e) Property and Equipment &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;All property and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated over their estimated useful lives
 generally three
 seven and twelve years
 using the straight-line method.&amp;#160; Upon sale or retirement
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are eliminated from their respective accounts
 and the resulting gain or loss is included in the results of operations. Repairs and maintenance charges
 which do not increase the useful lives of the assets
 are charged to operations as incurred. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:.5in&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;f) Revenue Recognition&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s financial statements are prepared under the accrual method of accounting. Revenues are recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 services have been rendered
 the sales price is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. This occurs only when the product is ordered and subsequently shipped.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:.5in&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;g) Income Taxes &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The Company follows the provisions of ASC 740 10
 Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions. When tax returns are filed
 it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities
 while others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740 10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet the more likely than not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;As of December 31
 2017
 the tax years 2016 and 2015 for the Company remains open for IRS audit. The Company has received no notice of audit or any notifications from the IRS for any of the open tax years.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:.5in&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;h) Net Loss Per Share &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Basic loss per share excludes dilution and is computed by dividing the loss attributable to stockholders by the weighted-average number of shares outstanding for the period. Diluted loss per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock or resulted in the issuance of common stock that shared in the earnings of the Company.&amp;#160; Diluted loss per share is computed by dividing the loss available to stockholders by the weighted average number of shares outstanding for the year and dilutive potential shares outstanding unless consideration of such dilutive potential shares would result in anti-dilution.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;i)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt; Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;FASB ASC 820 &lt;font style=&apos;font-family:WP TypographicSymbols&apos;&gt;A&lt;/font&gt;Fair Value Measurement&lt;font style=&apos;font-family:WP TypographicSymbols&apos;&gt;@&lt;/font&gt; clarifies that fair value is an exit price
 representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. It also requires disclosure about how fair value is determined for assets and liabilities and establishes a hierarchy for which these assets and liabilities must be grouped
 based on significant levels of inputs as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:.5in&apos;&gt;Level 1: Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Level 2: Quoted prices in active markets for similar assets and liabilities and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Level 3: Unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data
 which require the reporting entity to develop its own assumptions.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The determination of where assets and liabilities fall within this hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The carrying value of the Company&amp;#146;s current financial instruments
 which include cash and cash equivalents
 accounts payable
 accrued liabilities and indebtedness approximates their fair values because of the short term maturities and variable rates of interest of these instruments.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;j) Impairment of Long Lived Assets&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;A long lived asset is tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that its carrying value amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized when the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows resulting from its use and eventual disposition. The impairment loss is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the long lived assets exceeds its fair value. There were no impairments recognized during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;k) Related Party Transactions&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;All transactions with related parties are in the normal course of operations and are measured at the exchange amount.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;l) Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014 09
 &lt;font style=&apos;font-family:WP TypographicSymbols&apos;&gt;A&lt;/font&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers
&lt;font style=&apos;font-family:WP TypographicSymbols&apos;&gt;@&lt;/font&gt; which requires companies to identify contractual performance obligations and determine whether revenue should be recognized at a point in time or over time based on when control of goods and services transfer to a customer. As a result
 we do not expect significant changes in the presentation of our financial statements. This ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 including interim periods within that reporting period
 and entities are permitted to apply either prospectively or retrospectively; early adoption is permitted. We do not expect adoption of this guidance to have a material effect on our financial position
 results of operations and cash flows.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016 02
 &lt;font style=&apos;font-family:WP TypographicSymbols&apos;&gt;A&lt;/font&gt;Leases&lt;font style=&apos;font-family:WP TypographicSymbols&apos;&gt;@&lt;/font&gt; which
 for operating leases
 requires a lessee to recognize a right of use asset and a lease liability
 initially measured at the present value of the lease payments
 in its balance sheet. The standard also requires a lessee to recognize a single lease cost
 calculated so that the cost of the lease is allocated over the lease term
 on a generally straight line basis. The ASU is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018


 which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. We sustained a net loss of approximately $23.6 and $2.1 million for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 and have an accumulated deficit of approximately $32.8 million at December 31
 2017. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The independent auditors&amp;#146; report on our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 contain explanatory paragraphs expressing substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Failure to successfully continue to grow operational revenues could harm our profitability and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We face all of the risks inherent in a new business
 including the need for significant additional capital
 management&amp;#146;s potential underestimation of initial and ongoing costs
 and potential delays and other problems in connection with establishing sales channels.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;We are continuing our plan to further grow and expand operations and seek sources of capital to pay our contractual obligations as they come due. Management believes that its current operating strategy will provide the opportunity for us to continue as a going concern as long as we are able to obtain additional financing; however


 2014
 we issued a $290
000 convertible note.&amp;#160; The note bore interest at 10%
 with an initial maturity of March 26
 2015 (subsequently amended to January 15
 2016)
 and was convertible into shares of our common stock at $1.00 per share.&amp;#160; The investor also received warrants to purchase 500
000 shares of our common stock at $0.50 per share with a two year exercise term.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;We evaluated the warrants for derivative accounting consideration under ASC Topic 815 40
 Derivatives and Hedging &lt;font style=&apos;font-family:WP TypographicSymbols&apos;&gt;B&lt;/font&gt; Contracts in Entity&amp;#146;s own stock
 and concluded that the warrants meet the criteria for classification in shareholders&amp;#146; equity.&amp;#160; We allocated the proceeds received to the debt
 stock
 and warrants based on their relative fair values.&amp;#160; We determined the fair value of the warrants using a Black Scholes option pricing model.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On June 23
 2014
 we issued a $30
000 convertible note.&amp;#160; The note bore interest at 10%
 matures on June 23
 2015
 and was convertible into shares of our Company at $1.00 per share. Because the market price for our common stock on the date of the note exceeded the note&amp;#146;s conversion price of $1.00 per share
 we recognized a beneficial conversion feature of $21
600 as a discount on the note.&amp;#160; The discount was being amortized as additional interest over the life of the note.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;We evaluated the conversion features embedded in the two notes payable described above for derivative accounting in accordance with ASC 815 40
 Derivatives and Hedging embedded in the modified notes payable for derivative accounting in accordance with the criteria for classification in shareholders&amp;#146; equity.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On August 27
 2014
 we issued a $50
000 convertible note.&amp;#160; The note bore interest at 10%
 had an initial maturity of January 2
 2015 (subsequently extended to January 15
 2016)
 and was convertible into shares of our common stock at $1.00 per share.&amp;#160; The investor also received 50
000 shares of our common stock.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;During October 2014
 we issued a $60
000 convertible note.&amp;#160; The note bore interest at 10%
 had an initial maturity of November 2
 2014 (subsequently extended to January 15
 2016) and was convertible into shares of our common stock at $1.00 per share. The investor also received 150
000 shares of our common stock.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;In February 2015
 we sold 25
000 units to an investor in exchange for $25
000. The 25
000 units consist of: (i) 25
000 shares of our common stock; (ii) 2 year options to purchase 25
000 shares of our common stock at $0.20
 and (iii) a 2 year convertible promissory note in the amount of $25
000. The note is non interest bearing and was convertible into shares of our common stock at the higher of (a) twenty-five cents ($.25) or (b) fifty percent (50%) of the average closing price of our shares as reported by the OTC Markets for the 10 trading days prior to the day of conversion.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The conversion rights embedded in the note are accounted for as a derivative financial instrument because of the beneficial conversion feature embedded therein.&amp;#160; The beneficial conversion feature was valued and recorded at the date of issuance at fair value
 and recorded as a debt discount. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;In April 2015
 we sold 250
000 units to an investor in exchange for $250
000.&amp;#160; The 250
000 units consist of: (i) 250
000 shares of our common stock; (ii) 2 year options to purchase 250
000 shares of our common stock at $0.20
 and (iii) a 2 year convertible promissory note in the amount of $250
000. The note bore 10% interest and was convertible into shares of our common stock at the higher of (a) twenty-five cents ($.25) or (b) fifty percent (50%) of the average closing price of our shares as reported by the OTC Markets for the 10 trading days prior to the day of conversion. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The conversion rights embedded in the note are accounted for as a derivative financial instrument because of the beneficial conversion feature embedded therein. The beneficial conversion feature was valued and recorded at the date of issuance at fair value
 and recorded as a debt discount. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;In August 2015
 we entered into convertible promissory notes with four individual investors for a total amount of $95
000.&amp;#160; The notes were interest bearing at a fixed rate of ten percent (10%) and were convertible into shares at $0.10 per share.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;In August 2016
 we extended the maturity of our $100
000 promissory note to August 26
 2017.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;In April 2016 we entered into a one year 10% note for $38
000 cash
 which included the issuance of 100
000 shares of common stock
 valued at $14
000. We paid this loan back in full in June 2016.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;In June 2016 we entered into two one year 10% notes for $47
000 cash
 which included the issuance of 90
000 shares of common stock
 valued at $9
900. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;In June 2016 we entered into a short term 10% note for $25
000 cash
 which included the issuance of 70
000 shares of common stock
 valued at $7
700. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;In July 2016 we entered into two one year 10% notes for $35
000 cash
 which included the issuance of 35
000 shares of common stock
 valued at $4
588. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;In the third quarter 2016 we entered into two short term 10% notes for $75
000 cash
 which included the issuance of 350
000 shares of common stock
 valued at $21
500. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;In the fourth quarter 2016 we entered into two short term 10% notes for $125
000 cash
 which included the issuance of 400
000 shares of common stock
 valued at $23
000. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;During 2016 we issued 2
347
285 shares of common stock for the conversion of debt and accrued interest totaling $234
849 and recorded an induced conversion expenses of $141
300 for debt that was converted at less than the stated conversion rate.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;In January 2017 we issued 10
129
942 shares of common stock for the conversion of debt and accrued interest totaling $2
403
343 and recorded an induced conversion charge of $3
116


 2012
 we issued a $160
000 convertible note. The note bore interest at 10% with an initial maturity of November 15
 2014 (subsequently extended to November 15
 2017)
 and was convertible into shares of our common stock at $1.00 per share.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On February 15
 2013 we issued a $50
000 convertible note.&amp;#160; The note bore interest at 10%
 with original maturity of May 15
 2014 (subsequently modified to November 15
 2017)
 and was convertible into shares of our common stock at $1.00 per share.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;During 2016 we received $102
500 in cash and repaid $73
000 in cash under a non interest bearing line of credit from an officer. During 2017 we repaid the remaining $29
500 in cash.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;In January 2017 we issued 3
367
000 shares of common stock to convert $841


690
000 shares of common stock and 1
690
000 warrants for the future purchase of common stock in exchange for $169
000 in cash. During the first quarter 2016 we issued 75
000 shares of common stock in exchange for services valued at $26
000.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;During the second quarter 2016 we issued 850
000 shares of common stock and 850
000 warrants for the future purchase of common stock in exchange for $85
000 in cash. During the second quarter 2016 we issued 244
514 shares of common stock in exchange for services valued at $26
897. During the second quarter 2016 we issued 260
000 shares of common stock valued at $31
600 as an inducement to the $110
000 of convertible debt we received.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;During the third quarter 2016 we issued 1
650
000 shares of common stock and 1
650
000 warrants for the future purchase of common stock in exchange for $165
000 in cash.&amp;#160; During the third quarter 2016 we issued 285
000 shares of common stock valued at $26
088 as an inducement to the $110
000 of convertible debt we received. During the third quarter 2016 we issued 450
000 shares of common stock for the conversion of $45
000 of convertible debt.&amp;#160; During the third quarter 2016 we issued 25
000 shares of common stock that had not been issued as required in February 2015
 these shares had already been accounted for.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;During the fourth quarter 2016 we issued 1
175
000 shares of common stock and 1
175
000 warrants for the future purchase of common stock in exchange for $117
500 in cash.&amp;#160; During the fourth quarter 2016 we issued 650
000 shares of common stock valued at $23
000 as an inducement to the $125
000 of convertible debt we received. During the fourth quarter 2016 we issued 1
897
500 shares of common stock for the conversion of $191
593 of convertible debt and accrued interest. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On January 13
 2017 we entered into an employment agreement with our President which includes an anti dilution provision which requires us to maintain his share ownership in our Company at 30%
 reduced by any shares he sells. These shares are required to be issued on January 2 of each year. On February 13
 2017 we issued 7
220
585 shares associated with the anti dilution rights
 which were valued at $10
453
315. In November 2017
 we issued 6
674
837 shares associated with the anti dilution rights
 which were valued at $8
464
463. This employment agreement was amended on October 10
 2017
 to remove the anti dilution provision.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;In the first quarter 2017 we issued 6
762
942 shares of common stock to convert $1
561
593 of convertible debt and accrued interest and 3
367
000 shares of common stock to convert $841
750 of debt and accrued interest to a related party. In February 2017 we issued 25
000 shares of common stock in exchange for $5
000 in cash for the exercise of options. During the first quarter 2017 we issued 6
957
285 shares of common stock and 6
957
285 warrants to purchase our common stock in exchange for $774
500 in cash.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;During the second quarter 2017 we issued 1
850
000 shares of common stock and 1
850
000 warrants to purchase our common stock in exchange for $370
000 in cash. During the second quarter 2017 we issued 250
000 shares of common stock in exchange for $50
000 in cash for an option exercise.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;During the third quarter 2017 we issued 900
000 shares of common stock in exchange for $180


 our warrants and options outstanding are:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;144&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:1.5in;border:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;line-height:6.0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;By Exercise Price:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:1.0in;border-top:solid white 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;line-height:6.0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-left:none;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;line-height:6.0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border-top:solid white 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;line-height:6.0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;144&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:1.5in;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-top:none;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;line-height:6.0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;Options - $0.20&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:1.0in;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; -&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; 275
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;144&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:1.5in;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-top:none;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;line-height:6.0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;Warrants - $0.35&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:1.0in;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; 1
850
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; -&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;144&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:1.5in;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-top:none;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;line-height:6.0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;Warrants - $0.50&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:1.0in;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; 14
342
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; 7
867
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;144&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:1.5in;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-top:none;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;line-height:6.0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;Warrants - $0.75&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:1.0in;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; 114
286&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; -&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;144&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:1.5in;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-top:none;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;line-height:6.0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;Warrants - $1.00&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:1.0in;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; 124
999&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; -&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;144&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:1.5in;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-top:none;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;line-height:6.0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;Total outstanding&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:1.0in;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; 16
431
285&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; 8
142
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The 275
000 options outstanding at December 31
 2016
 were exercised in 2017 for $55
000 in cash. We issued 9
707
285 warrants during 2017 included with shares in units issued for $1
324
500 in cash. 1
143


 2017 and 2016:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;276&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:207.0pt;border:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;line-height:6.0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;90&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:67.5pt;border-top:solid white 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;line-height:6.0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-left:none;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;line-height:6.0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;90&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:67.5pt;border-top:solid white 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;line-height:6.0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;276&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:207.0pt;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-top:none;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;line-height:6.0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;Current&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;90&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:67.5pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; $&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; -&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;90&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:67.5pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; $&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; -&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;276&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:207.0pt;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-top:none;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;line-height:6.0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;Deferred&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;90&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:67.5pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; $&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; -&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;border:none;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;90&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:67.5pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; $&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; -&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;276&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:207.0pt;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-top:none;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;line-height:6.0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160; Total tax provision&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;90&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:67.5pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; $&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; -&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;border:none;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;90&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:67.5pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; $&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; -&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;The following is a reconciliation of the effective income tax rate with the statutory income tax rate at December 31
 2017 and 2016:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;270&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:202.5pt;border:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border-top:solid white 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;17&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:12.95pt;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-left:none;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;border-top:solid white 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;270&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:202.5pt;border:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;U.S. Federal statutory income tax rate&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-left:none;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right&apos;&gt;(21.0)%&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:13.5pt;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-left:none;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-left:none;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right&apos;&gt;(34.0)%&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;270&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:202.5pt;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-top:none;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;State income tax
 net of federal benefit&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right&apos;&gt;(1.9)%&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:13.5pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right&apos;&gt;(1.9)%&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:19.6pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;270&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:202.5pt;border:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.25pt 0in 5.25pt;height:19.6pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;Temporary differences
 net&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-left:none;padding:0in 5.25pt 0in 5.25pt;height:19.6pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.0%&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;17&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:12.95pt;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-left:none;padding:0in 5.25pt 0in 5.25pt;height:19.6pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-left:none;padding:0in 5.25pt 0in 5.25pt;height:19.6pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.0%&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;270&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:202.5pt;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-top:none;padding:0in 5.25pt 0in 5.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.25pt 0in 5.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right&apos;&gt;22.9%&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;17&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:12.95pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.25pt 0in 5.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.25pt 0in 5.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right&apos;&gt;35.%&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;270&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:202.5pt;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-top:none;padding:0in 5.25pt 0in 5.25pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;Effective tax rate&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.25pt 0in 5.25pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.0%&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;17&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:12.95pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.25pt 0in 5.25pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.25pt 0in 5.25pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.0%&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;line-height:11.0pt&apos;&gt;The net deferred tax assets and liabilities included in the financial statements consist of the following amounts at December 31
 2017 and 2016:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;264&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:2.75in;border:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deferred tax assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;90&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:67.5pt;border-top:solid white 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;line-height:6.0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:13.5pt;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-left:none;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;line-height:6.0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border-top:solid white 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;line-height:6.0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;264&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:2.75in;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-top:none;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;Net operating loss carry forwards&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;90&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:67.5pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160; 4
194
726&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:13.5pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;$&amp;#160; 3
079
075&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;264&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:2.75in;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-top:none;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;Stock based compensation&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;90&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:67.5pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; 4
381
662&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:13.5pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; 207
859&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;264&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:2.75in;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-top:none;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;Other&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;90&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:67.5pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; -&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:13.5pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; 647&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;264&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:2.75in;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-top:none;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;Less: valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;90&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:67.5pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; (8
577
388)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:13.5pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160; (2
872
726)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;264&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:2.75in;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-top:none;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;Total&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;90&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:67.5pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; 0&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:13.5pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; 414
855&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;264&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:2.75in;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-top:none;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deferred tax liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;90&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:67.5pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:13.5pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;264&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:2.75in;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-top:none;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;Stock based compensation&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;90&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:67.5pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; -&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:13.5pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; (414
855)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;264&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:2.75in;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-top:none;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;Depreciation&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;90&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:67.5pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; -&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:13.5pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; -&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;264&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:2.75in;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-top:none;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;Net deferred tax asset&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;90&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:67.5pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; -&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:13.5pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; -&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;line-height:11.0pt&apos;&gt;The change in valuation allowance was $6
119
517 and $752
829 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively. We recorded a 100% valuation allowance related to the deferred tax asset for the loss from operations. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the period in which temporary differences become deductible.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;line-height:11.0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;line-height:11.0pt&apos;&gt;In accordance with the provisions of ASC 740: Income Taxes
 we record a liability for uncertain tax positions when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. At December 31
 2017 and 2016
 we have no liabilities for uncertain tax positions. We continually evaluate expiring statutes of limitations
 audits
 proposed settlements


 Florida. The lease expires in February 2018. The minimum monthly lease payments required for the remaining term of the lease are $7
360.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;line-height:11.0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;line-height:11.0pt&apos;&gt;In June 2017 we entered into a new lease for a new additional facility located in Deerfield Beach
 Florida. This lease begins on January 1
 2018 and expires on March 1
 2025. The minimum monthly lease payments required begin at $13
220.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;line-height:11.0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-indent:.5in;line-height:11.0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;b) Contractual Obligations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;line-height:11.0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;line-height:11.0pt&apos;&gt;In November 2017
 we entered into a six-month agreement with Lyons Capital
 LLC to provide introductions to broker/dealers
 private funds
 Investment bankers
 potential BOD members
 stock research firms
 market makers and business development opportunities. Lyons is to receive 1
000
000 shares of common stock
 half upon signing the agreement and half three months later. These shares were valued at $191
600
 or $0.1916 per share
 the quoted market price on the agreement date. This amount was recorded in prepaid expenses and is being amortized over the term of the agreement. $37
236 was amortized in 2017.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;line-height:11.0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-indent:.5in;line-height:11.0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;c) Other&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;line-height:11.0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;line-height:11.0pt&apos;&gt;The Company is subject to asserted claims and liabilities that arise in the ordinary course of business. The Company maintains insurance policies to mitigate potential losses from these actions. In the opinion of management


 which may
 at times
 may exceed federally insured limits. The Company had no cash balance in excess of FDIC insured limits at December 31

	
	


	

 generally three
 seven and twelve years
 using the straight-line method.&amp;#160; Upon sale or retirement
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are eliminated from their respective accounts
 and the resulting gain or loss is included in the results of operations. Repairs and maintenance charges
 which do not increase the useful lives of the assets


 services have been rendered
 the sales price is fixed or determinable


 Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions. When tax returns are filed
 it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities
 while others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740 10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet the more likely than not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;As of December 31
 2017

	

 representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. It also requires disclosure about how fair value is determined for assets and liabilities and establishes a hierarchy for which these assets and liabilities must be grouped
 based on significant levels of inputs as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:.5in&apos;&gt;Level 1: Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Level 2: Quoted prices in active markets for similar assets and liabilities and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Level 3: Unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data
 which require the reporting entity to develop its own assumptions.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The determination of where assets and liabilities fall within this hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The carrying value of the Company&amp;#146;s current financial instruments
 which include cash and cash equivalents
 accounts payable



	

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014 09
 &lt;font style=&apos;font-family:WP TypographicSymbols&apos;&gt;A&lt;/font&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers
&lt;font style=&apos;font-family:WP TypographicSymbols&apos;&gt;@&lt;/font&gt; which requires companies to identify contractual performance obligations and determine whether revenue should be recognized at a point in time or over time based on when control of goods and services transfer to a customer. As a result
 we do not expect significant changes in the presentation of our financial statements. This ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 including interim periods within that reporting period
 and entities are permitted to apply either prospectively or retrospectively; early adoption is permitted. We do not expect adoption of this guidance to have a material effect on our financial position
 results of operations and cash flows.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016 02
 &lt;font style=&apos;font-family:WP TypographicSymbols&apos;&gt;A&lt;/font&gt;Leases&lt;font style=&apos;font-family:WP TypographicSymbols&apos;&gt;@&lt;/font&gt; which
 for operating leases
 requires a lessee to recognize a right of use asset and a lease liability
 initially measured at the present value of the lease payments
 in its balance sheet. The standard also requires a lessee to recognize a single lease cost
 calculated so that the cost of the lease is allocated over the lease term
 on a generally straight line basis. The ASU is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018


000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;144&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:1.5in;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-top:none;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;line-height:6.0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;Warrants - $0.35&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:1.0in;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; 1
850
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; -&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;144&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:1.5in;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-top:none;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;line-height:6.0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;Warrants - $0.50&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:1.0in;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; 14
342
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; 7
867
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;144&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:1.5in;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-top:none;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;line-height:6.0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;Warrants - $0.75&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:1.0in;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; 114
286&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; -&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;144&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:1.5in;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-top:none;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;line-height:6.0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;Warrants - $1.00&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:1.0in;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; 124
999&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; -&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;144&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:1.5in;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-top:none;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;line-height:6.0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;Total outstanding&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:1.0in;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; 16
431
285&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 3.5pt 0in 3.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; 8
142

	

 net of federal benefit&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right&apos;&gt;(1.9)%&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:13.5pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right&apos;&gt;(1.9)%&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:19.6pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;270&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:202.5pt;border:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.25pt 0in 5.25pt;height:19.6pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;Temporary differences


194
726&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:13.5pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;$&amp;#160; 3
079
075&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;264&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:2.75in;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-top:none;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;Stock based compensation&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;90&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:67.5pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; 4
381
662&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:13.5pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; 207
859&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;264&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:2.75in;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-top:none;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;Other&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;90&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:67.5pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; -&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:13.5pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; 647&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;264&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:2.75in;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-top:none;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;Less: valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;90&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:67.5pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; (8
577
388)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:13.5pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160; (2
872
726)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;264&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:2.75in;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-top:none;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;Total&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;90&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:67.5pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; 0&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:13.5pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; 414
855&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;264&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:2.75in;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-top:none;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deferred tax liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;90&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:67.5pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:13.5pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;264&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:2.75in;border:solid white 1.0pt;border-top:none;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;Stock based compensation&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;90&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:67.5pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; -&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:13.5pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid white 1.0pt;border-right:solid white 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.75pt 0in 5.75pt;height:.25in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-bottom:2.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; (414

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


			


			
			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			
			




			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			


			
			




			


			




			


			
			




			


			




			


			
			




			


			




			


			
			




			


			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			




			


			
			




			


			
			



		


		




				


				




		






















 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.











				
				
				



 Stock Options

				
				
				




				
				
				



 Stock Options

				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				




				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				




				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				























































































 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.


		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.shopnutrafuels.com/20171231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt












































































































 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.


		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.shopnutrafuels.com/20171231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt























































































































































































































































 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.


		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.shopnutrafuels.com/20171231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt








		


		


		


		


		




		


		
		


		





 Value



		


		


		


		


		


		


		




		


		


		




		


		
		


		








		


		
		


		


		




		




		




		


		


		


		




		




















		


		


		






		


		


		


		





 Shares (number of shares)



		






		



 State and Local



		


		




		


		


		




		







 Value



		


		


		


		


		






		


		


		


		


		





 Shares (number of shares)



		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		




		






		
		





 Value











		


		
		


		






		



 Net of Valuation Allowance



		


		






		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		










		


		





 Percentage Bearing Fixed Interest



		



 Stock Options



		


		





 Shares (number of shares)



		







 Deferred Tax Asset
 Increase (Decrease)



		


		








		






		




		


		


		


		






		





 Net



		












		
		





 Value















		
		


		






		




		


		





 Shares (number of shares)



		


		
		


		


		
		


		


		






		





 related parties






 Value



		
		






		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		




		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		





 Shares (number of shares)



		


		


		






		
		






		


		


		


		




		




		


		




		


		
		


		


		


		
		


		


		






		










		








		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		






		


		


		


		


		


		




		
		


		


		


		


		


		















 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.


		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.shopnutrafuels.com/20171231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt


















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002(II)











PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350





 Edgar Ward
 certify that:


 INC. Inc. for the period ending December 31
 2017;


 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report;


 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this quarterly report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this quarterly report;




 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared;


 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;


 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting;


 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):


 process
 summarize and report financial information; and


 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal controls over financial reporting.


 2018


Chief Executive Officer
(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer)













 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002(II)











PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350





 INC
 (the &#147;Company&#148;) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 Edgar Ward
 President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 certifies
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:




 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.


 2018




Principal Financial Officer)


 or other document authenticating
 acknowledging
 or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.



















							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2017
Jun. 30
 2017

























  2017


























Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding

448
561

































































If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





NUTRAFUELS
 INC. - Balance Sheets - USD ($)
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016













948


123






194


404






460


040






602


577











Furniture
 fixtures and equipment


005


447






842


285






847


732






317)


842)



Property and equipment
 net


530


890






132


467














504


335






105


492








996



Convertible debt
 net




132
251



Convertible debt
 related party




000



Notes payable
 related party




000






609


013






















144


589






411
300


024
608






758
921)


129
804)






523


100
607)






132


467










































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.





















































































Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying amount of debt identified as being convertible into another form of financial instrument (typically the entity's common stock) as of the balance sheet date
 which originally required full repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company.




























The portion of the carrying value of long-term convertible debt as of the balance sheet date that is scheduled to be repaid within one year or in the normal operating cycle if longer. Convertible debt is a financial instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.

























































Amount before accumulated depreciation of equipment commonly used in offices and stores that have no permanent connection to the structure of a building or utilities. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 desks
 chairs
 tables
 and bookcases.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 due to related parties.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016









Preferred Stock
 Par Value






Preferred Stock
 Shares Authorized

000


000



Preferred Stock
 Shares Issued

000


000



Preferred Stock
 Shares Outstanding

000


000



Common Stock
 Par Value






Common Stock
 Shares Authorized

990
000


990
000



Common Stock
 Shares Issued

448
561


890
912



Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding

448
561


890
912

































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





NUTRAFUELS
 INC. - Statements of Operations - USD ($)



Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











790
168


293





055
042


194





126


098












180


619





183
422


196





681
673


509





475


501





060
665


522
825





289
624)


492
727)












951


400












342
161)


444)





339
343)


044)





629
117)


098
771)












629
117)


098
771)












820
863


689
465







Represents the monetary amount of Cost of sales
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Noncash compensation
 during the indicated time period.

























































The difference between the reacquisition price and the net carrying amount of the extinguished debt recognized currently as a component of income in the period of extinguishment
 net of tax.




























The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)





















































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
























































The total expense recognized in the period for promotion
 public relations
 and brand or product advertising.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount of net occupancy expense that may include items
 such as depreciation of facilities and equipment
 lease expenses
 property taxes and property and casualty insurance expense.




























Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.














































































































































The net amount of other operating income and expenses
 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 from items that are associated with the entity's normal revenue producing operations.




























Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period
 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





NUTRAFUELS
 INC. - Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity - USD ($)







Balance
 Value at Dec. 31
 2015



901


494
763


031
033)


533
369)



Balance
 Shares at Dec. 31
 2015

000


014
114









Shares issued for cash
 Value





937




499



Shares issued for cash
 Shares



615
000









Shares issued for services
 Value





425




197



Shares issued for services
 Shares



719
513









Shares issued for issuance of debt
 Value





569




688



Shares issued for issuance of debt
 Shares



195
000









Shares issued for debt conversion
 Value





914




149



Shares issued for debt conversion
 Shares



347
285

















098
771)


098
771)



Balance
 Value at Dec. 31
 2016



589


024
608


129
804)


100
607)



Balance
 Shares at Dec. 31
 2016

000


890
912









Shares issued for cash
 Value





323
529




324
500



Shares issued for cash
 Shares



707
285









Shares issued for services
 Value



419


030
458




031
877



Shares issued for services
 Shares



195
422









Shares issued for debt conversion
 Value



013


613
858




614
871



Shares issued for debt conversion
 Shares



129
942

















629
117)


629
117)



Shares issued upon exercise of options
 Value





973




000



Shares issued upon exercise of options
 Shares



000









Shares issued for prepaid services
 Value





875




000



Shares issued for prepaid services
 Shares



250
000









Balance
 Value at Dec. 31
 2017



144


411
300


758
920)


523



Balance
 Shares at Dec. 31
 2017

000


448
561













Represents the Shares issued for cash
 Shares (number of shares)
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Shares issued for cash
 Value
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Shares issued for debt conversion
 Shares (number of shares)
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Shares issued for debt conversion
 Value
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Shares issued for issuance of debt
 Shares (number of shares)
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Shares issued for issuance of debt
 Value
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Shares issued for prepaid services
 Shares (number of shares)
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Shares issued for prepaid services
 Value
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Shares issued upon exercise of options
 Shares (number of shares)
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Shares issued upon exercise of options
 Value
 during the indicated time period.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.




























Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.




























Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





NUTRAFUELS
 INC. - Statements of Changes in Cash Flows - USD ($)



Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











629
117)


098
771)












019
277


196





475


501





691







876


128





116
500


300





















000





790)


023





232


230





169


707)





387)


233





996)







018
070)


705)












115)


306)





115)


306)












324
500


500





000









000



Cash proceeds from debt issuance
 related parties



500







000)



Repayment of debt
 related party

500)


000)





350
000


000





815


011)



Cash
 beginning of year

133


144



Cash
 end of year

948


133












043


821














688





614
871


849







Represents the monetary amount of Amortization of stock based comepensation
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Cash proceeds from debt issuance
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Cash proceeds from debt issuance
 related parties
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Options exercised for cash
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Purchase of property and equipment
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Shares issued for the conversion of debt and accrued interest
 during the indicated time period.


















































































































Represents the expense recognized during the period arising from equity-based compensation arrangements (for example
 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.

























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.









































































































































































































The increase (decrease) during the period in the amount of customer money held in customer accounts
 including security deposits
 collateral for a current or future transactions
 initial payment of the cost of acquisition or for the right to enter into a contract or agreement.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
























































Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses
 and assets classified as other.

























































Amount of cash paid for interest. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond attributable to accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.




















































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































The cash outflow for the payment of a long-term borrowing made from a related party where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Payments for Advances from Affiliates.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







NutraFuels
 Inc. (We
 or the Company) is the producer and distributor of nutritional supplements that uses micro molecular formulae and a utilization of an oral spray to provide faster and more efficient absorption.



































The entire disclosure for the nature of an entity's business
 major products or services
 principal markets including location
 and the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination
 including but not limited to
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings. For an entity that has not commenced principal operations
 disclosures about the risks and uncertainties related to the activities in which the entity is currently engaged and an understanding of what those activities are being directed toward.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







Cash equivalents are highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less.&#160; The Company had no cash equivalents at December 31
All property and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated over their estimated useful lives
 generally three
 seven and twelve years
 using the straight-line method.&#160; Upon sale or retirement
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are eliminated from their respective accounts
 and the resulting gain or loss is included in the results of operations. Repairs and maintenance charges
 which do not increase the useful lives of the assets
The Company&#146;s financial statements are prepared under the accrual method of accounting. Revenues are recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 services have been rendered
 the sales price is fixed or determinable
The Company follows the provisions of ASC 740 10
 Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions. When tax returns are filed
 it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities
 while others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740 10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes
As of December 31
 2017
 clarifies that fair value is an exit price
 representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. It also requires disclosure about how fair value is determined for assets and liabilities and establishes a hierarchy for which these assets and liabilities must be grouped
Level 3: Unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data
The determination of where assets and liabilities fall within this hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The carrying value of the Company&#146;s current financial instruments
 which include cash and cash equivalents
 accounts payable
A long lived asset is tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that its carrying value amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized when the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows resulting from its use and eventual disposition. The impairment loss is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the long lived assets exceeds its fair value. There were no impairments recognized during the years ended December 31
In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014 09
Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 which requires companies to identify contractual performance obligations and determine whether revenue should be recognized at a point in time or over time based on when control of goods and services transfer to a customer. As a result
 we do not expect significant changes in the presentation of our financial statements. This ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 including interim periods within that reporting period
 and entities are permitted to apply either prospectively or retrospectively; early adoption is permitted. We do not expect adoption of this guidance to have a material effect on our financial position
In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016 02
 which
 for operating leases
 requires a lessee to recognize a right of use asset and a lease liability
 initially measured at the present value of the lease payments
 in its balance sheet. The standard also requires a lessee to recognize a single lease cost
 calculated so that the cost of the lease is allocated over the lease term
 on a generally straight line basis. The ASU is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The adoption of ASU 2016 02 is expected to result in the recognition of right of use assets and associated obligations on our balance sheet.







The entire disclosure for the basis of presentation and significant accounting policies concepts. Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).  Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







Our financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. We sustained a net loss of approximately $23.6 and $2.1 million for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 and have an accumulated deficit of approximately $32.8 million at December 31
The independent auditors&#146; report on our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31
Failure to successfully continue to grow operational revenues could harm our profitability and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We face all of the risks inherent in a new business
 including the need for significant additional capital
 management&#146;s potential underestimation of initial and ongoing costs
We are continuing our plan to further grow and expand operations and seek sources of capital to pay our contractual obligations as they come due. Management believes that its current operating strategy will provide the opportunity for us to continue as a going concern as long as we are able to obtain additional financing; however
 there is no assurance this will occur. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if we are unable to continue as a going concern.



































The entire disclosure when substantial doubt is raised about the ability to continue as a going concern. Includes
 but is not limited to
 principal conditions or events that raised substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern
 management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to the ability to meet its obligations
 and management's plans that alleviated or are intended to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







On March 26
 2014
 we issued a $290
000 convertible note.&#160; The note bore interest at 10%
 with an initial maturity of March 26
 2015 (subsequently amended to January 15
 2016)
 and was convertible into shares of our common stock at $1.00 per share.&#160; The investor also received warrants to purchase 500
We evaluated the warrants for derivative accounting consideration under ASC Topic 815 40
 Contracts in Entity&#146;s own stock
 and concluded that the warrants meet the criteria for classification in shareholders&#146; equity.&#160; We allocated the proceeds received to the debt
 stock
On June 23
 2014
 we issued a $30
000 convertible note.&#160; The note bore interest at 10%
 matures on June 23
 2015
 and was convertible into shares of our Company at $1.00 per share. Because the market price for our common stock on the date of the note exceeded the note&#146;s conversion price of $1.00 per share
 we recognized a beneficial conversion feature of $21
We evaluated the conversion features embedded in the two notes payable described above for derivative accounting in accordance with ASC 815 40
On August 27
 2014
 we issued a $50
000 convertible note.&#160; The note bore interest at 10%
 had an initial maturity of January 2
 2015 (subsequently extended to January 15
 2016)
 and was convertible into shares of our common stock at $1.00 per share.&#160; The investor also received 50
During October 2014
 we issued a $60
000 convertible note.&#160; The note bore interest at 10%
 had an initial maturity of November 2
 2014 (subsequently extended to January 15
 2016) and was convertible into shares of our common stock at $1.00 per share. The investor also received 150
In February 2015
 we sold 25
000 units to an investor in exchange for $25
000. The 25
000 units consist of: (i) 25
000 shares of our common stock; (ii) 2 year options to purchase 25
000 shares of our common stock at $0.20
 and (iii) a 2 year convertible promissory note in the amount of $25
The conversion rights embedded in the note are accounted for as a derivative financial instrument because of the beneficial conversion feature embedded therein.&#160; The beneficial conversion feature was valued and recorded at the date of issuance at fair value
In April 2015
 we sold 250
000 units to an investor in exchange for $250
000.&#160; The 250
000 units consist of: (i) 250
000 shares of our common stock; (ii) 2 year options to purchase 250
000 shares of our common stock at $0.20
 and (iii) a 2 year convertible promissory note in the amount of $250
The conversion rights embedded in the note are accounted for as a derivative financial instrument because of the beneficial conversion feature embedded therein. The beneficial conversion feature was valued and recorded at the date of issuance at fair value
In August 2015
 we entered into convertible promissory notes with four individual investors for a total amount of $95
In August 2016
 we extended the maturity of our $100
000 promissory note to August 26
In April 2016 we entered into a one year 10% note for $38
000 cash
 which included the issuance of 100
000 shares of common stock
 valued at $14
In June 2016 we entered into two one year 10% notes for $47
000 cash
 which included the issuance of 90
000 shares of common stock
 valued at $9
In June 2016 we entered into a short term 10% note for $25
000 cash
 which included the issuance of 70
000 shares of common stock
 valued at $7
In July 2016 we entered into two one year 10% notes for $35
000 cash
 which included the issuance of 35
000 shares of common stock
 valued at $4
In the third quarter 2016 we entered into two short term 10% notes for $75
000 cash
 which included the issuance of 350
000 shares of common stock
 valued at $21
In the fourth quarter 2016 we entered into two short term 10% notes for $125
000 cash
 which included the issuance of 400
000 shares of common stock
 valued at $23
During 2016 we issued 2
347
285 shares of common stock for the conversion of debt and accrued interest totaling $234
849 and recorded an induced conversion expenses of $141
In January 2017 we issued 10
129
942 shares of common stock for the conversion of debt and accrued interest totaling $2
403
343 and recorded an induced conversion charge of $3
116
500 for debt that was converted at a discount to the stated conversion rate.







The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







On November 15
 2012
 we issued a $160
000 convertible note. The note bore interest at 10% with an initial maturity of November 15
 2014 (subsequently extended to November 15
 2017)
On February 15
 2013 we issued a $50
000 convertible note.&#160; The note bore interest at 10%
 with original maturity of May 15
 2014 (subsequently modified to November 15
 2017)
During 2016 we received $102
500 in cash and repaid $73
000 in cash under a non interest bearing line of credit from an officer. During 2017 we repaid the remaining $29
In January 2017 we issued 3
367
000 shares of common stock to convert $841
750 of debt and accrued interest to a related party.







Represents the textual narrative disclosure of (5) Notes Payable - Related Party
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







During the first quarter 2016 we issued 1
690
000 shares of common stock and 1
690
000 warrants for the future purchase of common stock in exchange for $169
000 in cash. During the first quarter 2016 we issued 75
000 shares of common stock in exchange for services valued at $26
During the second quarter 2016 we issued 850
000 shares of common stock and 850
000 warrants for the future purchase of common stock in exchange for $85
000 in cash. During the second quarter 2016 we issued 244
514 shares of common stock in exchange for services valued at $26
897. During the second quarter 2016 we issued 260
000 shares of common stock valued at $31
600 as an inducement to the $110
During the third quarter 2016 we issued 1
650
000 shares of common stock and 1
650
000 warrants for the future purchase of common stock in exchange for $165
000 in cash.&#160; During the third quarter 2016 we issued 285
000 shares of common stock valued at $26
088 as an inducement to the $110
000 of convertible debt we received. During the third quarter 2016 we issued 450
000 shares of common stock for the conversion of $45
000 of convertible debt.&#160; During the third quarter 2016 we issued 25
000 shares of common stock that had not been issued as required in February 2015
During the fourth quarter 2016 we issued 1
175
000 shares of common stock and 1
175
000 warrants for the future purchase of common stock in exchange for $117
500 in cash.&#160; During the fourth quarter 2016 we issued 650
000 shares of common stock valued at $23
000 as an inducement to the $125
000 of convertible debt we received. During the fourth quarter 2016 we issued 1
897
500 shares of common stock for the conversion of $191
On January 13
 2017 we entered into an employment agreement with our President which includes an anti dilution provision which requires us to maintain his share ownership in our Company at 30%
 reduced by any shares he sells. These shares are required to be issued on January 2 of each year. On February 13
 2017 we issued 7
220
585 shares associated with the anti dilution rights
 which were valued at $10
453
315. In November 2017
 we issued 6
674
837 shares associated with the anti dilution rights
 which were valued at $8
464
463. This employment agreement was amended on October 10
 2017
In the first quarter 2017 we issued 6
762
942 shares of common stock to convert $1
561
593 of convertible debt and accrued interest and 3
367
000 shares of common stock to convert $841
750 of debt and accrued interest to a related party. In February 2017 we issued 25
000 shares of common stock in exchange for $5
000 in cash for the exercise of options. During the first quarter 2017 we issued 6
957
285 shares of common stock and 6
957
285 warrants to purchase our common stock in exchange for $774
During the second quarter 2017 we issued 1
850
000 shares of common stock and 1
850
000 warrants to purchase our common stock in exchange for $370
000 in cash. During the second quarter 2017 we issued 250
000 shares of common stock in exchange for $50
During the third quarter 2017 we issued 900
000 shares of common stock in exchange for $180
000 in cash.



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







At December 31
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 275
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1
850
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 14
342
&#160;&#160;&#160; 7
867
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 114
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 124
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 16
431
&#160;&#160;&#160; 8
142
The 275
000 options outstanding at December 31
 2016
 were exercised in 2017 for $55
000 in cash. We issued 9
707
285 warrants during 2017 included with shares in units issued for $1
324
500 in cash. 1
143
000 warrants expired in 2017.







Represents the textual narrative disclosure of (7) Equity Options and Warrants
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







The components of income tax provision (benefit) related to continuing operations are as follows at December 31
The following is a reconciliation of the effective income tax rate with the statutory income tax rate at December 31
State income tax
Temporary differences
The net deferred tax assets and liabilities included in the financial statements consist of the following amounts at December 31
$&#160;&#160; 4
194
$&#160; 3
079
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 4
381
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 207
&#160;&#160;&#160; (8
577
&#160; (2
872
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 414
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (414
The change in valuation allowance was $6
119
517 and $752
829 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
In accordance with the provisions of ASC 740: Income Taxes
 we record a liability for uncertain tax positions when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. At December 31
 2017 and 2016
 we have no liabilities for uncertain tax positions. We continually evaluate expiring statutes of limitations
 audits
 proposed settlements
 changes in tax law and new authoritative rulings.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







We lease our office and warehouse facilities under an operating lease in Coconut Creek
 Florida. The lease expires in February 2018. The minimum monthly lease payments required for the remaining term of the lease are $7
In June 2017 we entered into a new lease for a new additional facility located in Deerfield Beach
 Florida. This lease begins on January 1
 2018 and expires on March 1
 2025. The minimum monthly lease payments required begin at $13
In November 2017
 we entered into a six-month agreement with Lyons Capital
 LLC to provide introductions to broker/dealers
 private funds
 Investment bankers
 potential BOD members
 stock research firms
 market makers and business development opportunities. Lyons is to receive 1
000
000 shares of common stock
 half upon signing the agreement and half three months later. These shares were valued at $191
600
 or $0.1916 per share
 the quoted market price on the agreement date. This amount was recorded in prepaid expenses and is being amortized over the term of the agreement. $37
The Company is subject to asserted claims and liabilities that arise in the ordinary course of business. The Company maintains insurance policies to mitigate potential losses from these actions. In the opinion of management
 the amount of the ultimate liability with respect to those actions will not materially affect the Company&#146;s financial position or results of operations.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







The Company maintains its cash in bank deposit accounts
 which may
 at times
 may exceed federally insured limits. The Company had no cash balance in excess of FDIC insured limits at December 31
 2017 and 2016.







The entire disclosure for any concentrations existing at the date of the financial statements that make an entity vulnerable to a reasonably possible
 near-term
 severe impact. This disclosure informs financial statement users about the general nature of the risk associated with the concentration
 and may indicate the percentage of concentration risk as of the balance sheet date.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017















Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017





















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







Cash equivalents are highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less.&#160; The Company had no cash equivalents at December 31
 2017 or 2016.







Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017















Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







All property and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated over their estimated useful lives
 generally three
 seven and twelve years
 using the straight-line method.&#160; Upon sale or retirement
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are eliminated from their respective accounts
 and the resulting gain or loss is included in the results of operations. Repairs and maintenance charges
 which do not increase the useful lives of the assets
 are charged to operations as incurred. 



































Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







The Company&#146;s financial statements are prepared under the accrual method of accounting. Revenues are recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 services have been rendered
 the sales price is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. This occurs only when the product is ordered and subsequently shipped.



































Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







The Company follows the provisions of ASC 740 10
 Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions. When tax returns are filed
 it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities
 while others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740 10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes
As of December 31
 2017
 the tax years 2016 and 2015 for the Company remains open for IRS audit. The Company has received no notice of audit or any notifications from the IRS for any of the open tax years.







Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017















Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







 clarifies that fair value is an exit price
 representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. It also requires disclosure about how fair value is determined for assets and liabilities and establishes a hierarchy for which these assets and liabilities must be grouped
Level 3: Unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data
The determination of where assets and liabilities fall within this hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The carrying value of the Company&#146;s current financial instruments
 which include cash and cash equivalents
 accounts payable
 accrued liabilities and indebtedness approximates their fair values because of the short term maturities and variable rates of interest of these instruments.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







A long lived asset is tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that its carrying value amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized when the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows resulting from its use and eventual disposition. The impairment loss is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the long lived assets exceeds its fair value. There were no impairments recognized during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017















Represents the textual narrative disclosure of L) Related Party Transactions
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014 09
Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 which requires companies to identify contractual performance obligations and determine whether revenue should be recognized at a point in time or over time based on when control of goods and services transfer to a customer. As a result
 we do not expect significant changes in the presentation of our financial statements. This ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 including interim periods within that reporting period
 and entities are permitted to apply either prospectively or retrospectively; early adoption is permitted. We do not expect adoption of this guidance to have a material effect on our financial position
In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016 02
 which
 for operating leases
 requires a lessee to recognize a right of use asset and a lease liability
 initially measured at the present value of the lease payments
 in its balance sheet. The standard also requires a lessee to recognize a single lease cost
 calculated so that the cost of the lease is allocated over the lease term
 on a generally straight line basis. The ASU is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The adoption of ASU 2016 02 is expected to result in the recognition of right of use assets and associated obligations on our balance sheet.







Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





(7) Equity Options and Warrants: Share-based Compensation
 Stock Options
 Activity (Tables)


Dec. 31
 2017






Share-based Compensation
 Stock Options
 Activity
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 275
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1
850
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 14
342
&#160;&#160;&#160; 7
867
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 114
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 124
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 16
431
&#160;&#160;&#160; 8
142
000







Tabular disclosure for stock option plans. Includes
 but is not limited to
 outstanding awards at beginning and end of year
 grants
 exercises
 forfeitures
 and weighted-average grant date fair value.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017















Represents the textual narrative disclosure of Schedule of Income Tax Provision Text Block
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







State income tax
Temporary differences
 net













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







$&#160;&#160; 4
194
$&#160; 3
079
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 4
381
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 207
&#160;&#160;&#160; (8
577
&#160; (2
872
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 414
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (414
855)







Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
























Jan. 31
 2017
Apr. 30
 2015
Feb. 28
 2015
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2017
Sep. 30
 2017
Jun. 30
 2017
Mar. 31
 2017
Sep. 30
 2016
Jul. 31
 2016
Jun. 30
 2016
Apr. 30
 2016
Mar. 31
 2016
Aug. 31
 2015
Oct. 31
 2014
Aug. 27
 2014
Jun. 24
 2014
Mar. 26
 2014


Convertible debt
 net







132
251






















000











Common Stock
 Shares Issued







890
912



448
561



000


850
000


762
942


650
000




000




690
000













Common Stock
 Par Value












































000


000





































129
942






347
285

































March 26
 2014








































Convertible debt
 net





































000



Long-term Debt
 Percentage Bearing Fixed Interest
 Percentage Rate








































Common Stock
 Shares Issued





































000



Common Stock
 Par Value








































June 23
 2014








































Convertible debt
 net



































000





Long-term Debt
 Percentage Bearing Fixed Interest
 Percentage Rate








































August 27
 2014








































Convertible debt
 net

































000







Long-term Debt
 Percentage Bearing Fixed Interest
 Percentage Rate








































Common Stock
 Shares Issued

































000







October
 2014








































Convertible debt
 net































000









Long-term Debt
 Percentage Bearing Fixed Interest
 Percentage Rate








































Common Stock
 Shares Issued































000


















































Convertible debt
 net























000


000
























































Convertible debt
 net























000

















2
 One Year 10% Notes








































Convertible debt
 net





















000




























































Convertible debt
 net







000












000































Represents the Stock Issued for Conversion of Debt (number of shares)
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Units Sold (number of shares)
 during the indicated time period.

























































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying amount of debt identified as being convertible into another form of financial instrument (typically the entity's common stock) as of the balance sheet date
 which originally required full repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company.




























The interest rate applicable to the portion of the carrying amount of long-term borrowings outstanding as of the balance sheet date
 including current maturities
 which accrues interest at a set
 unchanging rate.

































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017

Dec. 31
 2016

Aug. 31
 2015
Feb. 15
 2013
Nov. 15
 2012


Convertible debt
 net



132
251


000







November 15
 2012












Convertible debt
 net









000



Long-term Debt
 Percentage Bearing Fixed Interest
 Percentage Rate












February 15
 2013












Convertible debt
 net







000





Long-term Debt
 Percentage Bearing Fixed Interest
 Percentage Rate






















Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying amount of debt identified as being convertible into another form of financial instrument (typically the entity's common stock) as of the balance sheet date
 which originally required full repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company.




























The interest rate applicable to the portion of the carrying amount of long-term borrowings outstanding as of the balance sheet date
 including current maturities
 which accrues interest at a set
 unchanging rate.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Sep. 30
 2017
Jun. 30
 2017
Mar. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Sep. 30
 2016
Jun. 30
 2016
Mar. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016

























000


850
000


762
942


175
000


650
000


000


690
000











850
000




175
000


650
000


000


690
000




175
000





000


000


500


500


000


000


000







Shares issued for services
 Shares









000


514


000







Shares issued for services
 Value











600


000


031
877


197







Represents the Shares of Common Stock Issued (number of shares)
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Warrants Issued for Future Purchase (number of shares)
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of Warrants Issued in Exchange for Cash
 during the indicated time period.




























Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.




























Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





(7) Equity Options and Warrants: Share-based Compensation
 Stock Options
 Activity (Details) - shares
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016









Class of Warrant or Right
 Outstanding



000










Class of Warrant or Right
 Outstanding

850
000












Class of Warrant or Right
 Outstanding

342
000


867
000










Class of Warrant or Right
 Outstanding

286












Class of Warrant or Right
 Outstanding

999












Class of Warrant or Right
 Outstanding

431
285


142
000



















































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016









Current Federal
 State and Local
 Tax Expense (Benefit)













Temporary Differences
 Net
























Represents the Effective Tax Rate
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Temporary Differences
 Net
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Valuation Allowance
 during the indicated time period.




























Amount of current state
 local
 and federal tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016









Deferred Tax Assets
 Operating Loss Carryforwards

194
726


079
075





381
662


859










Deferred Tax Assets
 Valuation Allowance

577
388)


872
726)



Deferred Tax Assets
 Net of Valuation Allowance
 Current



855







855)







Represents the monetary amount of Other Deferred Tax Assets
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of Stock Based Compensation Deferred Tax Assets
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of Stock Based Compensation Deferred Tax Liabilities
 as of the indicated date.




























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016









Valuation Allowance
 Deferred Tax Asset
 Increase (Decrease)
 Amount

119
517


829













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017









Operating Leases
 Rent Expense

220


360







Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( %EED4P?(\\#P    !



_42TN.X    K @  $0   &1O8U!R;W!S+V-O


M.473


%?Y]=

M$P   'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX;6SM6EMSVC@4?N^OT'AG]FT+QC:!MK03
X%<R)!%!,!FGK_# J5
7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%,O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S

YV?/;$[9^
RMIT-&T:









M2^JVE+ZU)CA*]+'







N2D5SJT^.7]%+(.&3E[2
M)1(4BK 


W)#V%0E\Z[:)@N%


+$CN'MB[\!


:_BO$#7 7_U#;6I.VR;
F6-'?9W6O:TFJNB@-:

:9



=9DBY4%UJH7^2RK/5U


MN7L MK=*2&-OEL'L[&LHOYEK@O#.[-Z:.\JL=[J*[

M)R;56S.R2MCDJJAA$]J2DMU=9H:-;U*_;I2[WRX/PP-R;KQ;A1,%[3B+U!+
M P04     !999%





+G![_:/WG/OF0S'O6^&V5_WTYM.=UE$:+@S]FM[S]6MU_


(#'37BQ(
<Z6=6.I&X/<6-*-M8D5


MH

MB2






MY#*XRAD-F3:?:YZ=\


9TQQ2
0* (-7CP!1=N+@B3D#Z0J&*F3X-*YU3+P' 3*08/1

O/^ 1R90U!F\DAHUT^\6]HW
Z#Y[(P
FXO.W&$\Q

J]$[P
ML=P.NQ;Q_UT

M23BNA[V&X:2MKN


MV

MDD1+6BV!&PBA46MY5[:@:TTX9HF-&@&231+X\DLT(YIUJP1%:6:
T2&2R1

MZ:KD
)
?RXEY1+E@RJQ
V9HI

M$'P6:IK(.1LZRK 0M!N[)9A:=O$/4$L#!!0    ( %EED4PB$LN4D0
  &T.

V$



M2[=MH98/]!\GAL3 % 69A;H#1+&#8D0EAP+ EI4&%3\R.$&KC]^C%





3]-R$^.H9B!YDPK9 DKA5#:2!52/9E]





F_C8_V:-
J^M8]_+:]FZN.42C<]L-D<?+



M?UPZF
D&.!C@Q0#LIP9Z
- ?!OI3 S




M1-U6GN^[F)C)50-*UFLEN')4CA77



H/'
MF32CZQJX/#N%QM*$/@C &P_H
[IO-Q(28V&P:D(B0)9\$#0?: DKM1#1)0
M72Y4#&DBSI(&DZ+4
#:)QX3Y?&KCR@XX[ZFDR$33FYVN4: 51H-0(N


17MKNUL7[^GRL='YH




M9$5#5C $@2'+\MA4VR1PPU5&)2K2WE0TDPIF@FFY2UD:0FNR2)Y
S)

MD_'F$J36!%5S&?JB


M'9-()$Q3X!66$#1]'



M[DA&(VE.5QU9_9-


+RF)36698R1P
M+ DY1IQCJ3)IK'DRQTC@6!*NI$;1].T_
#PKWTG8_K?]=#[MDPT%;7<<=P/5]&W+[/U!+ P04
M     !999%
1LQ#^[



M6K7QS##O#=OAB$?T3Z[#L3%ZV






M OY[=[)HL9FE$@JT$T83W5.[[:'8QKB8\ / 8-;G$FHY&S,:S^5#G=!$$@

:TJFXK_!22&!R68HS32Q964O?-&32PH1?'W<1<Z[L-XD^XGV#H@

M9-%B


M+7XP69#0NW#\0;/=ARST?FFWX0F[]Q\0=02P
$%     @ 66613)A8NKNS
M 0  T@

MTS*/OK

M2BTU]$Z:GEAHOJ0'D]9P$? =PF3VYQ)J.1BS&LP/M4%34)H*#R04'@=H5'

M.5#


M5@1#]34$WPMQXO_0^3[]L)OA(=(/V^BWV;Y MBN018'LOR7N8?XNDFUZJL&V

M*&A\.'[ LYW';#:\&98?Q-9O7/X&4$L#!!0    ( %EED4S
N])DM $  -(#

MI-'*MI1-%*52(ZU2M7UF[;&- AX7\#KY^P)V'*NU^@+





  !D

MM-FJ:J56BK9J^TSLL8T6&!=PO/W[ O:Z5FOU!9CAG#


;/69
N



&F2

_\&G:OPC;2N/(%7UXV=3_!M%#2&5W%T:HQ]L,10T/A[?A;.=
MQFPR//;S#V++-RY_ U!+ P04     !999%
4M@5MK0!  #2 P  &0   'AL



MQ/5*?OG-(

M?)V^6\UP%^F[9?3K9%T@615(HD#RWQ+7



OSN_JW


O$Q*BUL7%$U



M/_@T[8_

ISNTP\B

$%     @ 66613!+MJS 0  T@





M_3KZ=;8MD&T*9%$@^V^)6YB_BV2KGBJP;9PF1RHSZ#C)*^\RL'=I?)-/^#3M




G:?\F3
[
M2R[H_

$
M%     @ 66613%HBZ@2R 0  T@


MULQU%D0905HQOMD\



M




M;5/;;MLP#/T501]0.4ZZI(%MH&E1;
 &!!VV/2LV;0O5Q9/DN/O[4;+KN9U?

M04JR-$D^

MX#OX']W9HL5FEDHHT$X832S4.;W?'$^[$!\#?@H8W.)
JD@IKW
MTC^;X3-
]=Q2
A7_%:X@
3PHP1RED2ZNI.R=-VIB02F*OXZ[T'$?QIO]W01;

Q []K[CX8DWQQ1[4P9G;$6\0_$.O==BLS]D
M[!J(IIC3&)

$%     @
M66613/'^K@BR 0  T@


EF*

3Q3C[@X[;_%+:6K2
GX_%FX_PK8SQ@
M*9L;7*$&']CL**A\


M%'T5RP]0)X0T401(3:MJDS8IZK3MMP

MS@9C7UT+X


-? /_O;M8
MM-BL4@D%V@FCB84ZIP_;TSD-^ CX(6!PBS





M/25C\]_A A+AH1+


--$C:;
MJ0);QVURI#=CIL\BTX+^YC$._D+'[;]F=M::$?.QN/-QOE7QGC 4E9WN$(-
M/K#)D5#Y8.[0ML.:#8XW[?BV/2
\P]02P
$%     @ 66613
A8EX*R 0
MT@

M./*FI+8%[9SK#XS9J@/%[1WVH/V?!HWBSKNF9;8WP.L(4I)E2?*.*2XT+?
8

MX]?






MYH.WS;1FD^.PGU\06YYQ^0=02P
$%     @ 66613

  !D





5#
_)Y[7F36
M#

$96Q'O
'F'WDNQ_;K+V4(39CCB$F6F!G!4'T.D:R%
M.:?Z

M$








7:T169Z+X6&HR6N

8

R






HFBEJIE5:IVCY[

7C[/1V#?7 GCRKJ1V.6V][P^
N;(%)=R=

M9LSICEX#KUW3^A!@1=:+!KZ!_]Z?+'IL4:DZ!=IU1A
+=4X?=X=C&O 1\*.#
MT:UL$CHY&_
6G



R[^
M %!+ P04     !999%,*PERK

O


N:*!K1P#Z:#%O]4


H%82PC-^3)IU3!N+2OJE_BKUC+Q?AX-FH

(XB_L/B
M'4:O.4_V*;L&H0ES&C%\@=G


(?12\&3
MQXQ=@M,.4X8OL*DX*A^I*;Z4X\O_H?)N^VZQP%^F[=?:'^VV!_:; /@KL
M_VGQ_4V+&Y@TN4G5C/58)NX38Z49NCB)J^BR\(^\7@G?^'3MG\5MI&=(V?C


M9.'@PZDE6OLWI1THJ
MJ
6@_*

TRL4O*0?GC9Y94(H6+]
INWB.
_\5
MM@W@






85+O/H.YDRUX
37

M?H.IGFN


96Q#LOWGKOI:39=4XN@6B*






\Q[\V8Z

)\E;
MIH7L:)'%V

(?







MA#6[::.5;2F;JFJE5EJE:OO
VF



D%\2D:G^N[F)H*#R44&$[0H/H%04

MROR#\*+
+8[$3KWO17SB[
A#;ZKH3*U(=R%Y%[S7DO

*\(


KN)HQ0%S[8




83N
H8:G8A



R+=-4U&WA==M2=
X I-Y!;%;TUBVYYL^$9[
MA0STB&5YMB.LT+

]$VSS;SREPPCGBWCOLLXQW7 MP1^+T@^!\GWAM2!P)98

=.](A0.R/@\*





MFZ)/ 86K078UM+9OW1P*OX)L15&!-XYI*VYTFOV!P*CGKHHA:\!\;6MRJ'P
M-=SV]1O(ON[9%8#UX!8UE;](U58%FZ_AE]!?@]3-5NJLQ%+&N#(H?LO2V

OCV53;Q)=3

C!X(

GK#Q.PJC-449

M_'=2G3%7%UE\YN?G1G.(/_T?4$L#!!0    ( %EED4SV7%6+N (  )\)   9

T+GAM;(V6[6Z;

MI$)I
Q:./-0U%7\S5O'3P@W<=\/W<K=7QN MYRW=L1],_6R?A1YY
M@Y=-6;-&EKQQ!-LNW/N K +?#KB5\E.\NS=



MUR]&M[H/5-'E7/3(_H/M*7F?Q05'\_:V/L/I=N3B^PU-;C
D31W#L:1Y;)


YZ223/0]5ZD





M='

T*X\U&5=3MQ]YPW(\]KUWM2




MI!2XK$2

0OL

D7SA$L$.D'**!@Q'(K&-BQ=2*
MR7WY9RRBC:$LMKD'FTO2)


JI.
MK;4+@'H6 !9%

M38UM;H




V+GAM;(V5;Z^:
!3&OPKA ]S2\M\@R719


_9


M-



M @? E!/9DO]2!4M\$OGNC_K8Z:CP(O0KV9.[-H]\Z^T]5*O7HN21(5Z&R
ZE=Z6*WUDVH/MP+D;1J\:+M*WW7CA
%!F6&JQZ(_



MI6BK;9\=


^*T@

M
F/U



W%HA'V.L$#2[

LT9N_%*I=HV0/)904_G,6VCTDS,7-55Z*2Y(M@+H
MR0;5#$5!D*&:5HU?Y'9O+XJ<7Q6K&M@+3U[KFHJ_6V\V_BA?]]XJ2ZE
ANH
 ;4:](I


![+;.N0!  !I!   &0   'AL+W=O







M

TPX(8A5








M_'L *J8\C

7AESHH2$CU<]B^@IS/K=A,?_'<Y #=Q&8GQ4@BKW




M9W

'W=[Q_UNTU;Q




O<1!ENHSI
HR/)$ML0R

B(9OQL/$&CKC$P61]TQEC'KP*&E
MX%C(K. KOE/X@@W.&E7 :+(+/D#L1A*6%-7Z0XSSX0:6GG=R/?#Y!= R4
MJ.

G O7*M9F(ILPD[B;]X86[)


M=0
EWW7[URB?-46V36=LL7]WROZ-=]N_1DM



X 5J2T@P&L\56X\@WI9)DL@I10$6_(
MO.UUJ.;)^Z)RHT*S5S.*/?'W(-/*H^Q IC7^-5H*8U;
8CQO\1UHS)+&+
%*
M&P;16X-;8B@_+]#
1;9C'$%

M[L#EEB!RM


_!\Y\T?$N3MTY

 TV*!#\/F+TZ
NB8&;KYOPE0+//&G((IP88#N17I6:I:'290W]X#9



NVIZ K+(]HOUF&WM6JFF)#I1




9

0G%GP.

MP!K.

5XF^+SR2)L2

&(*Q1ZR+%Z?2)
ME*!XZ/X=-!]0&W9^*)4E2*HOHIA#A\JF%!E)2O[HZ A7P)S+?PCH:_C$.?F
MWQ%:0K./:RPP[\FZ4N/.RB.M9;:*R;[YGFIYX#6H('(;TB\9SP7X-H+F2I+





M\5



 @H


JSZ2FYX!;%IA:)GT\DAXD'^4[P ;
M4CZ![ZW0U! [HZAB(*X47S[_*]FY&#A(;8]:9Q[G;);03\D*!M?@*&B4'\N&
MR!Z#IR@ 1D%%5824T+W 6&6DX5K/('1T)Z_B7C\;@ZZ:QG0=AYAM=B0V*;@


#D]+#$=QY#6*=DWBRC(6D9S.3A6 S36+:2N.55A]TD&@+Q+W:%*;

JZ\F .O
M!*O\RGD)0RK
$_L2$V]S_

5_(@AD





KJTNHC
MJS3^#G


DW(1:1D@&U]I+/J(KHRM-'^/%
MDHJ-R:(5H7%;K=;;;[44X@=
?&V)S8



LEB18XVNSNDMYG)G]$*A'1B
M6)D.61CB-  KA)J3$RGD7R%??&^6)=\P7 N(&P@F\3?5V50QS;ZR6OIJ 4E
MZVF4J7B.PWZ*&&KQ?\NZ*VH5*5^;S K+/V(7J!NP''ZJE)!''.61\*7+PLO
2U=3Q<':XJ\0AJPQ_-1W#==H


F


MHLC

M IY #(*-RQ/B;=9H5[JS3*WCK.2K[Y:\X*WE^(-QKH].8+S#


MA+X(1 7H[2AUG03I9^1[U

\%Q]?3+)'4S_X


%4:A-=2K;+9 4[^8KV4 56!QU_IN+)(+E4$
MM0Y[@#D.TA41F7*MJ)@C&3(V* O-]*'W HAY8!4DU3)/:'DBF;HSHDVKVC^5
;- [BTE9<S7<Y1KPX 2
M?3@/C M6L1@J0^21_HHV^37
F\G1\(L%+ITO*Z@

M(&[1C$/H('JG+67


M44@0V7/


$?$N$T?I#O D6

OD.!_RB

=?G!WA33&3\7


OY4




MRE)/O=3=PNW#&)VA(N.-GW4[F/&A$





@Q[02/[D^12$4J8A+&'6^L(0).
MRT


M!^84D
-7 ;DW[B#
'BCDT?5UC*G0;X&S^QH:G^PO/;T^2X^*F#1D*E#JM?K


M_




M7W$:V7/'UU0?@B()^C/(^*T&EOM@':%









(%
U3-W?Y4
M\D9KV*E)K6_D XJ\*=D+Q4!!I.Y-C49/H%W[O9K\@A]WTJ]*G/RZT?XF79!8
MO')6[07@_)[[]CZ
_FLRPY


MWF3ZB

F/TXLDJE--=DW9@^M(!2(E]

MS[JMT]



 0\VX%6$!!M'7;'];%.+JIB;U
M&BVG5L7^#[I6J*BWY4Y
15LTSC? +%5AK
KON!/[-@5HPR5!7GPJ5&2W+G<;D-%B'IMAG\PB?)

M]]+\F1[Z;1]$02AU:
PP/8K<LK:<!SW@
_H;#.E]S%SCL(4=S5%-6(XFHQ;.\-J+K

4%


M\)M

MEB[OP(Z.JHV;KNW3712X


CG;9%!:.+
M]39QB&UL.:W+3;/



R/L; O*!!_?I-SPMEHCKO5?
MZ






WL_?6



&G[D.;/=;9CRQOE1G?5)FQST\!B
-+F7E!F![!
MA

MW!0SK64_8G%\TY[FS%

$3U1R(LIPU\



M99%
0W


M-


M-NU^O* B:Z$^-7HZW/KFZ. [B7/26K_-!P&:'545W7RDI. 
N\G\
6&P9\(X


M99%
]]V6ZMD

MH&


Z7##SHHL@M-!SN]N;SY?
MWDVOEA_9;#X^89_8%UG*.E=L&28%D!R!Y+20RSAOLY1FS2YU'?T+-G./UF

-0(_*^C@QFZB5AZF[@^7N#C%;+SR#QBO'


MD*K2?I^?X]J%@/$ADE7P-


DW?@2SBF&TZM&Q0S
M@YB8;CBU;E!
#C'1FH9:.RBF@)B8=CBU=E#
+L3$+


MA 2UA%!

$%

CV8





UUL4
MO06OMRAZUYO4?26)[PKT5Z6X/4616_!ZRV*WH+76Q2]!:^W*'H+7F]1]!:\
MWJ+H+7B]$T7O!*]W,M+;%ZFSAX_@RB;WCRZY&GZW9@2W#Y?*/CYCF'IW_TCI
MT&^Q9K@^_!=LF/H;8:[^S=C] %!+ P04     !999%



M$H1C,)Q\(Q N&X ^&X!^%X .'@ Q00%*-R%*5R%*=R%*ER%*MR%*UR%*]R
M%+%R%+
*%+
*%+
*%+
*%+
*%+
*%+
*%+
*%+
*%+
*%+-*%+-*%+-*%+-*
M%+-*%+-*%+-*%+-*%+-*%+-*%+

M A0#%     @ 66613!\CSP/     $P(   L              ( !     %]R

_42T

O8V]R92YX;6Q0
M2P$% ,4     !999%









M971S+W-H965T-RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !999%
K ZVP[4!  #2 P  &

M%     @ 66613

YVU 0  T@

  'AL+W=O




M4$L! A0#%     @ 66613
R[TF2T 0  T@


M='



#]7_8;





M3*C^8/ZS 0  T@

O

R 0  T@,
M !D              ( !S$D  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970R.2YX;6Q0
M2P$% 


4     !999%,KFHTWCT  !=

V+GAM




M970S.YX;6Q02P$% 

4     !999%,[:P'Z5L#  [&@  #P

MW1@  !H              ( !SI

#$W
3(S
2YX

DBR+&
M(

]A%#!(ZF2\#8EO
]]=)3@Z#1NMWN1_HU7FK@S45
]R/\




(9G)M!SB DC#4=1&9ZJ-1KT9BG\
L
M?_ULFP_9L8: #
:'23T9O7[A!%8PO64/E@\2V FNS'$.1%=?[V]//W^]^'*G






M[3-\DP




G5^
GW+
7=TC&-[<7=Q=7]T3)RNG5N?+UCLC[XN[^\M?3^XLR4_=QX$[DN<EUS@&F
M75<!%/&=S8;\F3S0TN\9]5:\!!E<_I4%-H03G-1;EB/!#Z#V\(,).$900J5


.
#;@!TR4R'WO


MD  ?6[X_

M26(MF

2&V2

M#S%5FQ%6Y3.*Q/T/+0Q5M.N8#S8(:

M)E*P'_JVZX-*Q@=1@P+TI
;GO
-G&: ')D@_%SOXWCQP//;(G%  P)XGS$'#

M9^

1YK$ ; @$N48O

UA 9.$ ?(F1Y6
ML#Z8ED

PACP2
9^\!


M7P T/.R/K
D$AGE3Y/Z QDW?'3/EWGR&S2@CH2M#V'WW*8[L/EI^%%8XO3M3
MC*:J:&I-#F* QPF.8Q]T%



M)1\L!Z\$*WON

1=WALB%J'/V;&
9XIR9?0

QZF(

6*
6X8W[%13B((S#AQ;MM91B
M!*) ]Q':]FA'R]O[P#; RNHSP162/ Q,)8HP@(L: ES1\F'H?'\.LHRN['
M'@4-.A2/,*G6
HWY:9




4IH3?CV.MOI0






 'U\P
MAO.%K(Q3HMS$'MQ\ JU@V$.A )--P'$IC&72L)'UK2E6#&A&&*%M- 7&OQ

MDVR#G/(=$=








N+118 IW-XW9R *HY5=E)48[
MV15OU8
#.?69];S0]$A8M?.%%:745'W3@NH+EKGYVQ!$-6(;L=MHK=%
M40^
MF515S8BB8DF'$[M4X!2PB@)TX-T@A)[ /YRL*(/)#UK)86')]V-/G[X H*

ZIBWI OQR2$=WA:F[

1 T=#KG7CRO+
T)$5(X#H#4;($DM&GXK^(




M=%Z&$R*B@4@



NJ[6
%I(Z$1+

R@;AZAT?SOB]O[RT]?+I3SBT_W;X/;KS'\





5&[W)%]'_8X '??FGL[%
Z=I8DT '\*YPLN&


&IQ!1

M:L=09K_C#W.4IUY


$









W?B!PN$%MA%-J*E?E UVJM-\4(E-5WL?KO);NA%9%*
MS=55M][@JOMM;(=(@43X%YD/O=8 =:MW6G
0%KONDM

ML!J


^

MK2/EZOK^XDZY.?W]%(M
CY7;BR^G]Q?G\


J\!A8]

C-:ZC(C@MI])-U[IBD=OI*3AW%EAH

C[2/E[O[Z[%__Y_K+


^3QEQ#RP.BF/40(Q.VUEX8Y,*2QY*'0J@P4/*4,5)
MWMG7,^EGK=V5Y4TL,Y9:BP*RF3FB7OBR!YIFV=CWAH!^ P/E\[#:V=AA(7V

50ZLUFK076P\NVO]

MXR/%7ANR) (EQ3UVR/-_%AB(IN6TV;RT9D4YH\Y4[]*\*L=Q:*J1EIU.F\

M


UMM&L=1K&IB;NU)KM)OS7$/TF



MR $*D&+M8I*
OMQ)$$29.7]BK&R89-18RDZ



M#+LG%\FV(,A\XN\4C[H,=ZS;DY\=A)]2$#G$'@I*+%%]R
:%8.@I%X0FLV
MQ6R/\HN!.\D!@EX\T:CG- ?HA+I]H24:


74I:


MB5(P*O?FP*P^10.-HG?:E3:IM


MK=G0\

M]MQC&C-G.Z*N\EYRV(\Z$M 1(G[B:J;#R;?D7%'-4&?.[@VD?EEQSU4Z&BL.
M'UF.N)!%C


.J

9CUHS







M9G&C0:U(\T6)UKVKY4JEE$NE?*W?U97/#  0Q:NYMLG.U

2Y2-N4T;]= UA[8%R16$1VR



M)GI;6)9(76G45*

MA%FSUNAHM79;K\1^)?9?%9;7/7.IJT:MT^I66F(7.W4=C


MI%;;81!ZU+F*VHB(9MR#T




/D5C@

MI



M%
VY
W
YWYGWL<!:SFD5%D/:(9




M%%]'J_A#ZTCQP63T^'V725 ^
N1ML\=L



IND+;H]N4WW*6- *0GRF;AOG$F9

?@7O%%ZGJV5Y
M\@7X$NA??A6OOI9?-2F=
@[M!PI2]:8TTN=X/1(L


W= [$BVI?3RZ=U9B*,KT;))^TA8OIL8?0YO9G9!7#6I0[U@\]





QDB)

AV6FK$(E

%[?#G1Y]H(G'+!BYY ](=4'.0+Z3R#.?
MXD 5ETT@V2Q_!*,\N.Y@7@E#_A[+=!EN&_ !PZ @I!Z*)Z_+[I8S_ED1TFR

PBD._16K1\J1:.2G(DVAHU*D(





0V-+U)-MR@H]






0\9I/M$<@D!)-%6TQ317BET5LJ;AK&X:-),0E/U22\
MSC]9E(%G5 5X T$)B\&3S/'E*?$*)S!<2Q1&EHROBM
3SY8#EX)5IYX\V6N



WT1F


M['66*J;D%9#L&30'3S?3&X^\_(M*4%-/QZ5




MQ!@(!K'RX+GA!)WAV/62JG$4&POK29A:#HA&BBL*-_WD]5B7A6R4+X@213M1



-DPX(P76

\&'0TI')



MB .M

P/Z$Z
$G!51DT



:6S28B8
NR%=6P(^;




M0T!K21R9R@FJ]-T[0%%9G:RYJ#WSN*IC=KW6ZWTG=O2=]5[%#INTK?K4.$



M*Z2\VW]8[@5!N\./

KQKKJR\?A#&]%OC

 FTW153*@TJ%O
M38=6'%1B#EHI []RSCR_E^%%U%8R?O/6#.C&8:=OV?QN\OUT
7Q5B?9B=76Z


M+R!=UZTRVK.4W6[2/!DPSO3N/FJZFY*^@I@MG[7P.J3OKNBY_*+XK=+QFITC



M5B+DYU;C*\V:UFW6#+V]CHPL?\Z_;)NP+TWTMK LD;K2J*E&%_YKK83Z2L2_

QFSOS







SE7#7T4T!7US?/\-[ J)K I:(]DSN5.LV#5W2
MB@6FV@J$&8INJ$87%/K:$
;9K4]X2/A


M=
O$A98.F=DX3=?TQOP1+YU'@-_UIDLLXCQ@VSK8%\G0\E#K39$!OMMLJBO
K)
MU)N8)&O9M%UKS#)Y]#%\' AC5_MI[QD_^+AS=J%33OL$Q
4EASQ]W Y-G5




M=%%!L37XZ;WX;;9B_@_


A5WP


+E2P*C'3
M &GN^!L!(X]\-@C&N@(%K?%.JYV_+ROT*GJ9.$$3704C[66SOTB8K( Y3R\
M 5&R BKFP'%GVLR_98_

MN7YP/:0?BRY%;;74Z!2.-$SAD7





V1)$M26;2W-GB I'Q?J*DU=4]MJNRVO97;$%TR75^A=_15
M9[MT^NZ884GL9\\=G\'0EA/L^(EURFZVF-=U3O=MIZJMEDVQR8ARL9LM&97
M-W1C78H((:_4EA
R:D(:9RUAL^*IJ9LU\X9_N(9MSZT_!'F3WFCGE]
R\'5

1
M[F
^XYL@'BLN^&-C6ZCV9C9VKG#;PJ0' R X)(Q4 .]$-?EI2TY
J11EOO
M:C*IY0SZHCESHKM@QAF&MO*4_-OL:9P%N9_L4M.YG[6&7)Q.BD+QD=/_R?2M


MB#


-FES[0 7!6$.?S^V7)@IUXB^+3&#$2KS[0-^++%\#-7
MNJP''KUO7R+.:0YF7*U(ZN)^0-O8OH\\M&T=68'A8K_H%)]-&VDM]. &A
!
MRE8XCM'*X

42803WX4+090FRE/)!EH






8[4K:K8

SEITNGWI1EO2+E:=3Y;[=&_\HTU]8:

M:K
UZ\KM&_H\





_CH (H7G..-H[JJ


M#0]F4ZBQ2@;^0]J+^96K![










/N3_]ST=


5

_\=C SW_[_U!+









MJ!9
ID(4Z&V H]VX4:'@/YMB]X'PD7N&^?3\9Z*= *:2H;.8*]T9Q#R1]1%
M4@)2(AJ#?K-^84@$ILZWZA@B[ODNLKWWM_0,(9F:\CQI &8DT)XWR34!HM_


9
M1^A#._
2O8U$-_Z1XQ\'(Q=(R#U^)ESF^[;O@.D@(R2

M4X?*Z6S^G*
*.T-?

.
R8XMH, FL9!,YO
M@G3U!4KD*#V7S5UY*#!S-206&D<H.2<MU$D7%'$XIMA8:7';%]2:V;*KM]
M]#6(.0LPESXPZF=75PH7]6076B2RNTVBODJ:RK.*&2-TKP;JU;H!WZY(N+2
MX_R&


M6^.60.GQOR _0U!K5HFJ;PHT\X UI!6?1K


%T6
@2+%
MN[&B/KYV8.[S*$^?POQT2

)FLH=G)6AJ1



5C#F5YT9%^1O63*M_G7$I#V1(&&B! Z6!-#.F]?C3F?R^

_!'I6
M=@X33X./:/;L2_K(A5Q@4:)10G;C*M_P+'OI



G:
MFUV3PK)5C'?9YF!38K05N\01/'K36; * )N1&.^\-2%9KB

2? WTK
H














M2P

MMN1*




%<88N#P9^=_1LQ2FC'@QA;*GO^V&W*/J&DF]@
MEWWMWW\:MCKW-[V[;K_] 7FJ^KLI@.#'5@3E4BP#N#KFV \\B.]-&8ROCHD8


MXG;P0OWB'QGE.D?0RQO+0@;$=&I.S:F2V9 9-W+/@@-&QLBQA*P23=YF=F

_EXIG](:. L7QD@4QGYZ49[ P8! B[-XL %?=^59


H
@V_
8*KE.*&O; GN-00



MR1ZGIV




M#$)@$LI1\-%[-:04*%@FHD]HL3Z8\0$(Z/N 3KID'RM.R^8Q&PWT BY8XN$M

SHLK!4EDUQBTB1+IB=#^21)&W&\&FRL^W4N




MVZ@=?K



THJL\I+N

M]=7GYAT-$(




ML1


MM2&!?26
$A8.VRY[[PB$$^$A?;_
^E

MH=B9O7L&&!0RW?9OD
_K0
#K8AHZUN5C$9\-(4
.T.@2Y&3J5Y AM]N 
ANH
M
P3TMG_+NY_)T



)(8(R@7L#$6/D!



M]




M/NSKM=PZ\0YD/#7%(]C&5-5'+]O8JX+)P7GVV31R1'_.,;^]0LD#J)0K/&'
M_PZ[4W
C?8ROHGWAG2R::E0+0:G[@[RY$0B.46N[=)7 



M
 SV2JF+.VM-;^X@#[& U^G@P82PC!6-0VOGGJHLU;S\T(:F+&
TJKMU2\!



MC#?ZZ0JI5[E%&FX*.


M=-CXR*]_4)YTMFZ3QVM




E


M/\.TY[P(:(YY&Q8%._@I'(+4C_A7#?7TE\PLKZDOO7B::R#S
.V8OX$]$@#R
M&M9ZJ.15:E8




6_#5
(46ZU14V^@6S7)*]75BZ/9+KHUS]*.\PA/
)T2G
MN37^J

MV_Z4_EMRAP9#EOR/W!-OLW^N+]ESK7'/?G8OI=F]C4^#
#;EM'7-%KVLKX%V
M/YVTGT[:3R?MIY/VTTGY/Q*7 2&\-.7H??G[8@S:5WQ*.[RCXVF4'*X8%(/$
M5:_2GCP*






AS1%M^O)D(!?NF1:OH=#R0B#.<ADDPCOO)NM%[6*%O<R_-

$_J^CNXQ\ /U\8R[%[?HB0\D9



MFZBV



1 5?&28&IG0PD2?T5QP%XH.$.ZP4LB#FF0H?P!HYSP6'D1

5QD'HT]L&RL-'C);L3O?&D85G





]86AKB+=6NNILU5VA.QPZW)T6.2YN&_


MY@5


MA%\X0.&W@Z!$RAEDM6*$44D9
=*(T'8('M*Q-[&A5OMPY]$2I[?DXH&I 9=P
MBG1/IWI]H6=5(PEM[$*



EXDQ&;A=I9_<D(5T=8!N
ML$^WUS5KU.;M.R@6NJ:'P#3.Z;8$YX/Y#%A-.L
.A3?]:+VM5!Z1BHW1_L


&P921.NQ\7WA&C%;Y0Y*&_\*;

M



M%V+
4)
;+]^%K?)+0S/0A%@2+V8QV:ZKD51=$'Y_U79.UJST+U:-9%OO^9




M
B0I!LQ7$
!?I4AGXV

5+4L&B$YA



R^=IBSRH=AER8;+!-6G[S712J
M9+0*1L+
8)\G6]OQ_-;Q]#!'V8G*ZM8MP#WO?(9@-:<8#ZDYC<
MBAZ+].#\N=;N!G+@
Y +Y
%797UCU44*9\\&*U?V$5.5M+S43.=JN#VEXYU#



19@!
M5IH 0= 8#A*9##DU)3+4D9IF2UPJ<B8N!OPR/3019!R
K:55V!$/AL!JV@1


)]F^WF!1\\A[Q(B;;Z-;
!-.2 @:R?


M9[.K\8?Q]7QTA2XFM^=7T]N/-V













LV\F.J(N=:'/

T0D*2#V90([@\Q_'
M-VAR?3[]





57'(?*8Z;S]!!Z0_[KT


UC*6]01
(%H43UP-6^'Y*(J# KC*&3V(]6 ?,\3MGS9YZGX=TJ9R[R8W/3.*<Z(J(



MOKG]O;=



M153Q
JP*=;?#^M^TCJHT1YBLA_5ZWUUI0&X+O#K?U.R:+'CEO@]1R=LQ*&EH



IK@T)X5




2CH+[C&
SR%]=W327]9 &1+G

M48CQ.40-3JZA4%

5

M+4'7DPCT8]Y/9LCI1R/





MVYWSG%-G&,65D_!L,YHU)1HZ_)CS2;9
8

6]?X4MC0P&1M
MN+#9&!?












M.J+07

CR!W+2#;(PJ]HT00168
K


MX6ZB582![=H49ZN[*/0OH\3;Q:_#=QVR.%HP5Y84$6,K-S+QURURHHTO*




P/L




'?@FA
78



MC\8:0][\T.O. &3][*'69KX& ?LOD0=:NDC''7D:J1Q[EOR0:=09\'8QFA
M85@TR05C5P0N

4
SNL]J..[Y!V



NB.?

+XS:#
MV


MBT$#4IU ZI-U.;1/8?[ '9M39PA-!4FLP'((#IN)NDC+IL@_J]'!1LYIN2P@


T7CW_]G-0-.28[
:VP
^P3W3

MIHX L(]&.H]SIE

9'*!)8
A8
MMD/(7AQ#8S_E;((4





P;







M8I:H%$7U//2!7

MYT.A&'$G]DU#\;M
&S?R_72%@X9COP!!6EWMIXX3RP?!5B-Y7



0AJ:T*[
%-KDIJCO2(_??]9]1ORGSLO
MP]]_]O]02P
&R5[4G.
MJ:VM%$5$G8H4@%(CY5?OP IRKR@09 B14#62\:Q&V#W]P$--Z-G__YL'/

M(^=HLCHZ'W[NW] 0!^B(^M/@NT703T=]Y][RN



=G





K/^.LW:(;Y1[W@REJ@G+Z@6$J_-*=]DM75


M5V%T5J\XPE=C(BUK


16P.=!W,$<D8!WA


M7R(2K


MDU%44L@0FLI


$G.SE7(D=%LL

MRHPM[(R\@;7$@94_2%\F;1(GH

M(T#G*
U)7ZW -JJ4XA,%\32)MG6B*.$8DRLVB%)J A<WT
M,*K(Z!;*9/6.4^OTPV#N$_PW<I28+!3:!P:+2.@6_HCTC;(M5&%M76!_&$L0
MTTB$ND*)_)2+;4_OFD\^IR+W*S%E)QS%,I:2:)2ICHMGE9R)7.M3)2AA/


3AO7G-QNOC1A8%/F8.)/IO#
O]7[3$LF*-;I!Q=*1P3?PIN.Z4E
MM

DQ*3=0N%OUCD&^*J\AN:3G1BE3XJ
M#E!44JA;GDK;6YJI


M:3
HQ[:ME95

MI4RCMQ0%W;)^_H'P;
XTZ]\SOS]#5^%BPD;G::1\ZGB'&ILU*S.-Y+J8R1-Y









M:Y;U6(4J
9A6$)?F]KV5O'_P?)L%)\64QQU1(5TYD+5[N;N]M? 7G5,$I8R
M&GWY.%5G UH)_NBEA^CA!\J^J-CT184, U]H=W,O.=; 7K7ITL9C;Z\Z7?X
M1J-IQYW4!F.E(TZ]YFZ

M2W UB5!R0;*2QE-1XHI:B\?'!TM[0S8
5Q6%C*) Y RP'\ZX3K=?!7'8O%



LT^K





M645F+;#40:JYB9PXV!Z'Q)Y;_

M3.+I

M'-V3G4Y/1+3LUPIM$[@0#I] ;FS47%_N26[[)*DA!


.W/4RN1R=%5N))3$ H%]J$5R/ ET=-9+WO.?P?O@!U;[G<J_49@(2L


M[\H*V#\\X5IR1J9N6A9YI3M-Q)7I9N[S1N5[IB-G]B7OI4,;+(2'2VW%;$

^MD D/E+GF'7?:

M
QUU:S7E#AV]I@UB=&_QS



;1WUSXP.3[!+-I8?) 91?3R6%C&B\ZH9KTW?

SY/%%_.W[LK3VCOJV5*=#7Z][%@X&5;WW5ZS$*']0



O9?
K^[X[]#/1UG5T
I//!NU34/8LC

M%*$PR\T


M[/G4TTUG+U3/HH.+JJC[!L[KJ0CP6%G $K6RQK@K12C

M]V:7^!XY\1N1._912JKH[)*4##AXH*JQU2.HA!&R]*GEBN$MC[OJ5&6
?ZH'
ME%GNZK=




M Z2-KP)S;$3+8:S;(6?@+Y:(N5TN$:5





[63E3:2QGFY3M^3:%^'ZW9
M]%ZS/YW!*U0B
5



.0SXVLL$2^TYZ#X;I?HO(

M;.[8UN:3;Q5:YUM#6^?;DM;9W*&NY).]T_+6^2AC%IPIV]J^=G3G!Y9['08T



MY-Y06(^[YD;B.[18^L0BJR%F?HMI9-ZA43C,2I


MBCH?YH *^A:PO%ZRF0]_?_/2IW1@$;*:^N2[11PH
J]2@\:^HQ8@;2^



4     !999%,^FQ !Y=5  !#30, $0
M    @ $     ;G1F;TR
#$W
3(S
2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     !999%
:
?#

4     !999%,1#^+T+ &  S30  %0              @ $C8P

M2+   !4              ( !!FH  &YT9FPM
C Q-S$R
S%?9&5F+GAM;%!+

4     !999%,Z;=J;4:   (

end



