

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-19-001394
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20181231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20190402
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20190402
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NUTRALIFE BIOSCIENCES
 INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001563463
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	DAIRY PRODUCTS [2020]
		IRS NUMBER:				461482900
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55144
		FILM NUMBER:		19723968
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6601 LYONS ROAD
		CITY:			L 6 COCONUT CREEK
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33073
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888 509 8901
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6601 LYONS ROAD
		CITY:			L 6 COCONUT CREEK
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33073
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NUTRAFUELS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20121210
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NUTRAFUELS
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20121203







Washington
For the fiscal year ended December 31
NUTRALIFE BIOSCIENCES
6601 Lyons Road
Coconut Creek
(Address
 including zip code
 and telephone number
 including area code
Common Stock
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&#167;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such reports)
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&#167; 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of the registrant&#8217;s knowledge
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller reporting company
 or emerging growth company. See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;smaller reporting company
If an emerging growth company
As of December 31
 2018 and March 27
 2019
 we had 97
315
941 and 128
667
583 shares outstanding
 respectively
Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
Directors
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
Exhibits
This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this &#8220;Report&#8221;) contains &#8220;forward-looking statements&#8221; within the meaning of the Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &#8220;Securities Act&#8221;)
 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;). Forward-looking statements discuss matters that are not historical facts. Because they discuss future events or conditions
 forward-looking statements may include words such as &#8220;anticipate
&#8221; &#8220;believe
&#8221; &#8220;estimate
&#8221; &#8220;intend
&#8221; &#8220;could
&#8221; &#8220;should
&#8221; &#8220;would
&#8221; &#8220;may
&#8221; &#8220;seek
&#8221; &#8220;plan
&#8221; &#8220;might
&#8221; &#8220;will
&#8221; &#8220;expect
&#8221; &#8220;predict
&#8221; &#8220;project
&#8221; &#8220;forecast
&#8221; &#8220;potential
&#8221; and &#8220;continue&#8221; negatives thereof or similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are found in various places throughout this Report and include but are not limited to information concerning possible or assumed future results of our operations; business strategies; future cash flows; regulation financing plans; plans and objectives of management; any other statements regarding future operations
 future cash needs
 regulation
 business plans and future financial results
From time to time
 forward-looking statements also are included in our other periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (&#8220;SEC&#8221;) on Form 10-K
 Forms 10-Q and 8-K
 in our press releases
 in our presentations
 on our website and in other materials released to the public. Any or all of the forward-looking statements included in this Report and in any other reports or public statements made by us are not guarantees of future performance and may turn out to be inaccurate. These forward-looking statements represent our intentions
 plans
 expectations
 assumptions and beliefs about future events and are subject to risks
 uncertainties and other factors. Many of those factors are outside of our control and could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied by those forward-looking statements. In light of these risks
 uncertainties and assumptions
 the events described in the forward-looking statements might not occur or might occur to a different extent or at a different time than we have described. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
Except to the extent required by law
 we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements
 whether as a result of new information
 future events
 a change in events
 conditions
 circumstances or assumptions underlying such statements
NutraLife BioSciences
 Inc. (&#8220;us&#8221;
 &#8220;we&#8221; or the &#8220;Company&#8221;) was founded in 2010 by Edgar Ward
 the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer
 President &amp; Director to engage in the development
 manufacturing and distribution of nutritional and dietary oral spray products. Since then the Company has evolved into a branded and private label developer
 manufacturer and distributor of a wide range of nutraceutical
 wellness
 and CBD products. The Company&#8217;s revenues increased from&nbsp;$225
293 in 2016 to $3
711
The Company&#8217;s manufacturing facility has been registered with the Food and Drug Administration and its manufacturing facility has operated in accordance with the Good Manufacturing Processes Standard (GMP) for more than five years. Our products adhere to high manufacturing standards throughout every step of the manufacturing and extraction process. Our products are formulated
 developed
 manufactured and produced under the supervision of Edgar Ward
 our Chief Executive Officer
 President and Director. Once produced our products are tested by our in-house laboratory chemists. Our nutraceutical and industrial CBD products are of the highest-quality and laboratory tested for strength
 purity and contaminants such as heavy metals
 pesticides
We offer thirteen (13) different core formulations which we modify to meet the specifications of our private label customers. We provide approximately 50 different variations of our core formulations. Our private label products include CBD-infused oral sprays
 tinctures
 pet drops
 pain balms
 and face creams
Our spray products and tinctures are available in various formulations and strengths and are available for purchase online directly from the Company through its website at www.nutralifebiosciences.com
 as well as through numerous other private label distributors
NutraLife BioSciences
 Inc
 was formed as a limited liability company in the state of Florida on April 1
 2010. On December 3
 2012
Precision Analytic Testing
 LLC
 a Florida limited liability company (&#8220;PAT&#8221;) formed on May 11
 2017
NutraDerma Technologies
 Inc.
 (&#8220;NutraDerma&#8221;) a Florida corporation formed on January 28
 2019
PhytoChem Technologies
 Inc.
 a Florida corporation (&#8220;PhytoChem&#8221;) formed on February 4
 2019
TransDermalRX
 Inc.
 a Florida corporation (&#8220;TransDermal&#8221;) formed on February 8
Bankruptcy
We have not been involved in a bankruptcy receivership or similar proceeding. Additionally
 we have not been involved in a reclassification
 merger
 consolidation
We are a manufacturer and distributor of nutraceutical
 dietary
For the years ending on December 31
 of 2017 and 2018
 we generated revenues of $1
790
168 and $3
711
327
In March of 2017
 we began selling CBD products. Since that time
 revenues from sales of our CBD products increased from approximately&nbsp;$1
380
000 for the year ended December 31
 2017 to $2
400
000 for the year ended December 31
We manufacture and distribute private label and branded products. In the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2018
 private label sales represented 91% and 99% of our revenue
Our CBD products are derived from the seeds and mature stalks of the Cannabis Sativa plant which includes all parts and varieties of the cannabis sativa plant also known as hemp
 which contain a tetrahydrocannabinol concentration (&#8220;THC&#8221;) that does not exceed 0.3 percent on a dry-weight basis. In December of 2018
 the U.S. Food and Drug Administration completed an evaluation of three generally recognized as safe (GRAS) notices for hemp seed-derived food ingredients. The FDA stated that hulled hemp seed (GRN765)
 hemp seed protein powder (GRN771)
 and hemp seed oil (GRN778) are GRAS under their intended conditions of use. Our CBD products are made from seeds and mature stalks of hemp and contain only trace amounts of THC
Our branded products include NutraHemp CBD products including oral sprays
 tinctures
 pet drops
 pain balms
In November of 2018
 our wholly owned subsidiary PAT began providing bulk material analytical
 identity
In January of 2019
 our wholly owned subsidiary
In March of 2019
 we licensed our technology for a unique system for pharmaceutical grade delivery of testosterone into the human body to licensed pharmacist
We purchase raw materials and produce goods only upon receipt of a firm commitment from our private label customers and we require payment in full prior to shipping. Once a product is shipped to a customer
We provide superior customer service by controlling the entire production process of our products. By controlling the production process
 we have the ability to tailor products to a customer's specific needs
 offer customers rapid order turn around time
We seek to add value to customers' overall merchandising effort. We work closely with our customers to develop distinctive product lines at their particular price points. This process allows our customers to achieve a degree of differentiation from their retail competitors. We believe our ability to develop
 manufacture and offer high quality
We will seek to increase sales to our existing customers by expanding sales of additional products. Certain of our customers began their relationship with us by purchasing only one of our products. Since these initial purchases
We seek to increase sales to customers by offering products in categories outside of our traditional product offerings. In November of 2018
 through our wholly owned subsidiary PAT
 we began providing bulk material analytical
 identity
 potency and purity testing of raw hemp. In 2019
 we plan to commercialize a patented all-natural dermal skin patch that prevents mosquito and other insect bites. Through our wholly owned subsidiary PhytoChem
We plan to leverage our sales
Our private label sales represent 21 different brands of products manufactured by us. Sales to private label customers represented approximately 91% and 99% of our revenues for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2018
 respectively. Our industrial hemp CBD products represented 77% and 78% of private label sales in the year ended December 31
Our private label products are sold primarily to five (5) private-label distributors
 3 Point Ops
 NF Skin
 Organic by Nature
 My Daily Choice
 and Oxzgen
 which represented 32%
 25%
 17%
 13%
 and 4% percent of our sales in the year ended December 31
Our private label products as less expensive than brand name products
Once developed
 our products are manufactured at our facility in Coconut Creek
 Florida. We obtain all raw materials and ingredients for our products from third party suppliers. For all orders we receive
 we manufacture
 package
 label and ship the product to the customer. We lease an aggregate of six thousand four hundred (6
400) square feet of office and warehouse space at 6601 Lyons Rd
 Suites L-6&amp;7
 Coconut Creek
 Florida 33073. Approximately five thousand eight hundred (5
800) square feet at this location is used for manufacturing
On June 6
 2017
 we entered into an agreement to lease nineteen thousand eight hundred and thirty-one (19
831) square feet in Deerfield Beach
 FL 33441. We plan to use seventeen thousand eight hundred (17
800) square feet of the new Deerfield Beach location for manufacturing
By manufacturing our own products
 we believe that we maintain better control over product quality and availability while also reducing production costs. Our manufacturing process generally consists of the following operations: (a) sourcing ingredients for products
 (b) warehousing raw ingredients
 (c) efficacy testing and measuring ingredients for inclusion in products
 and (d) blending using automatic equipment. The next step
 bottling and packaging
 involves filling
 capping
 coding
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) requires companies manufacturing homeopathic medicines to have their facilities certified as Good Manufacturing Practices (GMPs). Our manufacturing facility is registered with the FDA and is compliant with its GMP certification. Our quality control program seeks to ensure the superior quality of our products and that they are manufactured in accordance with current GMP. Our processing methods are monitored closely to ensure that only quality ingredients are used and to ensure product purity. Periodically
The raw materials for our industrial hemp CBD products consist of Cannabidiol rich oil and isolate. We obtain the raw materials for our industrial hemp CBD products from state licensed suppliers. We obtain the raw materials for our other non-CBD based products from several ingredient suppliers located in the U.S. These raw materials consist of naturally derived vitamins and nutrients. The raw materials used by us are available from a variety of suppliers. We maintain a good relationship with our suppliers and do not anticipate that any of our suppliers will terminate their relationship with us in the near term. We have ongoing relationships with secondary and tertiary suppliers. In the event
Upon completion of the manufacturing process
 our products are shipped directly to customers. Private label products are packaged by us in the packaging provided by each customer. All shipping
 bills of lading and invoices are generated by us from our Coconut Creek
We ship the product ordered within forty-five (45) days to our private label distributors
We have in place comprehensive quality control procedures to ensure that raw materials and finished goods meet our exacting quality standards. Each product we offer is based upon the research of Edgar Ward
 our Chief Executive Officer
 President
 and sole Director
 with the assistance of our in-house chemists. Our products are and
 in the future
 will continue to be identified by Mr. Ward based upon suggestions from our customers
 and from industry and market research he conducts on an ongoing basis. We do not employ medical professionals and our management does not have experience in the healthcare industry or in the treatment of disease. Our products have not been confirmed in any respect by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration or any other governmental agency and may not produce the results intended. In developing products
ingredients that are supported with a certificate of analysis
our products do not contain adulterated ingredients such as ephedra
 androstenedione
 aspartame
 steroids
Our Chief Executive Officer
 President and Director
We use web based marketing to promote our brands and products including social media and promotion of our website at www.nutralifebiosciences.com. Our websites provide useful information about our industry
 new developments and our products and allows visitors to order our retail and wholesale wellness
 nutraceutical and CBD products. We use Search Engine Optimization (SEO) on an ongoing basis to drive traffic to our website and social media pages and enhance our presence on major search engines such as Google
We emphasize the development of long-term relationships with our customers. We have established strong relationships with individual buyers at each of our private label customers
 and more importantly
A key component of our ability to achieve long-term relationships is the high level of services that we provide to our customers. Each sales person is responsible for all aspects of a customer's needs
 including product samples
 obtaining orders
 coordinating product selection
 monitoring production and delivering finished products. During the production process
 such salesperson is responsible for informing the customer about the progress of an order
 including any difficulties that might affect delivery time. In this way
 we and our customer can make appropriate arrangements regarding any delay or other change in the order. Further
Our sales force is in constant contact with our customers to develop an understanding of the customers' retail strategies and production requirements. We use this information to provide our customers with products that meet their particular requirements efficiently. We require that our sales force be knowledgeable about all aspects of our products. We believe our knowledgeable sales force enables it to provide our customers immediate feedback as to the various costs and availability of various raw materials
As of the date hereof
 we have approximately twenty-six&nbsp;(26) full-time and part-time employees. Four (4) employees are chemists engaged in product development and testing
 four (4) are engaged in executive or administrative capacities
 thirteen (13) employees are engaged in manufacturing
From time to time
We will exchange any product found to be defective. A written exchange request must be submitted when a customer returns defective or damaged products. Purchasers can apply for a refund in the full amount of purchased products within ten (10) days of purchase. All shipping fees for product exchanges or returns must be paid by the purchaser. Historically
We received federal trademark registration for the expression &#8220;Spray your way to a healthier day!&#8221; that we use
 or intend to use
 to distinguish ourselves from others. All trademark registrations are protected for an initial period of five (5) years and then are renewable after five (5) years
 if still in use
Our wholly owned subsidiary
 NutraDerma holds patent number 7
754
237 from the U.S. Patent and Trademark office
 for an all natural dermal patch designed to prevent mosquito and other insect bites. We plan to test
On February 4
 2019
 our wholly owned subsidiary known as Phytochem Technologies
 Inc. (&#8220;Phytochem entered into an agreement (the &#8220;Agreement&#8221;) with Owen Morgan
 an individual
 where by Mr. Morgan will provide certain know how and services to Phytochem for the commercialization of certain technologies (the &#8220;Technology&#8221;) to separate and/or process the components of hemp to remove and/or modify
 purify
Mr. Morgan is obligated to provide services to Phytochem for a period of one (1) year. In exchange for his services
 Mr. Morgan received $65
520 upon execution of the Agreement and will be compensated $15
000 monthly. Mr. Morgan&#8217;s services include overseeing all aspects of the manufacturing which shall be done in the United Kingdom. Phytochem is obligated to pay up to $10
000 to manufacture a demo unit (&#8220;Demo Unit&#8221;) using the Technology and $400
000 plus enhancement costs
Phytochem is obligated to pay Mr. Morgan 40% of net revenues derived from the commercialization of the Technology. In addition
 Mr. Morgan shall receive shares of the Common Stock of NTFU upon certain milestones. Upon receipt of the Demo Unit and Commercial Unit
 Mr. Morgan shall receive 500
000 and 1
500
000 shares
 respectively. If the commercialization of the Technology results in revenues of $1
000
000
 $5
000
000 and $10
000
000
 Mr. Morgan shall receive 2
000
000 shares upon each milestone. If the commercialization of the Technology results in revenues of $25
000
000
 $50
000
000
 and $100
000
000
 Mr. Morgan shall receive 4
000
000
 5
000
000 and 5
000
000 shares
 respectively
On March 10
 2019
 we entered into an agreement (the &#8220;Agreement&#8221;) with Orlando Pharmacy Inc.
 a Florida corporation (the &#8220;Pharmacy&#8221;) whereby we granted a limited exclusive license to the Pharmacy for a unique process for a delivery system to deliver testosterone into the human body using an oral spray. Under the terms of the Agreement
Within three (3) months after execution
 if the Pharmacy fails to have net revenues of at least $10
Within one year after execution
 if the Pharmacy fails to have net revenues of at least $500
Within two years after execution
 if the Pharmacy fails to have net revenues of at least $2
000
Within three years after execution
 if the Pharmacy fails to have net revenues of at least $3
000
Within four years after execution
 if the Pharmacy fails to have net revenues of at least $4
000
Within five years after execution
 if the Pharmacy fails to have net revenues of at least $5
000
On March 10
 2019
 we entered into an agreement with NewLeaf Assets
 LLC
 a Delaware Limited Liability Company (&#8220;NewLeaf&#8221;) as amended
 (the &#8220;Agreement&#8221;) whereby NewLeaf invested an aggregate of $1
380
NewLeaf invested the sums of $250
000
 $130
000 and $1
000
000 on July 31
 2018
 August 31
 2018 and March 15
 2019
On July 31
 2018 NewLeaf was granted 2
000
0000 shares of our common stock and warrants to purchase 625
On August 31
 2018 NewLeaf received warrants to purchase 325
On March 15
 2019
 NewLeaf invested the sum of $1
000
On March 15
 2019
 we issued 13
764
705 common shares
 warrants to purchase an additional 10 million common shares at the price of $.20 per share at anytime until March 4
 2022 and an option to purchase an aggregate of 7
647
058 common shares at the aggregate price of $650
000 at any time prior to April 8
As a result of the Investment
 NewLeaf holds an aggregate of 15
764
705 of our common shares
 warrants to purchase an additional 10
950
000 common shares for an aggregate price of $2
190
000 and an option to purchase an additional 7
647
058 common shares for an aggregate price of $650
000 at any time prior to April 8
The Company paid a finder&#8217;s fee of 10% in connection with the Investment. Under the terms of the Agreement
 if NewLeaf sells
 assigns
 gifts or otherwise transfers any portion of the Securities to any other person or entity (the &#8220;Transferees&#8221;)
The nutritional
 dietary supplement and industrial hemp CBD industries are highly competitive. Numerous manufacturers and distributors compete with us for customers throughout the United States selling products to private label customers and retailers such as mass merchandisers
 drug store chains
 independent pharmacies and health food stores. We are also vulnerable to competition from companies that can manufacture similar products to our products and compete for private label customers. The markets for our products are highly competitive. We compete on the basis of customer service
 product quality
We compete with major private label and broadline brand manufacturers many of which are larger and have access to greater resources than us. Among other factors
 competition among private label manufacturers is based upon price. If one or more private label or broadline brand manufacturers significantly reduce their prices in an effort to gain market share
 our results of operations or market position could be adversely affected. We also compete with manufacturers of nationally advertised brand name products which are larger and have resources substantially greater than us. In the future
Many of our indirect competitors are substantially larger
 have more experience than us
 have longer operating histories
We are in a business that involves the use of raw materials in a manufacturing process
 however
 it is unlikely that such materials are likely to result in the violation of any existing environmental rules and/or regulations. Further
 we do not own any real property that could lead to liability as a landowner. Therefore
We maintain commercial liability
 including product liability coverage
 and property insurance. Our policy provides for a general liability of five million dollars ($5
000
000) per occurrence
 and five million dollars ($5
000
000) annual aggregate coverage which includes our main corporate facility. We carry property coverage on our main office facility to cover our legal liability
 tenant&#8217;s improvements
 business property
The sale of our Hemp Finished Products is potentially subject to a complex web of federal and state regulations that are evolving at a rapid rate. The formulation
 manufacturing
 packaging
 labeling
 advertising
 and distribution of our products are subject to regulation by one or more federal agencies
 principally the Food and Drug Administration (&#8220;FDA&#8221;)
 the Federal Trade Commission (FTC)
 and
 to a lesser extent
 the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC)
 the United States Department of Agriculture (&#8220;USDA&#8221;)
 Drug Enforcement Agency (&#8220;DEA&#8221;) and the Environmental Protection Agency (&#8220;EPA&#8221;). Our activities are also regulated by various governmental agencies for the states and localities in which our products are sold
 as well as by governmental agencies in certain countries outside the United States in which our products are sold. These agencies can change their rules at any time. Should we become subject to FDA
The FDA under the Federal Food
 Drug
 and Cosmetic Act regulates the formulation
 manufacturing
 packaging
 labeling
 distribution and sale of drugs
 food
 including dietary supplements
On December 20
 2018
 the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018 also known as the &#8220;Farm Bill&#8221; was signed into law. The Farm Bill removed hemp from the Controlled Substances Act
 granted the U.S. Department of Agriculture the ability to regulate hemp defined as cannabis (Cannabis sativa L.)
The FDA under the Federal Food
 Drug
 and Cosmetic Act regulates the formulation
 manufacturing
 packaging
 labeling
 distribution and sale of drugs
 food
 including dietary supplements
 and over-the-counter drugs and any inclusion of cannabis or cannabis-derived compounds
 like CBD
 in such products would be regulated by the FDA regardless of the source of the cannabis substance
Our CBD products are derived from the seeds and mature stalks of the Cannabis Sativa plant which includes all parts and varieties of the cannabis sativa plant also known as hemp
 which contain a tetrahydrocannabinol concentration (&#8220;THC&#8221;) that does not exceed 0.3 percent on a dry-weight basis. In December of 2018
 the U.S. Food and Drug Administration completed an evaluation of three generally recognized as safe (GRAS) notices for hemp seed-derived food ingredients. The FDA stated that hulled hemp seed (GRN765)
 hemp seed protein powder (GRN771)
 and hemp seed oil (GRN778) are GRAS under their intended conditions of use. Some of the intended uses for these ingredients include adding them as source of protein
 carbohydrates
 oil
 and other nutrients to beverages (juices
 smoothies
 protein drinks
 plant-based alternatives to dairy products)
 soups
 dips
 spreads
 sauces
 dressings
 plant-based alternatives to meat products
 desserts
 baked goods
 cereals
 snacks and nutrition bars. Our CBD products are made from seeds and mature stalks of hemp and contain only trace amounts of THC
We have not obtained and do not plan to obtain FDA approval of our CBD products. As a result
 we could be subject to enforcement proceedings by the FDA. We do not believe that FDA enforcement proceedings are likely since our products only contain trace elements of THC and do not cause the high associated with the THC in marijuana. Additionally
 Hemp Finished Products like those sold by us are sold by large retailers online including Whole Foods
 Publix
 Wal-Mart and others. Despite the foregoing
Some states are considering various taxation of marijuana-related products including hemp finished products. These considerations seem to range from routine sales taxes to taxes similar to those imposed on tobacco products. Though
 for the reasons described above
 we do not believe the Hemp Finished Products to be subject to any marijuana-related taxation schemes
IRS section 280(E) prevents cannabis companies from deducting expenses from their income
 except for those considered cost of goods sold. No deduction or credit is allowed for any amount paid or incurred during the taxable year in carrying on any trade or business if such trade or business (or the activities which comprise such trade or business) consists of trafficking in controlled substances (within the meaning of schedule I and II of the Controlled Substances Act) which is prohibited by federal law or the law of any State in which such trade or business is conducted. Though
 for the reasons described above
 we do not believe the Hemp Finished Products to be appropriately treated as a controlled substance
 IRC 280(E) is enforced against us relating to deductions concerning our Hemp Finished Products
The formulation
 manufacturing
 packaging
 labeling
 advertising
 and distribution of our non-hemp based products are subject to regulation by one or more federal agencies
 principally the FDA
 the Federal Trade Commission (FTC)
 and
 to a lesser extent
 the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC)
 the United States Department of Agriculture (&#8220;USDA&#8221;)
 and the Environmental Protection Agency (&#8220;EPA&#8221;). Our activities are also regulated by various governmental agencies for the states and localities in which our products are sold
 as well as by governmental agencies in certain countries outside the United States in which our products are sold. Among other matters
 regulation by the FDA and FTC are concerned with product safety and claims made with respect to a product's ability to provide health-related benefits. Specifically
 the FDA
 under the Federal Food
 Drug
 and Cosmetic Act
 (FDCA)
 regulates the formulation
 manufacturing
 packaging
 labeling
 distribution and sale of food
 including dietary supplements
 and over-the-counter drugs. The FTC regulates the advertising of these products. The National Advertising Division (NAD) of the Council of Better Business Bureaus oversees an industry sponsored
 self-regulatory system that permits competitors to resolve disputes over advertising claims. The NAD has no enforcement authority of its own
 but may refer matters that appear to violate the Federal Trade Commission Act or the FDCA to the FTC or the FDA for further action
Federal agencies
 primarily the FDA and the FTC
 have a variety of procedures and enforcement remedies available to them including initiating investigations
 issuing warning letters and cease and desist orders
 requiring corrective labeling or advertising
 requiring consumer redress (for example
 requiring that a company offer to repurchase products previously sold to consumers)
 seeking injunctive relief or product seizures
 imposing civil penalties
 or commencing criminal prosecution. In addition
 certain state agencies have similar authority. These federal and state agencies have in the past used these remedies in regulating participants in the food
 dietary supplement and over-the-counter drug industries
The Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act (DSHEA) was enacted in 1994
The Nutrition Labeling and Education Act of 1990 (NLEA&#8221;) amended the FDCA to establish additional requirements for ingredient and nutrition labeling and labeling claims for foods. If the NLEA labeling requirements change at a future time
 we may need to revise our product labeling. Our non-CBD products are classified as dietary supplements. The FDA has concluded that THC and CBD products are excluded from the definition of a dietary supplement. The FDA issued a Final Rule on GMPs for dietary supplements on June 22
 2007. The GMPs cover manufacturers and holders of finished dietary supplement products
 including dietary supplement products manufactured outside the United States that are imported for sale into the United States. Among other things
 the new GMPs: (a) require identity testing on all incoming dietary ingredients
 call for a scientifically valid system for ensuring finished products meet all specifications
 (b) include requirements related to process controls
 including statistical sampling of finished batches for testing and requirements for written procedures
We have reviewed the GMPs and have taken steps to ensure compliance. While we believe we are in compliance
 there can be no assurance that our operations or those of our suppliers will be in compliance in all respects at all times. Additionally
On December 22
 2006
 Congress passed the Dietary Supplement and Nonprescription Drug Consumer Protection Act
 which went into effect on December 22
 2007. The law requires
 among other things
 that companies that manufacture or distribute nonprescription drugs or dietary supplements report serious adverse events allegedly associated with their products to the FDA and institute recordkeeping requirements for all adverse events (serious and non-serious). There is a risk that consumers
 the press and government regulators could misinterpret reported serious adverse events as evidence of causation by the ingredient or product complained of
 which could lead to additional regulations
 banned ingredients or products
 increased insurance costs and a potential increase in product liability litigation
The Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (CPSIA) primarily addresses children's product safety but also improves the administrative process of the CPSC. Among other things
The FDA Food Safety Modernization Act (FSMA)
 enacted January 4
 2011
 amended the FDCA to significantly enhance the FDA's authority over various aspects of food regulation. The FSMA granted the FDA mandatory recall authority when the FDA determines if there is reasonable probability that a food is adulterated or misbranded and that the use of
 or exposure to
One of the FSMA&#8217;s more significant changes is the requirement of hazard analysis and risk-based preventive controls (HARBPC) for all food facilities required to register with the FDA
 except dietary supplement facilities in compliance with both GMPs and the serious adverse event reporting requirements. Although dietary supplement facilities are exempt from the HARBPC requirements
 dietary ingredient facilities might not qualify for the exemption. The HARBPC requirements
 which the FDA has yet to propose
 are expected to be onerous because facilities will have to develop and implement preventive controls to assure that identified hazards are significantly minimized or prevented
As required by Section 113(b) of the FSMA
 the FDA published in July 2011
 a draft guidance document clarifying when the FDA believes a dietary ingredient is an NDI
 when a manufacturer or distributor must submit an NDI premarket notification to the FDA
 the evidence necessary to document the safety of an NDI and the methods for establishing the identity of an NDI. The draft guidance
 if implemented as proposed
 could have a material impact on our operations. Although our industry has strongly objected to several aspects of the draft guidance
 it is unclear whether the FDA will make changes to the final guidance. In addition
 it is possible that the FDA will begin taking enforcement actions consistent with the interpretations in the draft guidance before issuing a final version. The new FSMA requirements
 as well as the FDA enforcement of the NDI guidance as written
 could require us to incur additional expenses
 which could be significant
 and negatively impact our business in several ways
 including
 but not limited to
 the detention and refusal of admission of imported products
 the injunction of manufacturing of any dietary ingredients or dietary supplements until the FDA determines that such ingredients or products are in compliance and the potential imposition of fees for re-inspection of noncompliant facilities. Each of these events would increase our liability and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition
The FTC and the FDA have pursued a coordinated effort to challenge what they consider to be unsubstantiated and unsafe weight-loss products
 and have also coordinated enforcement against dietary supplement claims in other areas
 including children's products. Their efforts to date have focused on manufacturers and marketers as well as media outlets
 and have resulted in a significant number of investigations and enforcement actions
During the years ended December 31
 2017 and
 December 31
 2018
 we received $1
325
000 and $618
000
 from the sale of our securities. For the years ended December 31
 2017 and December 31
 2018
 our revenues were $1
790
168 and $3
711
327
 respectively from the sale of our products. Our operating expenses are presently approximately $284
000 per month or $3
400
000 annually which consist of rent
 advertising
 salaries and other general and administrative expenses. Our cash on hand as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is $823
000 which is sufficient to pay our operating expenses for approximately three (3) months. We do not have any arrangements for future financing. We are dependent on the sale of our securities to help fund our operations. There is no assurance we will be able to obtain future funding for our operations from the sale of our securities. The future issuance of our securities will result in substantial dilution in the percentage of our common stock held by our then existing stockholders
 and would likely have an adverse effect on any trading market for our common stock. Obtaining financing would be subject to a number of factors
 including investor acceptance. These factors may adversely affect the timing
 amount
 terms
 or conditions of any financing that we may obtain or make any additional financing unavailable to us. If we do not obtain additional financing to fund our future operations
There is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern as a result of our limited operating history and financial resources
For the years ended December 31
 2017 and December 31
 2018
 we incurred net losses of $23
629
117 and $2
074
537. As a result
We have limited historical performance for you to base an investment decision upon
For the years ended December 31
 2017 and
 December 31
 2018
 our revenues were $1
790
168 and $3
711
327 Accordingly
 we have limited historical performance upon which you may evaluate our prospects for achieving our business objectives and becoming profitable in light of our operating losses and the risks
 difficulties and uncertainties frequently encountered by companies with limited operations such as us. Accordingly
 before investing in our common stock
 you should consider the challenges
 expenses and difficulties that we will face as an early stage company
If we are unable to generate sufficient revenues for our operating expenses we will need financing
 which we may be unable to obtain; should we fail to obtain sufficient financing
For the years ended December 31
 2017 and December 31
 2018
 our revenues were $1
790
168&nbsp;and $3
711
327
 respectively from the sale of our products. For the years ended December 31
 2017 and December 31
 2018
 we incurred net losses of $23
629
117 and $2
074
Because we lack historical financial data
 including revenue data
Our operating expenses are presently approximately $284
000 per month or $3
400
000 annually
 which consists of rent
 advertising
 salaries and other general and administrative expenses. Our cash on hand as of the date of this Form 10-K is $823
000 which is sufficient to pay our operating expenses for approximately three (3) months. In the future
 we may require additional debt or equity funding to continue our operations. We intend to raise additional funds from an offering of our stock in the future; however
 this offering may never occur
 or if it occurs
Our liabilities could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations
As of December 31
 2018
 our total liabilities were approximately $1
015
075. Our liabilities could have important consequences for our investors
 including: making it more difficult for us to make payments on indebtedness; increasing our vulnerability to general economic and industry conditions; requiring a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on indebtedness when our indebtedness become due. This reduces our ability to use our cash flow to fund our operations
 capital expenditures and future business opportunities; limiting our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to obtain additional financing for working capital
 capital expenditures
 product development
 debt service requirements
 acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes; and limiting our ability to adjust to changing market conditions and placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors which have fewer liabilities. We may incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. If new indebtedness is added to our current debt levels
We have been growing rapidly and expect to continue to invest in our growth for the foreseeable future. If we are unable to manage our growth effectively
We have experienced rapid growth in a relatively short period of time. Our revenues were approximately $225
293
 $1
790
168 and $3
711
327 for the years ended December 31
 2016
 2017 and 2018
We plan to continue to expand our operations
 and we anticipate that further significant expansion will place additional demands on our resources and operations. We presently operate our manufacturing and distribution from a 6
400 square foot facility. We plan to begin manufacturing at a second facility consisting of 20
000 square feet in addition to our existing facility. Our future operating results depend to a large extent on our ability to manage this expansion and growth successfully. Sustaining our growth will place significant demands on our management as well as on our administrative
 operational
 and financial resources. To manage our growth
 we must continue to improve our sales and manage our operational systems. If we are unable to manage our growth successfully
effectively recruiting
 integrating
 training
 and motivating new employees
 including our sales force
 while retaining existing private label distributors and effectively executing our new business plan focusing on the processing
implementing and enhancing our administrative
 operational
 and financial infrastructure
 systems
A failure to manage our growth effectively could harm our business
 operating results
 financial condition. Further
 due to our recent rapid growth
 we have limited experience operating at our current scale and potentially at a larger scale
 and as a result
 it may be difficult for us to fully evaluate future prospects and risks. Our recent and historical growth should not be considered indicative of our future performance. We have encountered in the past
 and will encounter in the future
 risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing industries. If our assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties
 which we use to plan and operate our business
 are incorrect or change
 or if we do not address these risks successfully
 our financial condition and operating results could differ materially from our expectations
Our revenues are highly dependent upon four private label distributors
 which represented 32%
 25%
 17%
 and 13%
 of our revenues for the year December 31
Our revenues are concentrated and highly dependent on four (4) private label customers which represented 32%
 25%
 17%
 and 13%
 of our revenues for the year ended December 31
 2018. All sales made under a private label relationship are made on a purchase order basis and there are no long-term contracts with respect to any private label relationships. There can be no assurance that existing private label relationships will continue in the future or that we will be able to obtain new private label relationships on an ongoing basis
 if at all. Our private label customers can reduce the products they order from us or cease ordering products from us at any time without notice. There can be no assurance that these private label customers will continue to place orders with us
 that orders by such customers will continue at their previous levels or that we can replace any such lost business. Should this occur
As a result of our evolving business model
 we have a limited operating history in our lines of business and
 therefore
 we may not be able to correctly estimate our future operating expenses
Since our inception
 our business model has evolved significantly. In 2017
 we began selling CBD products and as a result our revenues increased from $1
790
168 in 2017 to $3
711
327 in 2018. CBD became our main source of income
 and we focused on generating revenue through private label manufacturers. As a result of the change in our business model
 our revenues have significantly increased from prior periods. We have a limited operating history for our CBD products from which to evaluate our business. Our failure to successfully execute our business plan would have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue operating. Accordingly
 our prospects must be considered in light of the risks
 expenses
 and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in an early stage of development. We may not be successful in addressing such risks
 and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business
Because we do not have any written contracts with our customers who are free to purchase products from other suppliers. If a significant number of our customers began to use competing companies instead of us
Our CBD products are made from Hemp Finished Products. Under 21 U.S.C. &#167; 802(16)
 the seeds (incapable of germination) and the mature stalks of the Cannabis sativa plant
 together with products made from these parts
 are known as Hemp Finished Products and are exempted from the definition of cannabis and are legal. Continued development of the cannabis and cannabidiol related industries is dependent upon continued legislative legalization of cannabis and cannabidiol related products at the state level
 and a number of factors could slow or halt progress in this area
 even where there is public support for legislative action. Any delay or halt in the passing or implementation of legislation for the re-criminalization or restriction of cannabidiol at the state level could negatively impact our business because of the perception that it is related to cannabidiol. Additionally
 changes in applicable state and local laws or regulations could restrict the products and services we offer or impose additional compliance costs on us or our customers. Violations of applicable laws
 or allegations of such violations
 could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on our operations. We cannot predict the nature of any future laws
 regulations
 interpretations or applications
We recently entered the CBD Market and as a result
 we are subject to numerous potential regulatory matters
The Drug Enforcement Administration (&#8220;DEA&#8221;) which enforces the controlled substances laws of the United States has issued various rules and announcements concerning various items considered to be marijuana extracts which may encompass Cannabinoids. The uncertainty involves the extent to which the DEA will try to restrict the marketing or distribution of hemp finished/CBD products which we manufacture and distribute. If the DEA or other government agency were to take any action concerning our CBD products
The manufacture
 labeling and distribution of our products is regulated by various federal
 state and local agencies. These governmental authorities may commence regulatory or legal proceedings
We are subject to additional regulation as a result of our CBD products. The shifting compliance environment and the need to build and maintain robust systems to comply with different compliance in multiple jurisdictions increase the possibility that we may violate one or more of the requirements. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of such laws or any other governmental regulations that apply to us
 we may be subject to penalties
 including
 without limitation
 civil and criminal penalties
 damages
 fines
 the curtailment or restructuring of our operations
Failure to comply with FDA requirements may result in
 among other things
 injunctions
 product withdrawals
 recalls
 product seizures
 fines and criminal prosecutions. Our advertising is subject to regulation by the FTC under the FTCA. In recent years
 the FTC has initiated numerous investigations of dietary and nutrition supplement products and companies. Additionally
 some states also permit advertising and labeling laws to be enforced by private attorney generals
 who may seek relief for consumers
 seek class action certifications
 seek class wide damages and product recalls of products sold by us. Any actions against us by governmental authorities or private litigants could have a material adverse effect on our business
We are highly dependent upon positive consumer perceptions of the safety and quality of our products as well as similar products distributed by other wellness
 nutraceutical and CBD companies. Consumer perception of nutrition supplements and our products
 in particular
 can be substantially influenced by scientific research or findings
 national media attention and other publicity about product use. Adverse publicity from these sources regarding the safety
 quality or efficacy of nutritional supplements and our products could harm our reputation and results of operations. The mere publication of news articles or reports asserting that such products may be harmful or questioning their efficacy could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations
If the products we sell do not have the healthful effects intended
In general
 our products contain food
 nutritional supplements which do not currently require approval from the FDA or other regulatory agencies prior to sale. Many of our products contain innovative ingredients or combinations of ingredients. There is little long term experience with human or other animal consumption of certain of these ingredients or combinations thereof in concentrated form. Our products could have certain side effects if not taken as directed or if taken by a consumer that has certain medical conditions. Furthermore
 there can be no assurance that any of the products
 even when used as directed
 will have the effects intended or will not have harmful side effects. Should our products cause unwanted side effects or not have the results intended
 it could have a material adverse effect on our business
As a manufacturer and distributor of products intended for human consumption
 we are subject to product liability claims if the use of our products for others is alleged to have resulted in injury. Our products consist of vitamins
 minerals
 herbs
 lotions and other ingredients that are not subject to pre-market regulatory approval in the United States or internationally. Previously unknown adverse reactions resulting from human consumption of these ingredients could occur which would likely result in product liability claims against us which would increase our costs and adversely affect our reputation and harm our business. We may be held liable if any illness or injury caused by any product we develop
 manufacture or distribute
 if any such product is found to be unsuitable for use. In addition to any reputational damage we would suffer
 we cannot guarantee that our product liability insurance or that of any of our suppliers would fully cover potential liabilities. In the event of litigation
 any adverse judgments against us would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition
 including our cash balances
We maintain insurance
 including property
 general and product liability
 and workers&#8217; compensation to protect ourselves against potential loss exposures. There is no assurance that our insurance will be sufficient to cover any claims that are asserted against us. In the future
 insurance coverage may not be available at adequate levels or on adequate terms to cover potential losses
 including on terms that meet our customer&#8217;s requirements. If insurance coverage is inadequate or unavailable
 we may face claims that exceed coverage limits or that are not covered
Our intellectual property rights are valuable
We manufacture products primarily for third parties who sell the products under their own brand names. We also sell products under our own brand names. Our product formulations are not patented and there are numerous companies selling similar products. As such
Our competitors may have or develop equivalent or superior manufacturing and design skills
 and may develop an enhancement to our formulations that will be patentable or otherwise protected from duplication by others. Further
 we may be unable or unwilling to strictly enforce our intellectual property rights
 including our trademarks
 from infringement. Our inability to obtain and/or failure to enforce our intellectual property rights could diminish the value of our product offerings and have a material adverse effect on our business
 prospects
 results of operations
Our business is highly competitive
 and our failure to compete effectively could adversely affect our market share
The nutritional supplement
 wellness and CBD industries are highly competitive with respect to price
 brand and product recognition and new product introductions. Many of our competitors are larger
 more established and possess greater financial
 personnel
 distribution and other resources. We face competition (a) in the health food channel from a limited number of large nationally known manufacturers
 private label brands and many smaller manufacturers of dietary and nutrition supplements; and (b) in the mass-market distribution channel from manufacturers
 major private label manufacturers and others. Private label brands at mass-market chains represent substantial sources of income for these merchants and the mass-market merchants often support their own labels at the expense of other brands. As such
 the growth of our brands within food
 drug
 and general mass-market merchants are highly competitive and uncertain. If we cannot compete effectively
We may experience greater than expected product returns
In the year ended December 31
 2018
 product returns represented 1% of our sales. Products may be returned for various reasons
Our inability to obtain adequate supplies of raw materials in a timely manner or a material increase in the price of the raw materials used in our products could have a material adverse effect on our business
Our business is affected by general economic conditions since our products are discretionary and we depend
 to a significant extent
 upon a number of factors relating to discretionary consumer spending. These factors include economic conditions and perceptions of such conditions by consumers
 employment rates
 the level of consumers' disposable income
 business conditions
 interest rates
We may not be able to anticipate consumer preferences and trends within the diet and nutritional industry
Our products must appeal to a broad range of consumers
 whose preferences cannot be predicted with certainty and are subject to rapid change. Our products will need to successfully meet constantly changing consumer demands. If our products are not successfully received by our private label distributors and their customers
 our business
 financial condition
Should we lose the services of Edgar Ward
 our founder
 Chief Executive Officer
 President and sole Director
Our future depends on the continued contributions of Edgar Ward
 our founder
 Chief Executive Officer
 President and sole Director who would be difficult to replace. The services of Mr. Ward are critical to the management of our business and operations. Additionally
 we do not maintain key man life insurance on Mr. Ward. Should we lose the services of Mr. Ward
 and be unable to replace his services with equally competent and experienced personnel
 our operational goals and strategies would likely be adversely affected
Because we do not have an audit or compensation committee
We do not have an audit or compensation committee or board of directors as a whole
 that is composed of independent directors. These functions are performed by our sole director. Because our sole Director is not independent
 there is a potential conflict between their or our interests and our shareholders&#8217; interests since Edgar Ward
 our sole Board Member
 is also our Chief Executive Officer and President who will participate in discussions concerning management compensation and audit issues that may affect management decisions. Until we have an audit committee or independent directors
 there may less oversight of management decisions and activities and little ability for minority shareholders to challenge or reverse those activities and decisions
Our Vice-President devotes limited time to our business
 which may negatively impact our plan of operations
Neil Catania
 our Vice-President currently devotes only ten (10) hours to our business each month. Our Chief Executive Officer and President
 Edgar Ward
 devotes full time to our business however
Our Chief Executive Officer
 President and sole Director has voting control over all matters submitted to a vote of our common stockholders
As of December 31
 2018
 we had 97
315
941 shares
 respectively
 of our common stock outstanding
 each entitled to one vote per common share. Our Chief Executive Officer
 President and sole Director
 Edgar Ward
 held 22
899
407 common shares directly
 1
000
000 shares indirectly and 1
000 Series A Preferred Shares at December 31
 2018 which provide 500
000 votes per share or an aggregate of 500
000
000 votes on all matters submitted to our stockholders. As a result
 Mr. Ward controls 523
899
407 of 597
315
941 votes or approximately 88% of all votes and has the ability to determine the outcome of all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval
 including the election of directors. Mr. Ward&#8217;s control of our voting securities may make it impossible to complete some corporate transactions without his support and may prevent a change in our control. In addition
 this ownership could discourage the acquisition of our common stock by potential investors and could have an anti&#8208;takeover effect
We will likely issue additional shares in the future to fund our operations. The issuance of the shares in the future upon conversion of outstanding securities will result in substantial dilution in the percentage of our common stock held by our existing shareholders. Any securities sold more than twelve (12) months prior to the date hereof are currently eligible for resale under Rule 144. In general
 persons holding restricted securities in a company not reporting with the Securities &amp; Exchange Commission
 including affiliates
 must hold their shares for a period of at least twelve (12) months. Additionally
 affiliates may not sell more than one (1%) percent of the total issued and outstanding shares in any ninety (90) day period
 and must resell the shares in an unsolicited brokerage transaction at the market price. If substantial amounts of our common stock are resold under Rule 144
We may
 in the future
Our Articles of Incorporation authorize us to issue 499
990
000 shares of common stock. As of March 27
 2019
 we had 128
667
583 shares of common stock outstanding. Accordingly
 we may issue up to an additional 371
322
417 shares of common stock. The future issuance of common stock may result in substantial dilution in the percentage of our common stock held by our then existing shareholders. We may value any common stock issued in the future on an arbitrary basis including for services or acquisitions or other corporate actions that may have the effect of diluting the value of the shares held by our stockholders
 and might have an adverse effect on any trading market for our common stock. Additionally
 we are authorized to issue 1
000 shares of preferred stock of which 1
000 shares are outstanding. As such
 we may issue an additional 9
000 shares of preferred stock. Our board of directors may designate the rights
We are an emerging growth company&#8221;
 as defined in the JOBS Act. For as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company
 we may take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies
 including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five (5) years
 although we could lose that status sooner if our revenues exceed $1
000
000
000
 if we issue more than $1
000
000
000 in non-convertible debt in a three (3) year period
 or if the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds $100
000
000 as of any April 30 before that time
 in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following April 30. We cannot predict whether investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result
 there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. We have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(2) of the JOBS Act
 that allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As a result of this election
We lease an aggregate of 6
400 square feet of office and warehouse space at 6601 Lyons Rd
 Suites L-6&amp;7
 Coconut Creek
 FL 33073
 with base rent at $6
700 per month from Lyons Corporate Park for our executive offices. Approximately 5
800 square feet is used for manufacturing
 storage and distribution. The lease term expires on January 1
 2022. On June 6
 2017
 we entered into an agreement with Hillsboro Technology Center
 LLC to lease an aggregate of 19
831 square feet at 448 Hillsboro Technology Drive
 Deerfield Beach
 FL 33441
 with base rent at $13
220.67 per month plus 7.65% of common area and 13% of building operating expenses. We plan to use this location as a manufacturing
 storage and distribution facility commencing in June 2019. The lease term commenced on January 1
We are not involved in any legal proceedings. From time to time
 we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings
 which arise
 in the ordinary course of business. However
 litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties
 and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. We are currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our business
Item 5. Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
Our common stock
 par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock)
 is quoted with the symbol &#8220;NLBS&#8221; on the OTC Markets. Our common shares were quoted with the symbol &#8220;NTFU&#8221; on the OTC Markets from May 19
 2014 until March 5
OTC Markets securities are not listed or traded on the floor of an organized national or regional stock exchange. Instead
Set forth below are the range of high and low prices for our common stock from the OTC Markets OTCQB for the periods indicated. The quotations reflect inter-dealer prices
 without retail mark-up
Our transfer agent is VStock Transfer LLC located at 18 Lafayette Place
 Woodmere
 VStock Transfer is registered as a transfer agent with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
As of March 27
 2019
Our shares will be penny stocks
 as that term is generally defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to mean equity securities with a price of less than $5.00. Thus
Under the penny stock regulations
 a broker-dealer selling a penny stock to anyone other than an established customer must make a special suitability determination regarding the purchaser and must receive the purchaser's written consent to the transaction prior to the sale
In addition
 under the penny stock regulations
Deliver
 prior to any transaction involving a penny stock
 a disclosure schedule prepared by the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to the penny stock market
Send monthly statements disclosing recent price information pertaining to the penny stock held in a customer's account
 the account's value
Make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written agreement to the transaction
Because of these regulations
 broker-dealers may encounter difficulties in their attempt to sell shares of our common stock
 which may affect the ability of the Selling Stockholder or other holders to sell their shares in the secondary market
 and have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market. These additional sales practice and disclosure requirements could impede the sale of our securities
 if our securities become publicly traded. In addition
 the liquidity for our securities may be decreased
Our shares are subject to such penny stock rules and our shareholders will
 in all likelihood
As of March 27
 2019
 we had 128
667
583 common shares outstanding. Of these shares 94
843
121 common shares are held by non-affiliates and 33
824
462 common shares are held by affiliates
In general
 non-affiliates holding restricted securities of SEC reporting companies must hold their shares for a period of at least six (6) months and non-affiliates who hold restricted securities of companies which are not SEC reporting companies must hold their shares for a period of at least twelve months. Persons who are affiliates of either reporting or non-reporting companies must file a Form 144 with the SEC prior to sale
 may not sell more than one percent of the total issued and outstanding shares in any 90-day period
We have not declared any cash dividends on our common stock since our inception and do not anticipate paying such dividends in the foreseeable future. We plan to retain any future earnings for use in our business. Any decisions as to future payments of dividends will depend on our earnings and financial position and such other facts
There are no securities proposed to be
Our common shares are a penny stock
 as that term is generally defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to mean equity securities with a price of less than $5.00. Thus
Under the penny stock regulations
 a broker-dealer selling a penny stock to anyone other than an established customer must make a special suitability determination regarding the purchaser and must receive the purchaser's written consent to the transaction prior to the sale
In addition
 under the penny stock regulations
Deliver
 prior to any transaction involving a penny stock
 a disclosure schedule prepared by the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to the penny stock market
Send monthly statements disclosing recent price information pertaining to the penny stock held in a customer's account
 the account's value
Make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written agreement to the transaction
Because of these regulations
 broker-dealers may encounter difficulties in their attempt to sell shares of our Common Stock
 which may affect the ability of selling shareholders or other holders to sell their shares in the secondary market
 and have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market. These additional sales practice and disclosure requirements could impede the sale of our securities
 if our securities become publicly traded. In addition
 the liquidity for our securities may be decreased
 with a corresponding decrease in the price of our securities. Our shares in all probability will be subject to such penny stock rules and our shareholders will
 in all likelihood
From January 1
 2017 to present
 we offered and sold the securities below which were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended. None of the issuances involved underwriters
 underwriting discounts or commissions. We relied upon Sections 4(2) of the Securities Act
 and Rule 506(b) of the Securities Act of 1933
We filed a Form D
 Notice of Sales
Sales were made to persons with a pre-existing relationship to our Chief Executive Officer and Sole Director
On January 2
 2017
 we issued 50
000 shares to Patagonia Global Trading
 a Florida corporation
 for services rendered. We valued these shares at $.25 per share or an aggregate of $12
On January 3
 2017
 we sold 75
000 units to James Laurain for the aggregate price of $7
500 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 which expired on January 3
On January 3
 2017
 we sold 195
000 units to Jerry Thompson for the aggregate price of $19
500 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 which expired on January 3
On January 4
 2017
 Jerry O&#8217;Leary converted $25
000 due under a promissory note into 100
000 of our common shares at the price of $.25 per share. On February 23
 2017
 we issued 25
000 shares of our common stock to Jerry O&#8217;Leary in exchange for $5
000 for the exercise of the 25
On January 4
 2017
 we sold 500
000 units to Jerry O&#8217;Leary for the aggregate price of $50
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 which expired on January 4
On January 4
 2017
 William Ferri converted the principal and accrued interest due in the amount of $275
000 into our common shares at the price of $.25 per share or an aggregate of 1
100
000 shares. On May 12
 2017
 Mr. Ferri exercised the 250
000 options at an exercise price of $.20 per share or an aggregate of $50
On January 4
 2017
 Craig Heatherington converted principal and accrued interest due in the amount of $882
235 pursuant to notes issued on June 7
 2013
 August 26
 2013
 March 26
 2014 and June 23
 2014 into our common shares at the price of $.25 per share or an aggregate of 3
528
On January 4
 2017
 Michael Farr converted the amount of $65
000 under a promissory note into 300
On January 4
 2017
 Jerry Thompson converted principal and accrued interest outstanding under a $15
000 promissory note into 61
On January 4
 2017
 Neil Catania
 our Vice-President converted principal and accrued interest due in the amount of $841
750 pursuant to a November 15
 2012 and July 26
 2016 convertible notes and a December 31
 2013 line of credit into our common shares at the price of $.25 per share or an aggregate of 3
367
On January 4
 2017
 John Hampton converted principal and accrued interest due in the aggregate amount of $147
583 pursuant to August 27
 2014 and October 3
 2014 convertible notes into our common shares at the price of $.25 per share or an aggregate of 590
On January 4
 2017
 Michael Smyth converted principal and accrued interest due in the amount of $70
680 pursuant to a November 15
 2012 convertible note into our common shares at the price of $.25 per share or an aggregate of 282
On January 4
 2017
 Donald Brennick converted principal and accrued interest due in the amount of $28
395 pursuant to an August 26
 2015 convertible note into our common shares at the price of $.10 per share or an aggregate of 283
On January 5
 2017
 Richard Scott Lohan converted the principal due under a promissory note in the amount of $27
000 into 270
000 shares of our common stock and accrued interest of $11
700 into 117
000 common shares at the price of $.10 per share. On January 5
 2017
 we sold 243
000 shares to Richard Scott Lohan for the aggregate price of $12
Richard Scott Lohan was issued 700
000 common shares instead of 70
000 shares in conjunction with the exercise of June 22
 2016 cashless warrants. Mr. Lohan elected to convert the June 22
 2016 promissory note and accrued interest for 387
000 common shares and pay $12
000 in cash for the remaining 243
000 common shares of the 630
On January 6
 2017
 we sold 1
300
000 units to FMG Holdings LLC
 a Florida limited liability company controlled by Michael Farr
 for the aggregate price of $130
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 which expired on January 6
On January 6
 2017
 we sold 500
000 units to Jeff Luccesi for the aggregate price of $50
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 which expired on January 6
On January 6
 2017
 we sold 300
000 units to STF Partners
 LP
 a New York limited partnership controlled by Sharyn Frankel
 for the aggregate price of $30
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $0.50 which expired on January 6
On January 6
 2017
 we sold 200
000 units to Breadfruit Tree Inc.
 a Florida corporation
 doing business as NF Skin
 our distributor
 and controlled by F. Bruce Hutson
 for the aggregate price of $20
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 which expired on January 6
On January 7
 2017
 we sold 100
000 units to Leon English for the aggregate price of $10
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 which expired on January 7
On January 9
 2017
 we sold 250
000 units to Gordon Langston for the aggregate price of $25
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 which expired on January 9
On January 9
 2017
 we sold 405
000 units to William Rodriguez for the aggregate price of $40
500 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 which expired on January 9
On January 9
 2017
 we sold 300
000 units to Davis Pallen for the aggregate price of $30
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 which expired on January 9
On January 9
 2017
 we sold 1
500
000 units to Forage Complete LLC
 an Idaho limited liability company controlled by Cody Jensen
 for the aggregate price of $150
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 which expired on January 9
On January 11
 2017
 we sold 500
000 units to Paul &amp; Cheryl Botts for the aggregate price of $50
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 which expired on January 11
On January 17
 2017
 we sold 200
000 units to William Rodriguez for the aggregate price of $20
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 which expired on January 17
On January 17
 2017
 we issued 100
000 shares to Hamilton &amp; Associates Law Group a Florida law firm controlled by Brenda Hamilton
 Esq.
 for services rendered. We valued these shares at an aggregate $.10 per share or an aggregate of $10
On January 20
 2017
 we sold 150
000 units to John Berning for the aggregate price of $15
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 which expired on January 20
On January 30
 2017
 we issued 250
000 shares to Bernadine Cawley for services rendered to us. We valued these shares at $.40 per share or an aggregate of $100
On January 30
 2017
 we issued 400
000 shares to Anthony Procelli
 for services rendered. We valued these shares at $.40 per share or an aggregate of $160
On January 30
 2017
 we issued 50
000 shares to Patrick Kilcooley
 for services rendered. We valued these shares at $.40 per share or an aggregate of $20
On January 30
 2017
 we issued 300
000 shares to Daniel Ryan
 for services rendered. We valued these shares at $.40 per share or an aggregate of $120
On February 1
 2017
 we issued 50
000 shares to Sylvan Eudes
 for services rendered. We valued these shares at $.12 per share or an aggregate of $6
On February 23
 2017
 we sold 41
666 units to Patricia Gleason for the aggregate price of $25
000 or $.60 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 which expired on February 23
On February 23
 2017
 we sold 83
333 units to David Corcoran for the aggregate price of $50
000 or $.60 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 which expired on February 23
On March 3
 2017
 we issued 7
220
585 shares to Edgar Ward
 CEO of the Company
 for services rendered. We valued these shares at $1.45 per share or an aggregate of $10
453
315. On November 27
 2017
 we issued 6
674
837 shares to Edgar Ward
 our Chief Executive Officer
 President
 Director and Founder of the Company
 for services rendered. We valued these shares at $1.27 per share or an aggregate of $8
464
On March 23
 2017
 we sold 114
286 units to Barbara Ludwig for the aggregate price of $40
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 which expired on March 23
On April 10
 2017
 we issued 250
000 shares of our common stock to Michael R. Anderson for services rendered. We valued these shares at $.69 per share or an aggregate of $172
On April 24
 2017
 we sold 500
000 units to Gregory Ross for the aggregate price of $100
000 or $.20 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until April 24
On May 10
 2017
 we sold 375
000 units to Bernadine Cawley for the aggregate price of $75
000 or $.20 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $0.50 at any time until May 10
On May 17
 2017
 we sold 200
000 units to Forage Complete LLC
&nbsp;an Idaho&nbsp;limited liability company controlled by Cory Jenkins
 for the aggregate price of $40
000 or $.20 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until May 17
On May 18
 2017
 we sold 150
000 units to FMG Holdings LLC
 a Florida limited liability company controlled by Michael Farr
 for the aggregate price of $30
000 or $.20 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until May 18
On May 21
 2017
 we sold 50
000 units to James Rutledge for the aggregate price of $10
000 or $.20 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until May 21
On May 24
 2017
 we sold 575
000 units to EW Strategies LLC
 a Georgia limited liability company controlled by Greg Schantz
 for the aggregate price of $115
000 or $.20 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until May 24
On July 7
 2017
 we sold 250
000 units to Wolbers Family Trust
 a trust controlled by Jennifer Wolbers
 for the aggregate price of $50
000 or $.20 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $0.50 at any time until July 7
On July 17
 2017
 we issued 100
000 shares to Kenneth Duchin
 for services rendered. We valued these shares at $.80 per share or an aggregate of $80
On July 19
 2017
 we sold 150
000 units to Peter Mazza for the aggregate price of $30
000 or $.20 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until July 19
On July 28
 2017
 we sold 100
000 units to FMG Holdings LLC
 a Florida limited liability company controlled by Michael Farr
 for the aggregate price of $20
000 or $.20 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until July 28
On July 28
 2017
 we sold 100
000 units to Forage Complete LLC for the aggregate price of $20
000 or $.20 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until July 28
On August 1
 2017
 we sold 50
000 units to David Dickman for the aggregate price of $10
000 or $.20 per unit. Each unit consists of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $.50 at any time until August 1
On December 17
 2017
 we issued 500
On January 5
 2018
 February 26
 2018
 April 11
 2018
 April 20
 2018 and June 2
 2018
 we issued 43
759
 125
400
 51
700
 147
600 and 700
000 shares of our common stock to Hamilton &amp; Associates Law Group
 P.A. for services rendered which we valued these shares at $.30
 $.29
 $.18
 $.245 and $.20 per share
On January 23
 2018
 we issued 200
000 common shares to Randy Avon for services rendered to us. We valued these shares at $.21 per share or an aggregate of $41
On January 23
 2018
 we issued 150
000 common shares to Daniel Slane for services rendered to us. We valued these shares at $.21 per share or an aggregate of $31
On January 23
 2018
 we issued 100
000 common shares to Michel Lohan for services rendered to us. We valued these shares at $.4762 per share or an aggregate of $47
On January 23
 2018
 we issued 350
000 shares David Zirulnikoff for services rendered to us. We valued these shares at $.26 per share or an aggregate of $89
On January 23
 2018
 we issued 200
000 common shares to Ronald Silver for services rendered to us. We valued these shares at $.21per share or an aggregate of $41
On February 15
 2018
 we issued 2
000
000 shares to Hall Global LLC
 a limited liability controlled by Michael Anderson for equipment provided to us. We valued these shares at $.2846 per share or an aggregate of $569
200. Hall Global LLC returned the 2
000
000 shares to us for cancellation on November 1
 2018 pursuant to a settlement agreement dated September 7
On February 15
 2018
 we issued 500
000 common shares to Hongxiang Hui for services rendered to us. We valued these shares at $.28 per share or an aggregate of $140
On May 11
 2018
 we issued 250
000 common shares to Tony Hunter for services rendered to us. We valued these shares at $.19 per share or an aggregate of $54
On June 1
 2018
 we issued 500
000 common shares to Lyons Capital for services rendered to us. We valued these shares at $.20 per share or an aggregate of $100
On July 25
 2018
 we issued 62
500 common shares to Mary Ellen Mahon for services rendered to us. We valued these shares at $.16 per share or an aggregate of $10
On July 25
 2018
 we issued 62
500 common shares to Anthony Centorani for services rendered to us. We valued these shares at $.16 per share or an aggregate of $10
On July 25
 2018
 we issued 250
000 common shares to Michael P. Dulak for services rendered to us. We valued these shares at $.16 per share or an aggregate of $40
On July 25
 2018
 we issued 62
500 common shares to Robert Patrick Scott for services rendered to us. We valued these shares at $.16 per share or an aggregate of $10
On July 25
 2018
 we entered into an agreement with Breadfruit Tree DBA NFSkin
 a Florida corporation where by we agreed to pay them 15% of their net sales of our product. The 15% is payable in up to 3
000
000 shares of our common stock which the number of shares will be calculated based on a value of $.20 per share. On September 10
 2018
 we issued 514
On July 31
 2018
 we entered into an agreement as amended March 10
 2019
 with New Leaf Assets
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company
 wherein NewLeaf invested the sums of $250
000
 $130
000 and $1
000
000 in our securities on July 31
 2018
 August 31
 2018 and March 15
 2019
 respectively. On July 31
 2018
 NewLeaf was granted 2
000
0000 shares on the Company&#8217;s common stock and warrants to purchase 625
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at the price of $.20 per share at any time for a period of three (3) years. On August 31
 2018 NewLeaf received warrants to purchase 325
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at the price of $.20 per share at any time for a period of three (3) years. On March 15
 2019
 NewLeaf was issued 13
764
705 common shares
 granted warrants to purchase an additional 10 million common shares at the price of $.20 per share at anytime until March 4
 2022 and an option to purchase an aggregate of 7
647
058 common shares at the aggregate price of $650
000 at any time prior to April 8
 2019. As a result
 NewLeaf holds an aggregate of 15
764
705 of the Company&#8217;s common shares at an average price of $.0726 per share
 warrants to purchase an additional 10
950
000 common shares and an option to purchase an additional 7
647
058 common shares for an aggregate price of $650
000 at any time prior to April 8
On August 24
 2018
 we issued 200
000 shares of our common stock to Barrington Jenoure for an aggregate price of $33
On August 28
 2018
 we issued 60
000 shares of our common stock to Barrington Jenoure for an aggregate price of $10
On September 20
 2018
 we issued 62
000 common shares to John Gross for services rendered to us. We valued these shares at $.20 per share or an aggregate of $12
On September 20
 2018
 we issued 26
000 common shares to Ann Mahfood for services rendered to us. We valued these shares at $.20 per share or an aggregate of $5
On October 11
 2018
 we issued 250
000 common shares to Nicholas Ward
 the son of our Chief Executive Officer
 President and Director for services rendered to us. We valued these shares at $.196 per share or an aggregate of $49
On October 11
 2018
 we entered into a convertible note agreement in the principal amount of $37
500 with FMG Holding LLC
 a Florida limited liability company controlled by Michael Farr. The note bears interest at the rate of 10% and has a maturity date of November 30
 2018. The principal and interest due under the note are convertible into our common shares at the rate of $.20 in whole or in part at any time until maturity. Mr. Farr received warrants to purchase 1
000
000 of our common shares at the price of $.21 per share at any time until October 31
On October 11
 2018
 we entered into a convertible note agreement in the principal amount of $37
500 with Forage Complete
 LLC
 an Idaho&nbsp;limited liability company controlled by Cory Jenkins. The note bears interest at the rate of 10% and has a maturity date of November 30
 2018. The principal and interest due under the note are convertible into our common shares at the rate of $.20 in whole or in part at any time until maturity. Mr. Farr received warrants to purchase 1
000
000 of our common shares at the price of $.21 per share at any time until October 31
On October 17
 2018
 we issued 100
000 common shares to Michael P. Dulak for services rendered to us. We valued these shares at $ .19 per share or an aggregate of $19
On October 17
 2018
 we issued 62
500 common shares to Mary Ellen Mahon for services rendered to us. We valued these shares at $.19 per share or an aggregate of $11
On October 17
 2018
 we issued 62
500 common shares to Robert Patrick Scott for services rendered to us. We valued these shares at $.19 per share or an aggregate of $11
On October 17
 2018
 we issued 62
500 common shares to Anthony Centorani for services rendered to us. We valued these shares at $ .19 per share or an aggregate of $11
On November 7
 2018
 we entered into a convertible note agreement
 as amended
 on March 20
 2019 with Paul R. Botts
 in the principal amount of $25
000. The note bears interest at the rate of 10% and has a maturity date of April 22
 2019. The principal and interest due under the note are convertible into our common shares at the rate of $.20 in whole or in part at any time until maturity. On March 19
 2019
 we issued 100
On December 21
 2018
 we issued 848
484 common shares to FMG Holdings
 LLC a Florida limited liability company controlled by Michael Farr
 for services rendered to us. We valued these shares at $ .19 per share or an aggregate of $161
On December 21
 2018
 we issued 848
484 common shares to Forage Complete
 LLC
&nbsp;an Idaho&nbsp;limited liability company controlled by Cory Jenkins
 for services rendered to us. We valued these shares at $.19 per share or an aggregate of $161
On December 21
 2018
 we issued 5
294
117 common shares to Kahn Family Limited PT II for a price of $.085 per share or an aggregate of $449
On December 21
 2018
 we issued 1
176
470 common shares to Dennis Poland for a price of $.085 per share or an aggregate of $99
On December 21
 2018
 we issued 294
117 common shares to Barrington Jenoure for a price of $.085 per share or an aggregate of $24
On December 24
 2018
 we issued 250
000 common shares to SunX Analytical
 LLC
 a Maryland limited liability company controlled by Barry Pritchard
 for services rendered to us. We valued these shares at $.170 per share or an aggregate of $42
On January 23
 2019
 we issued 120
004 common shares to Joshua J. Gooden for a price of $.167 per share or an aggregate of $20
On January 29
 2019
 we issued 62
500 common shares to Robert Patrick Scott for services rendered to us. We valued these shares at $.16 per share or an aggregate of $10
On January 29
 2019
 we issued 62
500 common shares to Anthony Centorani for services rendered to us. We valued these shares at $.16 per share or an aggregate of $10
On January 29
 2019
 we issued 62
500 common shares to Liska Rodriguez for services rendered to us. We valued these shares at $ .16 per share or an aggregate of $10
On January 29
 2019
 we issued 62
500 common shares to John Gross for services rendered to us. We valued these shares at $ .16 per share or an aggregate of $10
On January 29
 2019
 we issued 62
500 common shares to Esco Bell for services rendered to us. We valued these shares at $.16 per share or an aggregate of $10
On January 29
 2019
 we issued 62
500 common shares to Mary Ellen Mahon for services rendered to us. We valued these shares at $.16 per share or an aggregate of $10
On January 30
 2019
 we issued 62
500 common shares to Lawrence Muchnick for services rendered to us. We valued these shares at $ .16 per share or an aggregate of $10
On January 30
 2019
 we issued 62
500 common shares to Michael John Deblasis for services rendered to us. We valued these shares at $.16 per share or an aggregate of $10
On January 31
 2019
 we issued 321
281 common shares to Hamilton &amp; Associates Law Group for services rendered to us. We valued these shares at $.18 per share or an aggregate of $57
On February 1
 2019
 we issued 7
647
059 common shares to Kahn Family Limited PT II for a price of $.085 per share or an aggregate of $650
000. On February 8
 2019
 we issued 2
941
176 common shares to Kahn Family Limited PT II for a price of $.085 per share or an aggregate of $650
000. On March 12
 2019
 we issued 300
000 common shares to Kahn Family Limited PT II for a price of $.085 per share or an aggregate of $25
On February 4
 2019
 we issued 62
500 common shares to Karina Rodriguez for services rendered to us. We valued these shares at $.16 per share or an aggregate of $10
On February 8
 2019
 we issued 250
000 common shares to Sunx Analytical
 LLC a Maryland Company controlled by Barry Pritchard
 for services rendered to us. We valued these shares at $.20 per share or an aggregate of $50
On February 14
 2019
 we issued 117
647 common shares to Herbert &amp; Rosalind Chasman Family Trust for a price of $.085 per share or an aggregate of $10
On February 14
 2019
 we issued 235
294 common shares to Deborah Axelrod for a price of $.085 per share or an aggregate of $20
On February 21
 2019
 we issued 117
647 common shares to Stephan Golding for services rendered to us. We valued these shares at $.085 per share or an aggregate of $10
On March 7
 2019
 we issued 62
500 common shares to Austin Hunter for services rendered to us. We valued these shares at $.170 per share or an aggregate of $10
On March 12
 2019
 we issued 1
200
000 common shares to Bruce Burley for the purchase of certain assets. We value these shares at a price of $.17 per share or an aggregate of $204
On March 12
 2019
 we issued 300
000 common shares to Robert E. Borland Jr for the purchase of certain assets. We value these shares at a price of $.17 per share or an aggregate of $51
On March 15
 2019
 we issued 2
499
765 common shares to Orange Pumpkin Trust for a price of $.085 per share or an aggregate of $212
On March 19
 2019
 we issued 176
470 common shares to Antonio Morgado for services rendered to us. We valued these shares at $.085 per share or an aggregate of $149
On March 22
 2019
 we issued 117
647 common shares to Scott Mast for a price of $.085 per share or an aggregate of $10
On March 22
 2019
 we issued 117
647 common shares to Charles Mast for a price of $.085 per share or an aggregate of $10
Our Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with the audited annual Financial Statements and related notes included in this Form 10-K
 as well as the sections entitled &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; in of this Form 10-K
NutraLife BioSciences
 Inc. (&#8220;us&#8221;
 &#8220;we&#8221; or the &#8220;Company&#8221;) was formed as a limited liability company in the state of Florida on April 1
 2010
 as NutraFuels
 Inc. On December 3
 2012
 the Company converted from a limited liability company to a Florida corporation. On March 6
 2019
 the Company&#8217;s name change to NutraLife BioSciences
Precision Analytic Testing
 LLC
 a Florida limited liability company (&#8220;PAT&#8221;) formed on May 11
 2017
NutraDerma Technologies
 Inc.
 (&#8220;NutraDerma&#8221;) a Florida corporation formed on January 28
 2019
hytoChem Technologies
 Inc.
 a Florida corporation (&#8220;PhytoChem&#8221;) formed on February 4
 2019
TransDermalRX
 Inc.
 a Florida corporation (&#8220;TransDermal&#8221;) formed on February 8
The Company is engaged in the development
 manufacturing and distribution of nutritional and dietary oral spray products in the United States. The Company offers 13 different core formulations which it modifies to meet the specifications of its private label customers. The Company provides approximately 50 different variations of its core formulations. The Company&#8217;s products include CBD-&shy;infused oral sprays
 tinctures
 pet drops
 pain balms
 face creams
 and nutraceutical oral spray products for sleep support and weight loss packaged under the customer&#8217;s brand names. The Company&#8217;s products are primarily sold to private label distributors who sell the products the Company manufacturers under their own brand names. The Company&#8217;s revenues are concentrated in five (5) private label distributors which represented which represented 32%
 25%
 17%
 13%
 and 4% percent of our sales in the year ended December 31
For the years ended December 31
 2018 and December 31
 2017
 the Company generated sales of $3
711
327 and $1
790
168
 respectively from the sale of its products. Sales of the Company&#8217;s products to private label customers represented 91% and 99% percent of the Company&#8217;s sales for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
In March of 2017
 the Company added CBD products to its product lines. Sales of CBD products increased from approximately $1
380
000 for the year ended December 31
 2017 to approximately $2
400
000 for the year ended December 31
Comparison of Years Ended December 31
We had sales of $3
711
327 and $1
790
168 for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively
Cost of sales was $2
211
039 compared to $1
055
042 for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively
Gross margin was $1
500
288 and $735
126 for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively
General and administrative expenses were $2
070
714 compared to $1
760
148 for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively
Stock based compensation was $1
070
050 and $19
183
422 for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively
Our interest expense and finance cost was $133
750 and $3
342
161 for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively
We recorded a net loss of ($2
074
537) and ($23
629
117) for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
Our cash flow resulted in an increase of our cash balance to $419
975 for the year ended December 31
 2018. We used $ (234
673) of cash in operating activities during the year. For the year ended December 31
 2017
 we used $1
018
During the year ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 we funded $618
332 and $1
379
Our net loss decreased from ($23
629
117) for the year ended December 31
 2017 to ($2
074
537) for the year ended December 31
 2018. We have an accumulated deficit of $34
833
458 at December 31
 2018. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis
The independent auditors&#8217; report on our financial statements for the years ended December 31
Our failure to manage our growth and increase our sales to meet our increased operational costs could harm our profitability and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We face risks including the need for significant additional capital
 management&#8217;s potential underestimation of initial and ongoing costs
We are continuing our plan to further grow and expand operations and seek sources of capital to pay our contractual obligations as they come due. Management believes that its current operating strategy will provide the opportunity for us to continue as a going concern as long as we are able to obtain additional financing&#894; however
We must increase our sales to meet increased operating costs including the cost of our new 20
If we fail to compete effectively in the intensely competitive nutritional and CBD markets
We are dependent upon sales to our five (5) private label distributors which represent 99% of our sales for the year ended December 31
If we fail to comply with extensive legal/regulatory requirements affecting the industrial hemp and CBD industries
 we will face increased costs
In preparing the financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP)
The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Our estimates and assumptions
 including those related to the ability to continue as going concern
 legal proceedings
 the recoverability of inventory
 long-&shy;lived assets
 the fair value of stock&shy;-based compensation and the fair value of warrant liabilities are updated as appropriate
 which in most cases is at least quarterly. We base our estimates on historical experience
 or various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances and the results form the basis for making judgments about the reported values of assets
 liabilities
Estimates are considered to be critical if they meet both of the following criteria: (1) the estimate requires assumptions about material matters that are uncertain at the time the accounting estimates are made
Our financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents
 prepaid expenses
 payables and accrued expenses. Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time
 based on relevant market information about the financial instrument. These estimates are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and therefore cannot be determined with precision. We consider the carrying values of our financial instruments in the consolidated financial statements to approximate fair value
The Company adopted ASU 2014-09
 &#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&#8221; on January 1
 2018
 using the modified retrospective method
The new revenue recognition standard prescribes a five-step model that focuses on transfer of control and entitlement to payment when determining the amount of revenue to be recognized. Under the new guidance
The Company generates revenues from the sale of products. The product is invoiced and the revenue is recognized upon shipment and once transfer of risk has passed to the customer
Our accounts receivable are stated at estimated net realizable value. Accounts receivable are comprised of balances due from customers net of estimated allowances for uncollectible accounts. In determining collectability
Property and equipment are recorded at cost
We record share&shy;-based compensation in accordance with FASB ASC 718
We periodically evaluate long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. If the estimated future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) from the use of an asset were less than the carrying value
The Company evaluates its convertible debt
 options
 warrants or other contracts to determine if those contracts or embedded components of those contracts qualify as derivatives to be separately accounted for. The result of this accounting treatment is that under certain circumstances the fair value of the derivative is marked-to-market each balance sheet date and recorded as a liability. In the event that the fair value is recorded as a liability
 the change in fair value is recorded in the statement of operations as other income or expense. Upon conversion or exercise of a convertible note containing an embedded derivative instrument
Stockholders of NutraLife BioSciences
 Inc. F/K/A NutraFuels
Coconut Creek
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of NutraLife BioSciences
 Inc. (formerly known as NutraFuels
 Inc.) (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) at December 31
 2018 and 2017
 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 changes in stockholders&#8217; equity (deficit)
 and cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended December 31
 2018
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements).&nbsp; In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company at December 31
 2018 and 2017
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended December 31
 2018
The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements
 the Company has experienced net losses and has an accumulated deficit
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
 we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
Fort Lauderdale
April 1
NUTRALIFE BIOSCIENCES
 INC.
 F/K/A NUTRAFUELS
December 31
419
172
Accounts receivable
 net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $31
000
43
291
162
115
332
869
667
Furniture
910
425
374
154
1
285
579
(359
(293
Property and equipment
925
286
35
1
830
954
243
87
468
206
84
3
Convertible notes
 net of unamortized discount of $280
199
1
000
293
Capital lease
14
1
015
293
Preferred stock; $0.0001 par value
10
Common stock; $0.0001 par value
 499
990
shares authorized; 97
315
941 and 81
448
9
8
35
638
33
411
(34
808
(32
758
815
660
1
830
954
NUTRALIFE BIOSCIENCES
 INC.
 F/K/A NUTRAFUELS
Years Ended December 31
3
711
1
790
2
211
1
055
1
500
735
265
81
1
070
19
183
2
070
1
760
3
406
21
024
(1
906
(20
289
(16
1
(18
(130
(2
(3
342
(168
(3
339
(2
074
(23
629
(2
074
(23
629
87
323
71
820
NUTRALIFE BIOSCIENCES
 INC.
 F/K/A NUTRAFUELS
BALANCE
 December 31
1
45
890
4
7
024
(9
129
(2
100
9
707
1
323
1
324
275
54
55
10
129
1
5
613
5
614
1
250
363
364
14
195
1
19
030
19
031
(23
629
(23
629
Balance December 31
1
81
448
8
33
411
(32
758
660
7
024
617
618
169
49
49
4
976
1
069
1
070
1
696
105
105
2
000
190
190
176
176
18
18
(2
074
(2
074
Balance
 December 31
1
97
315
9
35
638
(34
833
815
NUTRALIFE BIOSCIENCES
 INC.
 F/K/A NUTRAFUELS
Years Ended December 31
(2
074
(23
629
1
070
19
019
66
78
327
105
531
84
18
3
116
(127
(128
(67
217
90
187
68
262
(518
84
(34
(234
(1
018
(35
(581
(171
(616
(171
618
1
324
55
480
(29
1
098
1
350
247
160
&nbsp;CASH
172
12
&nbsp;CASH
419
172
2
2
19
190
176
105
49
5
614
NUTRALIFE BIOSCIENCES
 INC. F/K A NUTRAFUELS
NutraLife BioSciences
 Inc.F/K/A NutraFuels
 Inc. (We
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary
 Precision Analytic Testing
In February of 2019 NutraFuels
 Inc. approved an amendment to its Articles of Incorporation to change its name to Nutralife Biosciences
Cash equivalents are highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less. The Company had no cash equivalents at December 31
Inventories are stated at cost utilizing the weighted average method of valuation and consist of raw materials and finished goods. As of December 31
219
162
71
291
162
All property and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated over their estimated useful lives
 generally three
 seven and twelve years
 using the straight-line method. Upon sale or retirement
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are eliminated from their respective accounts
 and the resulting gain or loss is included in the results of operations. Repairs and maintenance charges
 which do not increase the useful lives of the assets
The Company adopted ASU 2014-09
 &#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&#8221; on January 1
 2018
 using the modified retrospective method
NUTRALIFE BIOSCIENCES
 INC. F/K A NUTRAFUELS
The new revenue recognition standard prescribes a five-step model that focuses on transfer of control and entitlement to payment when determining the amount of revenue to be recognized. Under the new guidance
The Company generates revenues from the sale of products. The product is invoiced and the revenue is recognized upon shipment and once transfer of risk has passed to the customer
The Company follows the provisions of ASC 740-10
 Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions. When tax returns are filed
 it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities
 while others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes
As of December 31
 2018
FASB ASC 820 Fair Value Measurement clarifies that fair value is an exit price
 representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. It also requires disclosure about how fair value is determined for assets and liabilities and establishes a hierarchy for which these assets and liabilities must be grouped
Level 3: Unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data
NUTRALIFE BIOSCIENCES
 INC. F/K A NUTRAFUELS
The determination of where assets and liabilities fall within this hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The carrying value of the Company&#8217;s current financial instruments
 which include cash and cash equivalents
 accounts payable
A long-lived asset is tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that its carrying value amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized when the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows resulting from its use and eventual disposition. The impairment loss is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the long-lived assets exceeds its fair value. There were no impairments recognized during the years ended December 31
In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 Leases
 which
 for operating leases
 requires a lessee to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability
 initially measured at the present value of the lease payments
 in its balance sheet. The standard also requires a lessee to recognize a single lease cost
 calculated so that the cost of the lease is allocated over the lease term
 on a generally straight-line basis. The ASU is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
Our financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. We sustained a net loss of approximately $2.0 and $23.6 million for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively
 and have an accumulated deficit of approximately $34.8 million at December 31
The independent auditors&#8217; report on our financial statements for the years ended December 31
Failure to successfully continue to grow operational revenues could harm our profitability and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We face all of the risks inherent in a new business
 including the need for significant additional capital
 management&#8217;s potential underestimation of initial and ongoing costs
We are continuing our plan to further grow and expand operations and seek sources of capital to pay our contractual obligations as they come due. Management believes that its current operating strategy will provide the opportunity for us to continue as a going concern as long as we are able to obtain additional financing; however
NUTRALIFE BIOSCIENCES
 INC. F/K A NUTRAFUELS
In January 2017
 the Company issued 6
762
942 shares of common stock to convert $1
561
On July 31
 2018
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note facility with a third party lender for total proceeds of $2
000
000. The convertible promissory note calls for six funding installments from July 31
 2018 through January 15
 2019. The convertible promissory note bears interest at 10% and has a maturity date of July 31
In July 2018
 the Company received the first installment of $250
000 of the convertible promissory note
 at which time the Company issued 2
000
000 shares of common stock valued at $190
476 and 625
000 warrants to purchase common stock valued at $59
523. The convertible promissory note is convertible into shares of the Company at a price of $.40 per share. The terms of the conversion does not give rise to a beneficial conversion feature. The total debt discount from the embedded features totaled $250
In August 2018
 the Company received the second installment of $130
000 of the convertible promissory note
 at which time the Company issued 325
000 warrants to purchase common stock valued at $54
638. The convertible promissory note is convertible into shares of the Company at a value of $.40 per share. The terms of the conversion gives rise to a beneficial conversion feature resulting in a fair value of $18
888. The total debt discount from the embedded features totaled $73
In the fourth quarter
 2018
 we entered into two short term 10% notes for $75
000 cash
 which included the issuance of 2
000
000 warrants to purchase common stock. These notes were repaid in January 2019. The debt discount from the embedded features totaled $62
In the fourth quarter
 2018
 we entered a short term 10% promissory note for $25
000 due in December of 2018. The note provided for a stock grant of 50
In January 2017 we issued 3
367
000 shares of common stock to convert $841
During the first quarter of 2017
 we paid $5
At December 31
 2018 and December 31
 2017
 the Company has 499
990
000 shares of $0.0001 par value common stock authorized and 97
316
241 and 81
448
561 issued and outstanding
On January 13
 2017 we entered into an employment agreement with our President which includes an anti-dilution provision which requires us to maintain his share ownership in our Company at 30%
 reduced by any shares he sells. These shares are required to be issued on January 2 of each year. On February 13
 2017 we issued 7
220
585 shares associated with the anti-dilution rights
 which were valued at $10
453
315. In November 2017
 we issued 6
674
837 shares associated with the anti- dilution rights
 which were valued at $8
464
463. This employment agreement was amended on October 10
 2017
In the first quarter 2017 we issued 6
762
942 shares of common stock to convert $1
561
593 of convertible debt and accrued interest and 3
367
000 shares of common stock to convert $841
750 of debt and accrued interest to a related party. In February 2017 we issued 25
000 shares of common stock in exchange for $5
000 in cash for the exercise of options. During the first quarter 2017 we issued 6
957
285 shares of common stock and 6
957
285 warrants to purchase our common stock in exchange for $774
NUTRALIFE BIOSCIENCES
 INC. F/K A NUTRAFUELS
During the second quarter 2017 we issued 1
850
000 shares of common stock and 1
850
000 warrants to purchase our common stock in exchange for $370
000 in cash. During the second quarter 2017 we issued 250
000 shares of common stock in exchange for $50
During the third quarter 2017 we issued 900
000 shares of common stock in exchange for $180
In August 2018
 the Company issued 260
000 shares of common stock in exchange for $43
In December 2018 the Company issued 5
294
117 shares of common stock and 5
294
117 warrants to purchase common stock in exchange for $450
In December 2018 the Company issued 294
117 shares of common stock in exchange for 25
In December 2018 the Company issued 1
176
470 shares of common stock in exchange for $100
In January 2018
 the Company issued 900
000 shares of common stock valued at $203
In January 2018
 the Company issued 100
000 shares of common stock valued at $47
In February 2018
 the Company issued 500
000 shares of common stock valued at $140
In April 2018
 the Company issued 449
300 shares of common stock valued at $100
In June 2018
 the Company issued 1
200
000 shares of common stock valued at $240
In July 2018
 the Company issued 437
500 shares of common stock valued at $70
In September 2018
 the Company issued 602
549 shares of common stock valued at $124
In October 2018 the Company issued 537
500 shares of common stock valued at $102
In December 2018 the Company issued 250
000 shares of common stock valued at $42
In February 2018
 the Company issued 169
159 shares of common stock valued at $49
494 to settle accounts payable of $31
490. The Company recorded a loss on settlement of $18
In July 2018
 the Company issued 2
000
000 shares of common stock and 625
000 warrants to purchase common stock in exchange for a $250
In August 2018 the Company issued 325
000 warrants to purchase common stock in exchange for a $130
In October 2018 the Company issued 2
000
000 warrants to purchase common stock in exchange for $62
NUTRALIFE BIOSCIENCES
 INC. F/K A NUTRAFUELS
In February 2018
 the Company issued 2
000
000 shares of common stock valued at $569
200 for the acquisition of production equipment. The holder returned the 2
000
000 shares to the Company for cancellation on November 1
 2018 pursuant to a settlement agreement dated September 7
In December 2018 the Company issued 1
696
968 shares of common stock valued at $105
At December 31
2
950
7
144
1
850
7
877
14
342
114
114
124
124
18
210
16
431
Balance
 December 31
8
142
9
707
(275
(1
143
Balance
 December 31
16
431
8
244
(6
465
Balance
 December 31
18
210
The components of income tax provision (benefit) related to continuing operations are as follows at December 31
NUTRALIFE BIOSCIENCES
 INC. F/K A NUTRAFUELS
The following is a reconciliation of the effective income tax rate with the statutory income tax rate at December 31
State income tax
Temporary differences
The net deferred tax assets and liabilities included in the financial statements consist of the following amounts at December 31
8
985
8
577
(8
985
(8
577
The change in valuation allowance was $407
612 and $6
119
517 for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
In accordance with the provisions of ASC 740: Income Taxes
 we record a liability for uncertain tax positions when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. At December 31
 2018 and 2017
 we have no liabilities for uncertain tax positions. We continually evaluate expiring statutes of limitations
 audits
 proposed settlements
We lease our office and warehouse facilities under an operating lease in Coconut Creek
 Florida. The lease expired in February 2019. The minimum monthly lease payments required for the remaining term of the lease are $7
360. Currently
In June 2017 we entered into a new lease for a new additional facility located in Deerfield Beach
 Florida. This lease commenced on January 1
 2018 and expires on March 1
 2025. The minimum monthly lease payments required begin at $13
In August 2018
NUTRALIFE BIOSCIENCES
 INC. F/K A NUTRAFUELS
The following is a schedule of future minimum lease payments under all leases as of December 31
Year ended December 31
173
3
168
3
173
3
179
3
184
2
222
18
(2
1
099
16
Rent expense for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017 was $256
000 and $77
In November 2017
 we entered into a six-month agreement with Lyons Capital
 LLC to provide introductions to broker/dealers
 private funds
 Investment bankers
 potential Board of Directors members
 stock research firms
 market makers and business development opportunities. Lyons is to receive 1
000
000 shares of common stock
 half upon signing the agreement and half three months later. These shares were valued at $191
600
 or $0.1916 per share
 the quoted market price on the agreement date. This amount was recorded in prepaid expenses and is being amortized over the term of the agreement
 of which approximately $37
000 was amortized in 2017 and $150
The Company is subject to asserted claims and liabilities that arise in the ordinary course of business. The Company maintains insurance policies to mitigate potential losses from these actions. In the opinion of management
As of December 31
 2018
The Company maintains its cash in bank deposit accounts
 which may
 at times
 may exceed federally insured limits. The Company had cash balances in excess of FDIC insured limits of $244
501 and $0 at December 31
 2018 and 2017
NUTRALIFE BIOSCIENCES
 INC. F/K A NUTRAFUELS
In March
 2019 the Company reached an agreement with its third party lender in connection with their $2
000
000 2018 &#8220;Investment Agreement&#8221; whereby the Company received only two payments from this lender aggregating $380
000 during 2018. The lender was in default of this agreement and thereby settled by agreeing to fund $1
000
000 for 13
764
705 restricted shares of common stock. Additionally
 the lender received a warrant to purchase an additional 10 million common shares at a price of $.20 per share or an aggregate of $2 million under the terms set forth in this agreement. The warrant expires on March 4
 2022. Additionally
 the lender has the ability to purchase an additional 7
647
058 common shares at the purchase price of $.085 per share or an aggregate of $650
000 at any time prior to April 8
 2019. In connection with this agreement the $380
In February 2019 the Company acquired patent rights that includes the patent
 intellectual property and all of the rights
 title and interest in
 to and under all of the assets
 properties and rights of every kind and nature
 that were held or for use by the seller that were used for the development
 use
 manufacturing
 distribution or commercialization of the patent rights. The purchase price paid was $120
000 in connection with the asset purchase agreement and $10
000 in connection with the patent purchase agreement. Additionally
 the asset purchase agreement provides the seller to receive 2
700
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock. 1
200
000 shares were provided at closing and 1
500
000 shares will be provided one year thereafter. The patent purchase agreement provides for 300
In connection with the above referenced agreement
 the Company also entered into an agreement with the seller
In 2019 the Company formed the following wholly owned subsidiaries
NutraDerma Technologies
PhytoChem Technologies
TransDermalRX
Pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (&#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;)
 we carried out an evaluation
 with the participation of our management
 including our President
 Chief Financial Officer
 Secretary
 Treasurer and Director
 of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation
 our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act
 is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
 within the time periods specified in the SEC&#8217;s rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our CEO and CFO
 as appropriate
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Our internal control system was designed to
 in general
 provide reasonable assurance to our management and board regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements
 but because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2018. The framework used by management in making that assessment was the criteria set forth in the document entitled &#8220;Internal Control &#8211; Integrated Framework&#8221; issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on that assessment
 our President and Chief Financial Officer have determined and concluded that
 as of December 31
 2018
 our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective. A material weakness is a deficiency
 or a combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting
 such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In our assessment of the effectiveness of internal control our financial reporting as of December 31
 2018
We do not have an independent audit committee in place
 which would provide oversight of our officers
Our accounting department
 which consists of a limited number of personnel
Management believes that the appointment of one or more outside directors
 who shall be appointed to a fully functioning audit committee
No change in our system of internal control over financial reporting occurred during the period covered by this report
 fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended December 31
 2018
 that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
Item 10. Directors
The board of directors elect our executive officers annually. A majority vote of the directors who are in office are required to fill vacancies. Each director shall be elected for the term of one year
 and until his successor is elected and qualified
Chief Executive Officer
 President
Edgar Ward
 Chief Executive Officer
From April 1
 2010 to present
 Edgar Ward has served as our Chief Executive Officer
 President
As our chief executive officer
Neil Catania
Neil Catania became our Vice-President on November 20
 2012. From May 2004 until present
 Neil Catania has been the chief executive officer of MND LLC
Mr. Catania&#8217;s services to us include assisting Mr. Ward with our day to day operations. Neil Catania holds Series 7
 Series 63
No officer
 director
 or persons nominated for such positions
Being subject to any order
 judgment
 or decree
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
 permanently or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business
Being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action)
 the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law
 and the judgment has not been reversed
 suspended
Having any government agency
 administrative agency
 or administrative court impose an administrative finding
 order
 decree
 or sanction against them as a result of their involvement in any type of business
 securities
Being the subject of a pending administrative proceeding related to their involvement in any type of business
 securities
Having any administrative proceeding been threatened against you related to their involvement in any type of business
 securities
Our Chief Executive Officer
 President
 and sole Director
 Edgar Ward devotes his full time to our business under the terms of his employment contract. Our only other executive officer
 Neal Catania is not obligated to commit his full time and attention to our business; accordingly
 he may encounter a conflict of interest in allocating his time between our operations and those of other businesses. Neal Catania spends on an average ten (10) hours each month to our business and is not contractually required to devote full time services to us. In the future
 our officers and directors may engage in other business activities
 investments and business opportunities that may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as other entities to which they owe a fiduciary duty. As a result
 they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Our officers and directors may also in the future become affiliated with entities
 engaged in business activities similar to those we intend to conduct. In general
We plan to adopt a Code of Ethics in the future
On July 18
 2018
 we registered an aggregate of 10
000
000 of our common shares for issuance to employees and consultants for services rendered to us pursuant to our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan ). As of April 1
 2010
 we have issued an aggregate of 2
368
459 common shares registered for services rendered. As such
 we may issue an additional 7
631
Our Board of Directors has two directors and has not established Audit
 Compensation
 and Nominating or Governance Committees as standing committees. The Board does not have an executive committee or any committees performing a similar function. We are not currently listed on a national securities exchange or in an inter-dealer quotation system that has requirements that a majority of the board of directors be independent. The Board has determined that no members of the Board are &#8220;independent&#8221; under the definition set forth in the listing standards of the NASDAQ Stock Market
 Inc.
 which is the definition that the Board has chosen to use for the purposes of the determining independence. Therefore
The table below summarizes all compensation awarded to
 earned by
 or paid to our Principal Executive Officer
 our two (2) most highly compensated executive officers who occupied such position at the end of our latest fiscal year that they were not executive officers at the end of our latest fiscal year
 by us
 or by any third party where the purpose of a transaction was to furnish compensation
 for all services rendered in all capacities to us for the years ended December 31
Chief Executive Officer
181
10
637
10
819
President
176
176
52
52
25
25
On November 27
 2017
 and February 13
 2017 Edgar Ward received 6
674
837 and 7
220
585 restricted common shares which we valued at a per share price of $1.27and $1.44 or an aggregate of $8
464
463 and $10
376
614.63 for services rendered to us. Under the terms of his employment agreement
 Mr.
 Ward receives an annual salary of $250
000 and an annual cash bonus of $100
000. For the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2018
 Edgar Ward received $81
500 and $176
070.93 of the $350
For the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2018 Neil Catania received cash compensation of $52
500 and $25
Our board of directors determines the compensation paid to our executive officers based upon the years of service to us
The following tables set forth the ownership
 as of March 27
 2019
 of our common stock by each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent (5%) of our outstanding common stock
 our directors
 and our executive officers and directors as a group. To the best of our knowledge
 the persons named have sole voting and investment power with respect to such shares
 except as otherwise noted. There are not any pending or anticipated arrangements that may cause a change in control. The information presented below regarding beneficial ownership of our voting securities has been presented in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not necessarily indicative of ownership for any other purpose. Under these rules
 a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares the power to vote or direct the voting of the security or the power to dispose or direct the disposition of the security. A person is deemed to own beneficially any security as to which such person has the right to acquire sole or shared voting or investment power within sixty (60) days through the conversion or exercise of any convertible security
 warrant
 option or other right. More than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities. The percentage of beneficial ownership by any person as of a particular date is calculated by dividing the number of shares beneficially owned by such person
 which includes the number of shares as to which such person has the right to acquire voting or investment power within sixty (60) days
 by the sum of the number of shares outstanding as of such date plus the number of shares as to which such person has the right to acquire voting or investment power within sixty (60) days. Consequently
 the denominator used for calculating such percentage may be different for each beneficial owner. Except as otherwise indicated below and under applicable community property laws
 we believe that the beneficial owners of our common stock listed below have sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown. The business address for these shareholders is 6601 Lyons Road
 Suite L-6
Edgar Ward
 Founder
 Chief Executive Officer
22
899
1
000
23
899
Neil Catania
8
770
8
770
31
669
1
000
32
669
16
182
16
182
NewLeaf Assets
34
361
34
361
82
214
1
000
83
214
Edgar Ward
 Founder
 Chief Executive Officer
1
1
Neil Catania
1
1
1
1
Based upon 128
667
583 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of March 27
 2019. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Except as otherwise indicated
 we believe that the beneficial owners of the common stock listed above
 based on information furnished by such owners
 have sole investment and voting power with respect to such shares
Based upon 128
667
583 of common stock and 1
000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock as of March 27
 2019. The amount stated reflects the number of votes held on all matters submitted to a vote of the holders of our common and Series A Preferred Shares. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock is entitled to 500
000 votes per share or an aggregate of 500
000
000 votes. Our Founder
 Chief Executive Officer
 President and Director
 Edgar Ward
 holds all 1
000 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock which entitled him to an aggregate of 500
000
000 votes. Mr. Ward also holds 23
391
539 common shares directly and 1
000
000 shares indirectly which provide him with an aggregate of 23
899
407 votes. As such
 Mr. Ward holds an aggregate of 523
899
NewLeaf Assets
 LLC.
 beneficially owns an aggregate of 34
361
763 common shares consisting of 15
764
705 common shares
 warrants to purchase 10
950
000 common and an option to acquire 7
647
058 common shares at the price of $650
000 at any time prior to April 8
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
Other than as described below
 during the fiscal years ended December 31
 2017 and 2018 respectively
 we have not entered into any material transactions with any director
 executive officer
 and promoter
 beneficial owner of five percent (5%) or more of our common stock
On January 4
 2017
 Neil Catania
 our Vice-President
 converted an aggregate of $103
663 of principal and interest outstanding under a promissory note into 414
On January 4
 2017
 Neil Catania
 our Vice-President
 converted principal and accrued interest due in the amount of $841
750 pursuant to a November 15
 2012 and July 26
 2016 convertible notes and a December 31
 2013 line of credit into our common shares at the price of $.25 per share or an aggregate of 3
367
On January 4
 2017
 Neil Catania
 our Vice-President
 converted principal and interest of $432
500 pursuant to a promissory note 1
750
On January 13
 2017
 we entered into an employment agreement with Edgar Ward
 our Chief Executive Officer
 President and Director. The agreement has a term of five (5) years. Under the agreement
 each year
 Mr. Ward shall receive a base salary of two hundred fifty thousand Dollars ($250
000.00) per year beginning with the year ending December 31
 2017
 and a bonus of one hundred thousand ($100
000.00) each year for his services as our Chief Executive Officer and President. We are required to reimburse all normal
 usual and necessary expenses incurred by Mr. Ward in furtherance of the business
 including reasonable travel and entertainment. Mr. Ward is entitled to a vacation of twenty-four (24) days per annum
On March 3
 2017
 we issued 7
220
585 shares to Edgar Ward
 our Chief Executive Officer
 President and Director
 for services rendered. We valued these shares at $1.45 per share or an aggregate of $10
453
315. On November 27
 2017
 we issued 6
674
837 shares to Mr
 Ward
 our Chief Executive Officer
 President and Director
 for services rendered. We valued these shares at $1.27 per share or an aggregate of $8
464
On January 6
 2017
 we sold 200
000 units to Breadfruit Tree Inc.
 a Florida corporation
 doing business as NF Skin
 our distributor
 and controlled by F. Bruce Hutson
 for the aggregate price of $20
000 or $.10 per unit. Each unit consisted of one (1) share of common stock and one (1) warrant to purchase one (1) share of common stock at the price of $0.50 which expired on January 6
On July 25
 2018
 we entered into an agreement with Breadfruit Tree DBA NFSkin
 a Florida corporation where by we agreed to pay them 15% of their net sales of our product. The 15% is payable in up to 3
000
000 shares of our common stock which the number of shares will be calculated based on a value of $.20 per share. On September 10
 2018
 we issued 514
On July 31
 2018
 we entered into an agreement as amended March 10
 2019
 with New Leaf Assets
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company
 wherein NewLeaf invested the sums of $250
000
 $130
000 and $1
000
000 in our securities on July 31
 2018
 August 31
 2018 and March 15
 2019
 respectively. On July 31
 2018
 NewLeaf was granted 2
000
0000 shares on the Company&#8217;s common stock and warrants to purchase 625
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at the price of $.20 per share at any time for a period of three (3) years. On August 31
 2018 NewLeaf received warrants to purchase 325
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at the price of $.20 per share at any time for a period of three (3) years. On March 15
 2019
 NewLeaf was issued 13
764
705 common shares
 granted warrants to purchase an additional 10 million common shares at the price of $.20 per share at anytime until March 4
 2022 and an option to purchase an aggregate of 7
647
058 common shares at the aggregate price of $650
000 at any time prior to April 8
 2019. As a result
 NewLeaf holds an aggregate of 15
764
705 of the Company&#8217;s common shares at an average price of $.0726 per share
 warrants to purchase an additional 10
950
000 common shares and an option to purchase an additional 7
647
058 common shares for an aggregate price of $650
000 at any time prior to April 8
On December 21
 2018
 we issued 5
294
117 common shares to Kahn Family Limited PT II for a price of $.085 per share or an aggregate of $449
479.50 On February 1
 2019
 we issued 7
647
059 common shares to Kahn Family Limited PT II for a price of $.085 per share or an aggregate of $650
000. On February 8
 2019
 we issued 2
941
176 common shares to Kahn Family Limited PT II for a price of $.085 per share or an aggregate of $650
000. On March 12
 2019
 we issued 300
For our fiscal years ended December 31
 2017 and December 31
 2018
 we were billed approximately $45
000 and $56
000 respectively
We did not incur any audit related fees
 other than the fees discussed in Audit Fees
 above
 for services related to our audit for the fiscal years ended December 31
 2017 and December 31
We do not have an audit committee. As a result
Item 15. Exhibits
Articles of Organization of Nutrafuels
 LLC
Articles of Incorporation of Nutrafuels
 Inc.
Bylaws of Nutrafuels
Employment Agreement with Edgar Ward
 dated October 10
Agreement with Neil Catania dated October 9
Agreement with JZ Marketing &#8211; Josh Zwagil
 dated August 16
Agreement with Patagonia Global Trading &#8211; David Zirulnikoff
 dated December 7
Agreement with Michael R. Anderson
 dated April 10
Agreement with Kenneth Duchin
 dated February 23
Agreement with CFN Media
 dated December 5
Agreement with Venture Capital Group LLC
 dated December 14
Agreement with Peter Ciarci
 dated August 1
Agreement with Five Star Labs LLC
 dated August 1
Agreement with Osprey Capital Advisors
 dated October 1
Agreement with WT Consulting
 dated July 18
Agreement with Uptick Capital
 dated October 14
Agreement with Benchmark Advisory Partners LLC
 dated April 14
Agreement with Sullivan Media
 dated August 25
Neil Catania Note Agreement in the amount of $160
Neil Catania Note Agreement in the amount of $50
Agreement between Owen Morgan &amp; Phytochem Technologies
Agreement between Orlando Pharmacy Inc.
 and NutraLife BioSciences
Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
(i) Filed as an exhibit to the Form 10 Registration Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 1
(ii) Filed as an exhibit to the Definitive Schedule 14C filed with the SEC on February 15
(iii) Filed as an exhibit to the Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 7
(iv) Filed as an exhibit to the Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 13
(v) Filed as an exhibit to the Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 18
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
NutraLife BioSciences
Date: April 1
Chief Financial Officer
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
Date: April 1
Chief Financial Officer
 








PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
I
 Edgar Ward
 the Chief Executive Officer
 President and sole director of NutraLife BioSciences
 Inc.
I have reviewed the Company&#8217;s annual report on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this quarterly report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an quarterly report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
any fraud
 whether or not material
Date: April 1
 2019








PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
In connection with the Annual Report of NutraLife BioSciences
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2018 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 Edgar Ward
 President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 certifies
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
Date: April 1
A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906
 or other document authenticating
 acknowledging
 or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.







begin 644 nlbs_10kimg1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#^_8 8' Z#
MM[4N!Z#\J!T'T'\J6@!

M\J6B@!

C

]1V!Z?CC!QZ'I7YH_M/_







M



+Q%[&C6J


#T'Y48'H/RI:* (@%('8GO@^OY5%)(D:


M




#T'Y4M%=Y^FB8'H/R


MF!Z#\J






QX'!&/3-7[RX.3\Q^O\SSW!) _$FN4
MO;CKSQCD#TXY]


=JU/AY\4_$?PA\=Z#X^\*77D:IH
MET)#:R

LT*
O(WEQUY []QU[ _@





_ VNPZOH]^OERJ&1+[1

YQA&4Y6C&*NWLDD5YY








MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@'DKGTS@=P


M-RK1MNAFNDM+*55.RY88S^B'P^_X)K?!K0E@N/&4WB#X@:@F?
&IWDFCZ
22

M/




%CX;\=7T'PF^(+I'$VD^)KZ./P[J]T5.XZ!XGF6WL9&E92
MR:;J?]GZ@ADCMX$OFS

K'QIX^^']WH5P
/QF%B





=22V22PZG@9_$FJVI0H 78;R3\V[TQC)' S]W( (!&
?
3_ #P77_!=

-P03Y-XI_X+N7M










J
MM.7+)R:T::C;7;3_ VW$L-%@@915 7/0?PYSVY([ 9[9[9WUM8XAA$^8Y

=OZ=1DG)N]7M;:-Y)9DC15WNSNJHB1@N6=F.%

MIIUI&^
(A.^2;;YMS.\LTQ9Y
TGQ$^(WBOXC:[/XA\7ZO/JM_(66%7_=V=A;



M^&B67B3QE!9^
?'2_OUN;JW670] D.&\O1;&Y3$UW$PW'6+U&N6D59+..Q7=

EMI-FPVVT'R

JW-V#
RK%]8QQK$N 
$' & 
%\*=.AC\PIW;Y*E
MI12U]QIW?3?M\SW




M8A*
[)J***[3]6BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** $'0?0?RI:0=!]!_*EH


8( X'Y=!Q7B9SG&%R;
MSQ6*J0IQ@N9\TK;6=NE_+5^5BHQE.2C%7;V1:DN53^(9Y.1GC/)' !/J 
'
MC)K*FU..(-(SA0 S



M)]E?7]6E#E!%8Z7Y8=@%PRRW]S91E
G:Q!
B%2#'G:3X-XM_;CU5E:'PGX/@

GGV[^G&

MVRLUB%QL&=LEUYTFUBS




\]023TX[C\?3C@8[U^O/[!

M99XV_+3X5^#9OB5\3O!?@E2_DZYKEI'J+HS1Z5;_PF:I(%5U_U6GP3X=7^
M1BK#*KBOZ7/#NFV^F:;:6EI!'!;6L
5O;V\2+''#;6Z+%#%&OW42*-$5!C:%
M4* .W];^!O+SK1Q^(C*:C.#3FKM.\7=^O3?ST/6X4P




_#Q1\,O$*K:W&H0F_\,:['LEUX8\76$4SZ)KUL&1
%P
ALJ

W.



MX7_1ZQ67X^AB

MYQ^%5XXQ$JH 3ZXPIQCT.
G/./3MFK#%2.N3VP#_ K[V,5!*,5912LNRZ'^
M@V2Y;3RK 4,'1A:-*FHZ+;W4K?UY^A)1113/3BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** $'0





M-/UV^^$OB2XU*?PU=0VVMZ/K&F76AZ[91W*;[2_;3+U5FETVZ(DBAOH3)!Y\

7<JM


A$
M3[XA\T?&X?

N-(O6ETG4




/B*OB/_@BC_R7?XN?]DEC

M_P -_%C4O$ECJGB;2)M;TI=$\
W^N026$%Y)82--/:?+!*+B)@(F^8IA^AKN

_M#RXR












_

3
MQRQ2H
.D]CJ%JDJ2PB?9PE\$M5W^72R^_HW8&Y+5I6\NGKN?VWT5\;?L)_M*
M7'[4/P T+QQK:6T/C;1+VY\(^.H;15B@E\0:3%;R?VK!;*2+:#6]/NK/4U@!


M%'&C2222
%CCC0%G=V8A555!9F) 4 DG K^/;]N7X[:C^U+^TYKM]X=:YU/P






M[Z*^F^C6GS6GS&W:WFTC]3O^'NG[&?\ T
/CW_PWVMT?\/=/V

MOM;KVW_AWG^Q;_T;UX'_  _MH?H-6H_X=Y_L6_\ 1O?@?\]:_P#EM57H]JGW



M)XPB/RX)(SBOG#_A[I^QG_T
/CW_ 


MYE(U$ R7%Q+)


M]C/_ *&'Q[_X;[6Z/^'NG[&?_0P^/?\ PWVMU[C_ 






M3+K7ANX ;RFL+Z+.XXW?:8F=0% C+
3R&X!QA2/CJ\F(X!Y/7V&[ R/YC)


Y_#/4#Z=

MD'OVYSGGI^'&W.




M8^WRKDYQCIC_ *_T1\E..31A*+]WE2NM-HZ7Z_Y'[1X78F5?*JE[VA:WJ^



M?I;]3\0_V4OVG?B#^QS\7GUJSU&70Y+[_A'OBC\/+QI+)M3LK*Z:Z4VTXQ

M VH6J_:_S2_8!_;;U;]E7QR?#WBNXO=2^?C&_B7Q3I2EYI?FIRF.%/&6BV
MYY62W4+%KVGQ[1J5A'Y@4WUI;

SN
M/^O?_)WD_\ V3KPA_Z!=U^R/_!*[_DRKX:?]A;QU_ZF.LU^+G_!6+6-+\0_
MM2V6OZ'?VNJZ)K?PK\#:KI&J6,J7%CJ6G7MO=36E[9W$;&.:WGB8/'(A((..
M"!^T?\ P2N_Y,J^&G_86\=?^ICK-$OX,?D$?CE\_P SQW_@LQ_R;-X2_PR


MAXV2*Z^
.N^0Y! D$/AKPJDC(2

 YVDC(W C.0172_X'R7_ *4B%\;]/\C]
M?****YBS^'O]I#_DX'XY?]E8\=_^I'?5_9_\'_\ DDOPN_[)UX)_]1K3*_C


T/Y$?V

#%?P;^#M7\4Z!XC\/:WX(O


M$U_
-_P6$^*?@7Q[\=_!WA?PCJ%CK6I_#?PC=:-XNU+3I(;FWMM7U+59+^+0
M#=1

B_$7BK]K;]J_7[2_P##?B[X\?%N:U+3








M!^%?AAX


M!UC9C;W-KI=S(-9UN+.%8ZYK(N)XI=H)T^&P0EEC#M^E?[%/[:?[%7[
7P#\



MGQ#9XO-!U6+-GE7L]3AMVDVE3+;-/ Q\N9P?PC_9C^-^J?LY_'+P)\4]/EDF



;*O_!8'2&=EC4?&


1@.IY!0^-_X7^:'
M.]E97?


M_#
+R_E_%'[RKJ%@[*BWUHSLP546YA+
QXA0Y))/0#))Z9JY7XG_;_ ()'

_P &O%?@KP?XIN?BM\0[:Y\2^%O#^OW-O#IOAAH8+C6=)M-1FBA

VM':ROVN2OC?I_D?L1_PNOX-_P#16OAE




M




JJ-UO?7

M;/\ Y+/\$_\ LF&O?^I77V;_ 
$9O^39O%O_ &5;7?\ TT:'6)_P4M_8J^.W



M3M

N:RT^:_P T?=)/F;Z6_P C




3O$D]H\BDVUU/&4D:?XJ?M5?L^_!K0;K7_ !W\
M5/%E'!'*T&DZ;K-CK7B'4I8U+UTS0M+GNM1NKB5ML2GR4MT=U


^
=!;[0BY*SK;ZU

MA['@4_9T]_::?*_3^MNJ^:O+;EU_#^OF?/\ ^UA^T#J_[4WQU\1?$QM-NK*P
MU%['P[X)\.D_:+W3_#E@S6^C6$@BW+)JNHSS2WU['!F-M0OI8H0RHW]2/[
M/P2U+X!?LQ?#KP/K]N;3Q3=VMUXL\5V9Y:RU[Q//_:
VGR?*I\[2[1K+39@V
M2DUI(@9D537S)^R#_P $MOA_\ M;TOXC?$[6;;XI?$K2FCNM$A2Q-MX*\*:@


M&M
K^=7XQ_\ !+3]K?QK\6?B?XPT+1/ DFB^*O'GBGQ#I#W7CBSMKE]-U;6;
MJ]LVGMVLF

MQP2B:%+[2]%LK[2*8 :);B18Y0 )%L 
XK6K*+5.TE*T=6NGNQW^[\B(




T4@9)(I$9DDC=2KJ2K J2#_.



M@6&&X)T90!I.I$R[]/*V
Y5K.W:3X=_;^_8Y_;!_:J^-2Z_X8T7P='\-?!^D






Z_P#!
M8W_HM][_ .'7TK_Y1U] ?LN_!;_@I7X4^.'@S7OC[\5+KQ'\*K$ZT?$^CO\

JK
GE&
3$D1[6S=-)?'!V71Z]-$^^
M_P!UROD_P_S/UK\5?\BQXC_[ .L?^F^XK^=7_@BW_P E[^
__9.8_P#U+K.O
MZ



5_
O\8?^4P6C

M=/\ $C]K:***S*BC-&:5UW7W^G^:^]=P/YV_P#@MZ?&WP) '_

?_3MI



,#KR<\G_PM7J_B[X2?%7PLSIK_ 





M29(_T/PYJCPC!P6-R;5+=5'&6


[9SCIC]HOV'?V&KKP


MQ&G?7/P!_8S^%/P+\G4M&TN77/%SQ

3C
MX7JPY)14DMURO9K5OHOT/T+A7@&]GB

ME5!T'10
:9TSM\O9NP3@7'QU_:*L
M()+N?]E37+B&!6=XM.^*'@R[O'4

J!8@6!)



MF







ZR?H@8
M$$87'(!(^O/4\CC.0..G P*^5I2QF.E6JQK.G&$W:-VMG%Z'DT'B
7SU?:.$

\3:
M
P\M6G^SG='?:=YLBQI?VCL@+QF2.W


MWCW*[JEQ(BD8BV?HQ:
9+=






36\-])





MBIUYRQE6B]HQNEOOR6M_7YG0D[@1T/?OC'Y9_O?VAOC(/@9\.]1\?-H4WB

?A-\7)?B







M-

MM=TY2M&?:245NM5IT[]K'O.C?'./5_C]XJ^!B^'Y89/#'@?2/&C^)#?H\-VF

HRNONBK:=D_

?*.2#SSCCZ\XP3^/OT\%^-'[0'@OX+6NE


]






]Q%#%'-(L:RRB


-4\3Z3X3\8:





$OY4NFZ:^Z_E
M=QHT8?!2A'S4(I_?O^(F!Z#\J6BBO6- I#T/T/\ *EHH _
_]HOQ?H'P]_:\









G*7/4F[RE^B]!&W$ =




+=-FT
M]U;Q#XC\2V/AFYE:2Y\-:-KNH&XTO1;E69A;W%O;GSI;0$_9I)SRQS++$O

M95(EBFC26*1.3L:.0

.?F8%

MPA*3E*


]NN:^&_
M^@2O_PSOKTBQ33&/Q!X.E*V\$MQ*53Q%I\CE8H4=W 16;J3\OI7W*!C'?&

#AA@$'*D;AGIQQCH*K
L++&865)-)W]V^WQ+?_
+V9
M72)%96*Z 5

ML#Q+9+





X8 D8][^/OP)T7XT^$(]
M+N;B71/%&A7:Z[X'\7V 

#R(D=]:K(JW-N!RL\5M+


]
XS

KRWZC3J14F^9K9WNM._HT]OR-

MWM$

M[6R@^+?@SP]'Y_B+1]2TV/R;7QEH6G;E_M+; ^HVZGS&#W8D:&*2XM?T7Q








M\?##X4CXS:%\0O$%QH&J77QQ\?:O:V\OA[Q'=K/I]U/:0074
VGZ3=0
CM:2

G'A7QCA5 4DG_ (D X;L!DDY!STKZ
MN?2;!W+M;0DN29
Q(=Q))).1R23DYZMSUSE5T?3B5/V2#)!/




MGINZ#D].O--B54C14 10
*J@!5 '&%'   X XJ09[G/X8KZ:$91IQ4FN:T5)


TY65VE9-VU:6ME?S/GKXV_%GQ5\*?^$?U;3_A?XD^(

LEVT#Q+;PQ9=R[H*\JD_;3_
/96SW08=+AHC+D<8

MF?#?[%7A+6(]?^.'Q.B\*ZGX$\!_%#QG9:MX$\+ZK9MI-X=
L;*6&YUZ30P=





