

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001062993-14-001602
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20131231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20140326
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20140326
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Nutrastar International Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001273385
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FOOD & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2000]
		IRS NUMBER:				800264950
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52899
		FILM NUMBER:		14718757
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4/F YUSHAN PLAZA
 51 YUSHAN ROAD
		STREET 2:		NANGANG DISTRICT
		CITY:			HARBIN
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			150090
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(86) 451-87114869
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4/F YUSHAN PLAZA
 51 YUSHAN ROAD
		STREET 2:		NANGANG DISTRICT
		CITY:			HARBIN
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			150090
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SHUAIYI INTERNATIONAL NEW RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090527
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	YZAPP INTERNATIONAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20031215









   






 D.C. 20549




SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
December 31
 2013 

15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC.
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

    
    

    
    
51 Yushan
Road 
 Harbin
People&#146;s Republic of China

(Address
of principal executive offices) 
(86) 451-82287746
(Registrant&#146;s
telephone number
 including area code) 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
Name of each exchange on which registered
      

    
    

Act: Common Stock
 par value $0.001 per share 

seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [&nbsp; ]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
No [X] 

file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [&nbsp;
]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; No [X] 

reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.&nbsp; Yes [X]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; No [ &nbsp;] 

electronically and posted on its corporate Website
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T (&#167; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files) Yes [X]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; No [ &nbsp;]


pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be
contained
 to the best of registrant&#146;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or
information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K
or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [X] 

accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of &#147;large accelerated filer
&#148;
&#147;accelerated filer&#148; and &#147;smaller reporting company&#148; in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    (Do not check if a

    
    
    

(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act) Yes [
&nbsp;]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; No [X] 

 2013 (the last business day of the registrant&#146;s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter)
 the aggregate market value of
the shares of the registrant&#146;s common stock held by non-affiliates (based
upon the closing price of such shares as reported on the Over-the-Counter
Bulletin Board) was approximately $6.8 million. Shares of the registrant&#146;s
common stock held by each executive officer and director and by each person who
owns 10% or more of the outstanding common stock have been excluded from the
calculation in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates of the
registrant. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a
conclusive determination for other purposes. 




804
986 shares of the registrant&#146;s
common stock outstanding as of March 17
 2014. 









style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  

For the
Fiscal Year Ended December 31
 2013




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


&nbsp;

  
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
  
    
    
    

    
  
    
    
    

    

 Related

    

    
    
    

    


    

    


    

    


    

    


    

    
    
    

    
    
    
  
    
    
    

&nbsp;
  
  
    
    
    

    

 Executive Officers

    

    
    
    

    


    

    


    

    


    
  
    
    
    

&nbsp;
  
  
    
    
    

    

 Financial Statement








 this report contains
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933
 as amended
 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
as amended. We use words such as &#147;believe
&#148; &#147;expect
&#148; &#147;anticipate
&#148; &#147;project
&#148;
&#147;target
&#148; &#147;plan
&#148; &#147;optimistic
&#148; &#147;intend
&#148; &#147;aim&#148; or similar expressions which are
intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such statements include
 among
others
 those concerning market and industry segment growth and demand and
acceptance of new and existing products; any projections of sales
 earnings
revenue
 margins or other financial items; any statements of the plans
strategies and objectives of management for future operations; any statements
regarding future economic conditions or performance; uncertainties related to
conducting business in China
 as well as all assumptions
 expectations
predictions
 intentions or beliefs about future events. You are cautioned that
any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and
involve risks and uncertainties
 including those identified in Item 1A
 &#147;Risk
Factors&#148; included herein
 as well as assumptions
 which
 if they were to ever
materialize or prove incorrect
 could cause the results of the Company to differ
materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.


forward-looking statements are reasonable
 we cannot guarantee future results
level of activity
 performance
 or achievements. Moreover
 neither we nor any
other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any of
these forward-looking statements. You should not rely upon forward-looking
statements as predictions of future events. We are under no duty to update any
of these forward-looking statements after the date of this report to conform our
prior statements to actual results or revised expectations. 


 references in
this report to:

  
  
&#148; &#147;Chinese&#148; and &#147;PRC
&#148; refer to the People&#146;s Republic of China;
  
 as amended.
  
&#148; &#147;we
&#148; &#147;us
&#148; &#147;our company&#148; and &#147;our&#148; refer to Nutrastar
  International Inc.
 a Nevada corporation
 its subsidiaries
 and
 in the
  context of describing our operations and business
 and consolidated financial
  information
 include our VIE Entities;
  
  
  
 as amended;
  
&#148; &#147;dollars&#148; and &#147;$&#148; refer to the legal currency of the
  United States; and
  
  including Heilongjiang Shuaiyi New Energy Development Co.
 Ltd. and its
  subsidiaries as depicted in our organizational chart on page 6 below. 

 2009
 we implemented a 1-for-114.59 reverse
stock split of issued and outstanding shares of our common stock. Except where
specifically indicated
 all common share information (including information
related to warrants to purchase common stock) has been restated to reflect the
1-for-114.59 reverse split. 







style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    



branded Traditional Chinese Medicine consumer products including commercially
cultivated Cordyceps Militaris
 organic and specialty food products and
functional health beverages. 

products. Cordyceps Militaris is a species of parasitic fungus that is typically
found in north-eastern China. It is a precious ingredient in traditional Chinese
medicine and widely believed in China to offer high medical and health benefits

yang
 

Mushrooms
 
immune system
 and can be used as a supplement for combating certain effects of
fatigue and aging
 the occurrences of certain tumors
 and combating
arteriosclerosis and certain gastrointestinal disorders
 as well as reducing
blood pressure. In addition
 Cordyceps Militaris has significantly high economic

 
Sinensis) can cost as much as $10
000 per kilogram. Due to the extremely
sensitive growing conditions of Cordyceps Militaris
 it is very difficult to
grow the plant in a man-made environment. After several years of laboratory
tests
 we developed a technology to commercially grow and produce Cordyceps
Militaris in 2006. We generated 77.7% and 75.5% of our revenues from Cordyceps
Militaris for fiscal years 2013 and 2012
 respectively. We believe that we own
approximately 16% of the worldwide market share in the cultivated Cordyceps
Militaris industry. We plan to continue to focus on Cordyceps Militaris based
consumer products in the near future
 which is our fastest growing product line
with the greatest market demand and a significantly higher profit margin. 



VIE Entity
 Harbin Shuaiyi Green &amp; Specialty Food Trading LLC
 or Harbin
Shuaiyi
 which was formed in 2001. After years of development
 we believe that
we have become one of the largest wholesale distributors of organic and
specialty food in Heilongjiang Province
 China. We plan to increase our focus in
our organic and specialty food products business
 including efforts to become a
producer and increase our distribution capabilities. 

in the fourth quarter of 2010. The non-carbonized beverage products were
developed internally and contain the Cordyceps Militaris as a key ingredient.
The products are currently being marketed directly to consumers in select cities
in Jiangsu and Anhui through various distribution channels. 



December 22
 2002. Following incorporation
 we engaged in the business of
developing software which allowed us to act as an application service provider
acting as a conduit between
retailers and financial institutions. Because this business was not successful
 we were focused on the identification of suitable businesses with which to enter into a business opportunity or business combination until December 23
 2008
 when we
completed our reverse acquisition of New Zealand WAYNE&rsquo;s New Resources Development Co.
 Ltd.
 or New Resources.  As a result of our reverse acquisition of New Resources
 we are no longer a shell company and active business operations were
revived. 






On May 19
 2009
 we filed amended and restated articles of incorporation with the Nevada Secretary of State to amend our articles of incorporation to
 among other things
 (1) change our name from &ldquo;YzApp International Inc.&rdquo; to
&ldquo;Shuaiyi International New Resources Development Inc.
&rdquo; (2) increase the total number of shares of common stock that we have the authority to issue from 50
000
000 to 190
000
000 shares and (3) effect a 1-for-114.59 reverse split of our
outstanding common stock. 

On January 11
 2010
 we changed our name to Nutrastar International Inc. to more accurately reflect our marketing and branding strategy.  Our common stock has been quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board under the new symbol NUIN since January 20
 2010.




New Resources is a holding company
 which was incorporated in the BVI under the BVI Business Company Act on March 13
 2008.  New Resources was wholly-owned by New Zealand WAYNE's Investment Holdings Co.
 Ltd.
 or Investment Holdings
 a BVI company
before we acquired New Resources on December 23
 2008.  

Heilongjiang Shuaiyi New Energy Development Co.
 Ltd.
 or Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 was established on July 11
 2006 under the laws of the PRC.  Heilongjiang Shuaiyi has two wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Daqing Shuaiyi Biotech Co.
 Ltd.
 or Daqing Shuaiyi
and Harbin Shuaiyi.  On July 28
 2008
 pursuant to a restructuring plan intended to ensure compliance with regulatory requirements of the PRC
 the nine original shareholders of Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 or the Founders
 including our chairperson and
chief executive officer
 Lianyun Han
 entered into an equity transfer agreement
 or the Equity Transfer Agreement
 with New Resources
 pursuant to which the Founders transferred all of their equity interests in Heilongjiang Shuaiyi to New Resources
for a purchase price of RMB 60 million (approximately &#36;8.8 million).  As a result
 New Resources became the 100% owner of Heilongjiang Shuaiyi and
 indirectly
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi. 

On December 8
 2008
 Heilongjiang Shuaiyi entered into a separate loan agreement and promissory notes
 or the Notes
 with each of the Founders
 pursuant to which Heilongjiang Shuaiyi borrowed an aggregate of RMB 60 million (approximately &#36;8.8
million) from the Founders
 which amount is exactly equal to the proceeds that they were entitled to receive for the transfer of their ownership of Heilongjiang Shuaiyi under the Equity Transfer Agreement. The Notes bear no interest and are payable
in successive equal yearly payments beginning on the tenth anniversary of the Notes
 December 8
 2018
 and within the first month of each year thereafter. The final payment is due on January 1
 2028. On February 12
 2009
 Heilongjiang Shuaiyi and
the Founders amended the Notes
 pursuant to which the Founders subordinated any right to receive any payment with respect to this loan to the payment or provision for payment in full of all claims of all present and future creditors of Heilongjiang
Shuaiyi.  

On December 23
 2008
 pursuant to a share exchange agreement
 we completed a reverse acquisition transaction of New Resources whereby we issued to Investment Holdings 689
390 shares of our series A preferred stock
 constituting approximately 94% of
our issued and outstanding capital stock on a fully-diluted basis
 in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of New Resources.  New Resources thereby became our wholly owned subsidiary and Investment Holdings became our
controlling stockholder.  



According to relevant Chinese laws
 the equity interest transfer price should be paid by New Resources to the Founders in full within a certain period of time after Heilongjiang Shuaiyi obtained the new business license.  Because New Resources would
not be able to pay off the equity interest transfer price within such required time period
 New Resources and the Founders decided to transfer all of the equity interests in Heilongjiang Shuaiyi owned by New Resources back to the Founders.  On
October 22
 2010
 New Resources entered into an equity transfer agreement with the Founders
 pursuant to which New Resources transferred all of its equity interests in Heilongjiang Shuaiyi back to the Founders. As a result
 the equity transfer
agreement between New Resources and the Founders
 dated July 28
 2008
 was terminated and New Resources&rsquo; obligations to pay off the transfer price for the equity interest in Heilongjiang Shuaiyi to the Founders were discharged. 

3 




In connection with the equity transfer
 the Founders
 our indirectly wholly-owned Chinese subsidiary
 Harbin Baixin Biotech Development Co.
 Ltd.
 or Harbin Baixin
 and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi entered into the following commercial arrangements
 or
collectively
 VIE Agreements
 pursuant to which we have contractual rights to control and operate the businesses of Heilongjiang Shuaiyi and Heilongjiang's two Chinese subsidiaries
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi: 



 or the Service Agreement
 entered into by and between Harbin Baixin and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Harbin Baixin will provide certain exclusive technical services to Heilongjiang Shuaiyi in exchange for the



 or the Option Agreement
 entered into by and among Harbin Baixin
 the Founders and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 the Founders granted to Harbin Baixin an option to purchase at any time during the term of
this agreement
 all or part of the equity interests in Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 or the Equity Interests



 or the Voting Rights Agreement
 entered into by and among Harbin Baixin
 the Founders and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 each of the Founders irrevocably entrusted Harbin Baixin and any entities or individuals
designated by Harbin Baixin to
 among others



 the Pledge Agreement
 entered into by and among Harbin Baixin
 the Founders and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 the Founders pledged all of the Equity Interests to Harbin Baixin to secure the full and complete



As a result of the above contractual arrangements
 or the Contractual Arrangements
 we transferred all of our indirect equity interests in Heilongjiang Shuaiyi back to the Founders
 among whom
 Ms. Lianyun Han became a majority shareholder of
Heilongjiang Shuaiyi.  At the same time
 we maintain substantial control over the VIE Entities&rsquo; daily operations and financial affairs
 election of their senior executives and all matters requiring shareholder approval. Furthermore
 as the
primary beneficiary of the VIE Entities
 we are entitled to consolidate the financial results of the VIE Entities in our own consolidated financial statements under Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standard Codification (ASC) Topic
810 and related subtopics related to the consolidation of variable interest entities
 or ASC Topic 810. 

On October 22
 2010
 Heilongjiang Shuaiyi also entered into a termination agreement with each of the Founders
 pursuant to which
 the Notes were terminated and none of the parties will have any further obligations and rights thereunder.  



On December 17
 2009
 we completed a private placement transaction and sold 1
000
000 shares of our common stock to certain accredited investors at &#36;2.50 per share for a total of &#36;2.5 million pursuant to a securities purchase agreement.  In
addition
 we issued to each of the investors two warrants to purchase in aggregate 500
000 shares of our common stock
 including a Series A warrant having a term of three years with an exercise price of &#36;3.25 per share and a Series B warrant
having a term of three years with an exercise price of &#36;4.00 per share
 both of which are subject to the usual adjustments for certain corporate events.  

In addition
 pursuant to the securities purchase agreement
 the Shareholder agreed to place a total of 1
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock held by it into escrow to secure the make good obligations described below on behalf of the
investors. Under the securities purchase agreement
 the Shareholder agreed that: (i) in the event that our consolidated financial statements reflect less than &#36;9
000
000 of after-tax income for the fiscal year ending December 31
 2010
 it will
transfer to the investors
 on a pro rata basis
 for no additional consideration
 500
000 shares of our common stock owned by it; and (ii) in the event that our consolidated financial statements reflect less than &#36;11
000
000 of after-tax net
income for the fiscal year ending December 31
 2011
 it will transfer to the investors
 on a pro rata basis
 for no additional consideration
 500
000 shares of common stock owned by it. We achieved the 2011 and 2010 performance threshold and no
escrow shares have been transferred to the investors. 

4 




On May 27
 2010
 we entered into a securities purchase agreement
 or the 2010 Securities Purchase Agreement
 with certain investors
 pursuant to which
 we agreed to issue and sell up to an aggregate of 250
000 Units at a purchase price of&nbsp;
&#36;28.56 per Unit
 for an aggregate purchase price of up to &#36;7
140
000
 or the Aggregate Purchase Price.  Each Unit consists of (i) one share of a newly designated series A preferred stock
 par value &#36;0.001 per share
 or the Series A
Preferred Stock
 with an initial one-to-ten conversion ratio into shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
 par value &#36;0.001 per share
 and (ii) warrants to purchase five shares of common stock at an exercise price of &#36;3.40 per share
 or
the Series C Warrants. In addition
 Gilford Securities Incorporated
 as the placement agent of this transaction
 received from the investors a fee equal to 2% of the Aggregate Purchase Price and Series C Warrants to purchase 2% of the aggregate
number of shares of common stock that shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be issued under the 2010 Securities Purchase Agreement are convertible into. 

In connection with the 2010 Securities Purchase Agreement
 we filed a Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada
 or the 2010 Certificate
 on May 27
 2010
 which became effective upon
filing.  Pursuant to the 2010 Certificate
 there are 300
000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock authorized. 

On June 7
 2010 and June 28
 2010
 we consummated the first and the second closing of the private placement transaction contemplated by the 2010 Securities Purchase Agreement
 respectively
 in which we issued in aggregate 197
706 Units to certain
investors at a purchase price of &#36;28.56 per unit for gross proceeds of approximately &#36;5.65 million. 



Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement
 a written request was received from a holder holding a majority of Series A Preferred Stock on July 14
 2010 and the Company filed the Registration Statement on August 11
 2010. The Registration
Statement was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) on September 15
 2010.

On August 24
 2011
 the Board of Directors of the Company authorized a repurchase of up to &#36;5 million of the Company&rsquo;s common stock over twelve months (the &ldquo;Repurchase Program&rdquo;). In connection with the adoption of the
Repurchase Program
 the Company entered into an amendment agreement (&ldquo;Amendment No. 1&rdquo;) with the investors to amend the Securities Purchase Agreement. Specifically
 under Amendment No. 1
 the Company may use the proceeds for general
corporate and working capital purposes and acquisition of assets
 businesses or operations or for other purposes that the Board of Directors in good faith deems to be in the best interest of the Company
 including the repurchase or redemption of
shares of the Company&rsquo;s capital stock. 

Also on August 24
 2011
 the Company entered into a lock up agreement with the investors
 pursuant to which the investors agreed not to sell
 transfer or dispose of
 directly or indirectly
 any shares of Company common stock or any securities
convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Company common stock that it beneficially owns without a prior written consent of the Company for a period of six months.  

The Company repurchased 38
894 and 4
661shares of its common stock under the Repurchase Program at a weighted-average price of &#36;1.78 and &#36;2.05 per share for an aggregate purchase cost of &#36;69
214 and &#36;9
553 for the years ended
December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. The Repurchase Program expired on August 24
 2012. 

5 




The following chart reflects our organizational structure as of the date of this report:  



6  






Our business operations can be categorized into three segments based on the type of products we manufacture and sell
 specifically (i) Cordyceps Militaris
 (ii) organic and specialty food products and (iii) functional health beverage.  

We grow and sell our Cordyceps Militaris as well as manufacture and distribute our functional health beverages through Daqing Shuaiyi.  Harbin Shuaiyi is mainly engaged in the business of selling our organic and specialty food products. 

For financial information relating to our business segments
 see Item 7
 &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&rdquo; and Note 18 to our consolidated financial statements appearing
elsewhere in this annual report.



Widespread economic development in China has not only increased the disposable income of Chinese consumers
 it has also lead to an increase in consumer awareness of the risks of dietary imbalances
 environment issues and the importance of
maintaining appropriate levels of vitamins and minerals in the human body. According to the National Bureau of Statistics
 China&rsquo;s urban population was approximately 690 million at the end of year 2012 with more than 300 million considered to
be in the middle class. The study by the Institute of Urban and Environmental Studies of Chinese Academy of Social Sciences anticipates that China&rsquo;s urban population will rise to 976 million by 2030.  Along with a growing middle class
 all of
these facts have rapidly increased Chinese consumers&rsquo; demand for nutraceutical products. Today the Chinese dietary supplements industry is estimated to be worth approximately &#36;15.8 billion in annual sales
 according to the China Health
Care Association Blue paper
 which is an association affiliated with China's Ministry of Health. We believe that the next era of nutrition will focus on naturally occurring properties provided from plants
 fruits
 and vegetables
 which support good
health.

Because of the rarity and high prices of the wild collected variety
 attempts have long been made to cultivate Cordyceps Militaris. By the mid-1980s
 the majority of Cordyceps Militaris available in the worldwide marketplace were cultivated. Because
of the development of modern biotechnology-based cultivation methods
 the availability of this previously rare health supplement has greatly increased in the last 20 years. The demand for Cordyceps Militaris has also compounded exponentially
 in
this same time frame
 partly because of the opening of China to trade with the West in the 1970s
 exposing many more people around the world to the concepts and practices of traditional Chinese medicine. As Cordyceps Militaris has always been highly
revered in traditional Chinese medicine
 we believe that with increased exposure to traditional Chinese medicine
 the demand for this plant has also increased. Such an increase has led to overharvesting of the wild stocks and a subsequent shortage
of wild collected varieties of Cordyceps Militaris.  

International markets for Cordyceps Militaris are mainly in the Hong Kong
 Japan
 South Korea
 Southeast Asia
 and North America. The European and Australian markets are also emerging. According to 

 
 the market demand for Cordyceps Militaris will reach over 1
550 tons a year by year 2016. With about 50 Cordyceps Militaris manufacturers in China having an aggregate production capacity of only
550 tons a year
 there is a big gap between supply and demand and therefore a great potential for our Cordyceps Militaris market.  



We believe that our success to date and potential for future growth can be attributed to a combination of our strengths
 including the following:  



We sell organic and specialty food products
 functional health beverages and Cordyceps Militaris products that the followers of traditional Chinese medicine believe have high nutrient concentration
 potential



We believe we have established ourselves as a dominant player in China&rsquo;s Cordyceps Militaris industry. We believe that we currently own approximately 16% of the production in
the world market of Cordyceps Militaris. By successfully commercializing our Cordyceps Militaris
planting technology
 we believe that we have achieved economies of scale and accordingly significantly high margin that no other material competitor can match in the near future.


7 




&nbsp;

Our research and development team has a strong and extensive technology background and has been an early participant in the Cordyceps Militaris market. Currently we have 21 technicians in our R&amp;D
department. The head of our research and development team
 Mr. Lichen Wang
 is a lead expert in the field of edible fungus in China. Mr. Wang graduated with a Bachelor&rsquo;s degree in edible fungus and has served as the deputy director of several



Our management team has extensive operating experience and industry knowledge. Ms. Lianyun Han
 our founder and chief executive officer
 has more than 10 years of experience in





As a leading Cordyceps Militaris consumer products producer in China
 we believe we are well positioned to capitalize on future industry growth in China. We are dedicated to providing healthy and nutritional products to our consumers. We will
implement the following strategic plans to take advantage of industry opportunities and our competitive strengths:  



With intense price competition among many similar or identical products in the industry
 we believe that building brand awareness is the primary means to generate and sustain profitable growth in the
future. We believe that developing close cooperative relationships with research centers of well-known universities in China and globally is key to building brand equity. We also market our products through an integrated marketing program that
includes advertising in relevant media outlets



We constantly evaluate our products and seek to adapt to changing market conditions by updating our products to reflect new trends in consumer preferences. We endeavor to expand our market presence by



Our existing production lines of Cordyceps Militaris have been running at close to full capacity while the market demand for our existing products continues to increase. In order to meet the raw material
needs of our products and expand sales of small packages and beverages of our Cordyceps Militaris products
 we added 10 plants to our production line
 which have been substantially completed as of December 2013 and operations commenced in 2013.
Annual production capacity of Cordyceps Militaris was increased to approximately 100 tons in 2013
 up from 87 tons in 2012 and 72 tons in 2011. We may convert more buildings into biotechnologically controlled cultivation plants to grow and process



Our current sales depend heavily on the sales of our large-pack products to pharmaceutical companies. To support our rapid growth in sales
we plan to further expand our distribution network by selling our small-pack products through direct sales channel
 specialty stores and franchise stores. We have one-year contracts with our major distributors which normally extend for one more year
by the end of the contracts. We maintain constant communications with these distributors to keep us informed regarding consumer preferences and market trends in order to develop new products. We also organize monthly product promotion meetings with
the distributors to increase the sales of small package products. We are at the initial rollout phase of our functional health beverage through distribution channels in Jiangsu Province and Anhui Province. We have contracts with local distributors
which we expect to be renewed upon expiration. We plan to further expand our distribution networks by selling the functional health beverage through additional distribution channels
 specialty stores


We believe that the development of new technology is critical to our success. We will continuously improve the quality of our existing and future products through new technologies. We expect to maintain our



8 








Our primary product is Cordyceps Militaris. Cordyceps Militaris is a species of parasitic fungus that is typically found in the north-eastern mountainous regions of China. As a precious ingredient in traditional Chinese medicine
 Cordyceps Militaris
is widely believed in China to offer high medical and health benefits by nourishing the yin
 boosting the yang
 and invigorating the meridians of the lungs and kidneys. Due to the extremely sensitive growing conditions of Cordyceps Militaris
 it is
very difficult to grow the plants in man-made environments. Through several years laboratory tests
 we developed the technology to commercially grow and produce Cordyceps Militaris in 2006. Our production process primarily includes planting
purifying and packaging.  

Our present production capacity of Cordyceps Militaris is approximately 100 tons annually. We generated 77.7% and 75.5% of our revenues from Cordyceps Militaris for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.  We believe that we own
approximately 16% of the worldwide market share in the entire cultivated Cordyceps Militaris industry. We plan to continue to focus on Cordyceps Militaris
 which is our fastest growing product with the greatest market demand and a significantly
higher profit margin. To achieve this end
 we completed the additional production facilities to produce Cordyceps Militaris in 2013 and intend to expand our designed annual production capacity to over 100 tons in the future. 



Growth in domestic demand for organic products has been driven by rising incomes in China.  Through Harbin Shuaiyi
 we act as either a sales agent or a distributor to market and sell organic and specialty food products supplied by third-party
producers. These products mainly include Northeast Peculiar Rice.  Northeast Peculiar Rice is grown in accordance with organic product standards established by the Chinese Ministry of Agriculture. To qualify as &ldquo;organic
&rdquo; food must be
produced in an environment which relies upon natural resources
 without the use of conventional pesticides or artificial fertilizers
 in an appropriate ecological environment
 and must undergo a series of scientific and technological quality control
processes. Our Northeast Peculiar Rice is rich in protein
 fiber fats
 amino acids and calcium
 iron
 zinc
 selenium and other elements and vitamins. After years of development
 we believe we have become the largest wholesale distributor of organic
and specialty food in Heilongjiang Province
 China. We plan to increase our focus in our organic and specialty food products business
 including efforts to become a producer and increasing our distribution capabilities. 



Through development by our Research and Development team
 we introduced the functional beverages featuring the Cordyceps Militaris as a core ingredient in 2010.  The beverage products were developed with the health benefits of enhancing immunity
reducing fatigue
 enhancing circulations
 among other benefits derived from our Cordyceps Militaris.  The products were available in select areas in Jiangsu and Anhui Province and Harbin City in 2013.  We generated 17.2% and 18.8% of our revenues
from our functional health beverages for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.  In 2014
 we plan to continue our marketing efforts to target mass consumer markets by increasing our distribution channels. 



We plan to further diversify our Cordyceps Militaris based product mix to cater to different customer tastes and preferences. Currently
 we have the following two products under development. 



. Cordycepin is the major bioactive compound of Cordyceps Militaris. Cordycepin has been used as a raw material in various nutraceutical products

Mushrooms



. As an extension of our different functional beverage products
 we endeavor to expand our market presence by introducing additional competitive nutraceutical products to our product offerings. Our new



9 





 we have 149 experienced sales and marketing
personnel who are responsible for direct sales activities
 market research
promotion and advertisement. We strengthen our market presence by employing
various types of marketing strategies. We participate in trade shows such as
China Sugary and Wine Trade Fair
 Harbin International Fair for Trade and
Economic Cooperation and Beijing Agriculture Exposition and offer seminars and
lectures to local communities regarding the health benefits of our products.
These activities help promote our reputation and name recognition in the
industry. 

products to pharmaceutical companies. To support our rapid growth in sales
 we
plan to further expand our distribution network by selling our small-pack
products through direct sales channels
 specialty stores and franchise stores.



 wheat
glucose
 citric acid
 bitter salt
 peptone
 and pupa powder. The price for such
material fluctuates depending upon market conditions. However
 since we have
long-term suppliers and clients
 the influence of any short-term price
fluctuations is not currently expected to have a material effect on the Company.


suppliers. However
 we do not have long term supply contracts and we do not
exclusively rely on our key suppliers. We have adopted a dual supplier system
for raw materials. Therefore
 if our primary suppliers cannot supply us with our
raw material for any reason
 we are able to acquire raw material from another
supplier. All of our suppliers must meet our quality standards and delivery
requirements consistently in order to remain on our approved supplier list. If
deliveries are delayed repeatedly
 we terminate the partnership with such
supplier. 

stable supply of raw materials and promote healthy competition among our
suppliers. We believe our supplier arrangements encourage our suppliers to
provide high quality raw materials timely and efficiently. 

more of our raw materials in 2013: 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    







    


      Agricultural Materials Trading Co.



    

    





    

    









accounted for 10% or more of our revenue in fiscal year 2013: 



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    








    of
    Total Sales

    
    
    






products are small-sized local producers and generally have a much lower
production capacity. Compared to these competitors
 we believe we have a much
higher production capacity and more advanced growing and production technology.
Our major competitors in China include Liaoning Limin Cordyceps Co. Ltd.
 Hebei
Cangzhou Cordyceps Co. Ltd.
 Henan Huazhong Biotech Co. Ltd.
 Anshan Huayu
Biotech Co. Ltd.
 Dalian Lanshi Cordyceps Biotech Co. Ltd.
 Beijing Jingdu
Cordyceps Biotech Co. Ltd.
 Ningqiang Likangfuxi Biotech Co.Ltd.
 Shenyang Juxin
Cordyceps Co. Ltd. and Shangdong Rui Zhi Biotech Co.
 Ltd. 






products and new technologies. We currently have 21 employees dedicated to
research and development. Since 2003
 we have also maintained a close
cooperation relationship with China Institute of Science
 one of the most
prestigious academic institutions of scientific and technological research in
China
 to improve commercially grown Cordyceps Militaris. 

 on April 10
 2006
 we spent RMB 30 million
(approximately $4.4 million) in acquiring the technologies of Cordyceps
Militaris cultivation from Mr. Runjiao Wang. In 2013 and 2012
 our research and
development expenses were $173
881 and $168
746
 respectively. 




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 



Patent
      Name




    Application No.








    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

 2006
 Daqing Shuaiyi entered into an exclusive
licensing agreement with Mr. Runjiao Wang
 pursuant to which Mr. Wang agreed to
grant Daqing Shuaiyi an exclusive right to use the cultivation technology of
Cordyceps Militaries that Mr. Wang developed. According to this licensing
agreement
 Daqing Shuaiyi is allowed to use this technology exclusively in China
for ten years beginning on April 10
 2006. In consideration of the rights
granted to Daqing Shuaiyi under this licensing agreement
 Daqing Shuaiyi agreed
to pay Mr. Wang a licensing fee in an amount of RMB 30 million (approximately
$4.4 million). In addition
 Daqing Shuaiyi has the right of first refusal with
respect to the cultivation technology when the licensing agreement expires. 
&#148; with the Trademark
Office of the State Administration for Industry and Commerce of China. Under
Chinese laws
&#148; for the sales and marketing of our
products even if our trademark application is still pending. Once our
application is approved
 the trademark will have a term of ten years and may be
continually renewed thereafter. 

agreements to protect our proprietary information and knowhow. Our management
and each of our research and development personnel have entered into a standard
confidentiality agreement
 which includes a clause acknowledging that all
inventions
 designs
 trade secrets
 works of authorship
 developments and other
processes generated by them on our behalf are our property
 and assigning to us
any ownership rights that they may claim in those works. Despite our
precautions
 it may be possible for third parties to obtain and use
 without our
consent
 intellectual property that we own or are licensed to use. Unauthorized
use of our intellectual property by third parties
 and the expenses incurred in
protecting our intellectual property rights
 may adversely affect our business.
See Item 1A
 &#147;Risk factors&#151;Risks Related to Our Business&#151;Failure to adequately
protect our intellectual property rights may undermine our competitive position
and litigation to protect our intellectual property rights may be costly.&#148; 






 we are
regulated by the national and local laws of the PRC. Currently only the general
rules of commerce in China are applicable to us. 

The PRC government has controlled RMB reserves primarily through direct
regulation of the conversion of RMB into other foreign currencies. Although
foreign currencies
 which are required for &#147;current account&#148; transactions
 can
be bought freely at authorized PRC banks
 the proper procedural requirements
prescribed by PRC law must be met. At the same time
 PRC companies are also
required to sell their foreign exchange earnings to authorized PRC banks and the
purchase of foreign currencies for capital account transactions still requires
prio


 2013
 we employed a total of 330 full-time
employees. The following table sets forth the number of our employees by
function. 



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    

    







covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We have not experienced any work
stoppages. We believe we maintain good relations with our employees. 


 Cordyceps
Militaris
 historically have not been subject to seasonal variations. However
since a majority of our sales are in China
 the timing of the various Chinese
holidays such as Lunar Chinese New Year
 May and October holidays may have some
impact to our revenue cycle. 


 interruption or
litigation insurance coverage for our operations in China. Insurance companies
in China offer limited business insurance products. While business interruption
insurance is available to a limited extent in China
 we have determined that the
risks of interruption
 cost of such insurance and the difficulties associated
with acquiring such insurance on commercially reasonable terms make it
impractical for us to have such insurance. Therefore
 we are subject to business
and product liability exposure. See Item 1A
 &#147;Risk Factors &#150; We do not carry any
business interruption insurance
 third-party liability insurance for our
production facilities or insurance that covers the risk of loss of our products
in shipment.&#148; 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
ITEM 1A.&nbsp;&nbsp;

RISK FACTORS.


The shares of our common stock are highly speculative in
nature
 involve a high degree of risk and should be purchased only by persons
who can afford to lose the entire amount invested in the common stock. Before
purchasing any of the shares of common stock
 you should carefully consider the
following factors relating to our business and prospects. You should pay
particular attention to the fact that we conduct all of our operations in China
and are governed by a legal and regulatory environment that in some respects
differs significantly from the environment that may prevail in the U.S. and
other countries. If any of the following risks actually occurs
 our business
financial condition or operating results will suffer
 the trading price of our
common stock could decline
 and you may lose all or part of your investment.


Our current business is significantly based on a single
product
 Cordyceps Militaris
 which currently accounts for approximately 78
percent of our revenues
 and we may not be able to generate significant revenue
if this product fails. 






Approximately 78% of our sales for the year ended December 31
 2013 come from a single product
 Cordyceps Militaris
 and our business may suffer a material adverse impact if this product fails. If we experience difficulties or obstacles in the
manufacture and sale of Cordyceps Militaris
 we may not be able to generate significant revenues
 our business may fail and you would lose all or part of your investment in our company. 

We may not be able to grow and harvest sufficient Cordyceps Militaris to satisfy our production requirements and any decline in the amount or quality of Cordyceps Militaris could reduce our sales and negatively affect our results of
operations
 financial condition and business prospects.  

Our Cordyceps Militaris related business and financial results significantly depend on maintaining a consistent and cost-effective supply of wild strains of Cordyceps Militaris. The availability
 size and quality of Cordyceps Militaris for the
production of our products are subject to risks inherent to growing
 such as size
 quality
 and yield fluctuation caused by technical problems of growing
 pest and disease problems
 and other factors beyond our control. Because all Cordyceps
Militaris used to produce our Cordyceps products are grown by us
 we may not be able to locate in a timely manner any third party suppliers who could provide us with sufficient materials to meet our production needs when our self-supply faces
significant fluctuations in the availability of Cordyceps Militaris. Therefore
 any interruptions to or decline in the amount or quality of our Cordyceps Militaris supply could materially disrupt our production and adversely affect our business and
financial condition and financial prospects. 



Our overall profitability may not meet expectations if our products
 customers or geographic mix are substantially different than anticipated. Our profit margins vary among products
 customers and geographic markets. Consequently
 if our mix of any
of these is substantially different from what is anticipated in any particular period
 our profitability could be lower than anticipated. 

Our revenue is generated from a limited number of clients
 and the loss of one or more significant clients could adversely affect our revenue. 

Our client base is highly concentrated. For the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 our five largest clients by revenue represented approximately 44.4% and 44.8%
 respectively
 of our total revenue
 with one client
 Lai En Century Co. Ltd.
representing more than 24% of our total revenue in both 2013 and 2012.  We expect that a relatively small number of clients will continue to account for a significant portion of our revenue for the foreseeable future. The loss of one or more of our
clients
 including the loss of any of our larger clients
 whether through acquisitions
 consolidations
 bankruptcies or otherwise
 or the failure to retain a significant amount of business from our clients
 could harm our business
 results of
operations and financial condition. 



We are in the process of significantly expanding our business in order to meet the increasing demand for our products
 as well as capture new market opportunities. As we continue to grow
 we must continue to improve our operational and financial
systems
 procedures and controls
 increase manufacturing capacity and output
 and expand
 train and manage our growing employee base. In order to fund our on-going operations and our future growth
 we need to have sufficient internal sources of
liquidity or access to additional financing from external sources. Furthermore
 our management will be required to maintain and strengthen our relationships with our customers
 suppliers and other third parties. As a result
 our continued expansion
has placed
 and will continue to place
 significant strains on our management personnel
 systems and resources. We also will need to further strengthen our internal control and compliance functions to ensure that we will be able to comply with our
legal and contractual obligations and minimize our operational and compliance risks. Our current and planned operations
 personnel
 systems
 internal procedures and controls may not be adequate to support our future growth. If we are unable to
manage our growth effectively
 we may not be able to take advantage of market opportunities
 execute our business strategies or respond to competitive pressures. 

We rely on contractual arrangements with our VIE Entities for our operations
 which may not be as effective in providing control over these entities as direct ownership.

Our operations are dependent on our VIE Entities in which we have no equity ownership interest and must rely on the Contractual Arrangements to control and operate the businesses of the VIE Entities.  The Contractual Arrangements may not be as
effective in providing control over these entities as direct ownership.  For example
 if the VIE Entities are unwilling or unable to perform their obligations under the VIE Agreements
 including payment of service fees under the Service Agreement as
they become due
 we will not be able to conduct our operations in the manner currently planned.  In
addition
 the VIE Entities may seek to renew their agreements on terms that are disadvantageous to us.  Although we have entered into the VIE Agreements that provide us with substantial ability to control the VIE Entities
 we may not succeed in
enforcing our rights under them by relying on legal remedies under Chinese law
 which may not be adequate.  In addition
 if we are unable to renew these agreements on favorable terms when these agreements expire
 or to enter into similar agreements
with other parties
 our business may not be able to operate or expand
 and our operating expenses may significantly increase. 

13 




The principal shareholder of Heilongjiang Shuaiyi has potential conflicts of interest with us
 which may adversely affect our business.  

Ms. Lianyun Han
 our chairman and chief executive officer
 is also the principal shareholder of Heilongjiang Shuaiyi.  Conflicts of interests between her duties to our company and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi may arise.  As Ms. Han is a director and
executive officer of our company
 she has a duty of loyalty and care to us when there are any potential conflicts of interests between our company and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi.  Additionally
 Ms. Han has entered into the Voting Rights Agreement with us
and executed an irrevocable power of attorney to appoint the person designated by us to be her attorney-in-fact to vote on her behalf on all Heilongjiang Shuaiyi matters requiring shareholder approval.  We cannot assure
 however
 that when conflicts
of interest arise
 Ms. Han will act completely in our interests or that conflicts of interests will be resolved in our favor.  In addition
 Ms. Han could violate her employment agreement with us or her legal duties by diverting business
opportunities from us to others.  In addition
 Ms. Han may be able to cause the VIE Agreements to be performed
 amended or terminated in a manner adverse to us by
 among other things
 failing to remit payments to us on a timely basis or operating
Heilongjiang Shuaiyi so as to cause harm to our business. If we cannot resolve any conflicts of interest between us and Ms. Han
 we would have to rely on legal proceedings
 which could result in the disruption of our business.  



We could face material and adverse tax consequences if the PRC tax authorities determine that our agreements with the VIE Entities and its shareholders were not entered into based on arm&rsquo;s length negotiations.  As a result
 they may adjust our
income and expenses for PRC tax purposes in the form of a transfer pricing adjustment. Such an adjustment may require that we pay additional PRC taxes plus applicable penalties and interest
 if any.  

The exercise of our option to purchase part or all of the equity interests in the VIE Entities under the Option Agreement might be subject to approval by the PRC government and foreign ownership restrictions on the VIE Entities&rsquo; current
businesses under PRC laws. Our failure to purchase the equity of the VIE Entities may impair our ability to substantially control the VIE Entities and could result in actions by VIE Entities that conflict with our interests.

Our Option Agreement with the VIE Entities gives our Chinese subsidiary
 Harbin Baixin
 the option to purchase all or part of the equity interests in the VIE Entities.  However
 the option may not be exercised by Harbin Baixin if the exercise would
violate any applicable laws and regulations in China or cause any license or permit held by
 and necessary for the operation of the VIE Entities
 to be cancelled or invalidated.  Under the laws of China
 if a foreign entity
 through a foreign
investment company that it invests in
 acquires a domestic related company
 China&rsquo;s regulations regarding mergers and acquisitions would technically apply to the transaction.  Application of these regulations requires an examination and
approval of the transaction by China&rsquo;s Ministry of Commerce
 or MOFCOM
 or its local counterparts.  Also
 an appraisal of the equity or assets to be acquired is mandatory.  However
 our local PRC counsel has advised us that local counterparts
of MOFCOM hold the view that such a transaction would not require their approval. 

Therefore
 we do not believe at this time that an approval and an appraisal are required for Harbin Baixin to exercise its option to acquire the VIE Entities.  In light of the different views on this issue
 however
 it is possible that the central
MOFCOM office in Beijing will issue a standardized opinion imposing the approval and appraisal requirement.  If we are not able to purchase the equity of the VIE Entities
 then we will lose a substantial portion of our ability to control the VIE
Entities and our ability to ensure that the VIE Entities will act in our interests.  

PRC laws and regulations governing our businesses and the validity of certain of our Contractual Arrangements are uncertain. If we are found to be in violation of such PRC laws and regulations
 our business may be negatively affected.


14 




There are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of PRC laws and regulations
 including
 but not limited to
 the laws and regulations governing our business
 or the enforcement and performance of the Contractual
Arrangements with the VIE Entities. 

Nutrastar
 New Resources
 Oriental Global Holdings Limited and Harbin Baixin are considered foreign investors or foreign invested enterprises under PRC law. As a result
 Nutrastar
 New Resources
 Oriental Global Holdings Limited and Harbin Baixin
are subject to limitations under PRC law on foreign ownership of Chinese companies. These laws and regulations are relatively new and may be subject to change
 and their official interpretation and enforcement may involve substantial uncertainty.
The effectiveness of newly enacted laws
 regulations or amendments may be delayed
 resulting in detrimental reliance by foreign investors. New laws and regulations that affect existing and proposed future businesses may also be applied
retroactively.  

The PRC government has broad discretion in dealing with violations of laws and regulations
 including levying fines
 revoking business and other licenses and requiring actions necessary for compliance.  In particular
 licenses and permits issued or
granted to us by relevant governmental bodies may be revoked at a later time by higher regulatory bodies. We cannot predict the effect of the interpretation of existing or new PRC laws or regulations on our businesses.  We cannot assure you that our
current ownership and operating structure would not be found in violation of any current or future PRC laws or regulations.  As a result
 we may be subject to sanctions
 including fines
 and could be required to restructure our operations or cease
to provide certain services. In addition
 any litigation in China may be protracted and result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention. Any of these or similar actions could significantly disrupt our business
operations or restrict us from conducting a substantial portion of our business operations
 which could materially and adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

Our sales and reputation may be affected by product liability claims
 litigation
 product recalls
 or adverse publicity in relation to our products.  

The sale of products for human consumption involves an inherent risk of injury to consumers. We face risks associated with product liability claims
 litigation
 or product recalls
 if our products cause injury
 or become adulterated or misbranded.
Our products are subject to product tampering
 and to contamination risks
 such as mold
 bacteria
 insects
 and other pests
 and off-flavor contamination during the various stages of the procurement
 production
 transportation and storage processes.
If any of our products were to be tampered with
 or become tainted in any of these respects and we were unable to detect this
 our products could be subject to product liability claims or product recalls. We cannot predict what impact such product
liability claims or resulting negative publicity would have on our business or on our brand image. The successful assertion of product liability claims against us could result in potentially significant monetary damages
 diversion of management
resources and require us to make significant payments and incur substantial legal expenses. We do not have product liability insurance and have not made provisions for potential product liability claims. Therefore
 we may not have adequate resources
to satisfy a judgment if a successful claim is brought against us. Even if a product liability claim is not successfully pursued to judgment by a claimant
 we may still incur substantial legal expenses defending against such a claim. Finally
serious product quality concerns could result in governmental action against us
 which
 among other things
 could result in the suspension of production or distribution of our products
 loss of certain licenses
 or other governmental penalties. A
widespread product recall could result in significant loss due to the cost of conducting a product recall including destruction of inventory and the loss of sales resulting from the unavailability of the product for a period of time. In addition
product liability claims and product recalls could have a material adverse effect on the demand for our products and on our business goodwill and reputation. Adverse publicity could result in a loss of consumer confidence in our products.  

We compete in an industry that is brand-conscious
 and unless we are able to establish and maintain brand name recognition our sales may be negatively impacted. 

Our business is substantially dependent upon awareness and market acceptance of our products and brand by our targeted consumers. In addition
 our business depends on acceptance by our suppliers and consumers of our brand. Although we believe that
&rdquo; in the Cordycpes Militaris products industry
 it is too early in the product life cycle of the brand to determine whether our products and
brand will achieve and maintain satisfactory levels of acceptance by our customers. 

15 




We compete in an industry characterized by rapid changes in consumer preferences
 so our inability to continue developing new products to satisfy our consumers' changing preferences would have a material adverse effect on our sales volumes.


Our success depends on our ability to anticipate
 gauge and react in a timely and effective manner to changes in consumer spending patterns and product preferences. We must continually work to develop
 produce and market new products
 maintain and
enhance the recognition of our brands
 achieve a favorable mix of products
 and refine our approach as to how and where we market and sell our products. Through development by our Research and Development team
 we introduced the functional beverages
featuring the Cordycpes Militaris as a core ingredient in 2010.  The beverage products were available in select areas in Jiangsu Providence and Anhui Province and Harbin City in 2013.  We generated 17.2% of our revenues from our functional health
beverages in 2013.  Starting from 2012 till now
 we have been targeting mass consumer markets by introducing additional varieties of specialty beverage products with the health benefits of enhancing immunity
 reducing fatigue
 enhancing circulation
among other benefits derived from our Cordyceps Militaris.  While we have devoted and will continue to devote considerable effort and resources to shape
 analyze and respond to consumer preferences by developing new products
 consumer spending
patterns and preferences cannot be predicted with certainty and can change rapidly. Our failure to adapt our product offering to respond to such changes may result in reduced demand and lower prices for our products
 resulting in a material adverse
effect on our sales volumes
 sales and profits.  

Our current market distribution and penetration is limited as compared with the potential market and so our initial views as to customer acceptance of a particular product can be erroneous
 and there can be no assurance that true market acceptance
will ultimately be achieved. In addition
 customer preferences are also affected by factors other than taste. If we do not adjust to and respond to these and other changes in customer preferences
 our sales may be adversely affected. 

Expansion of our business may put added pressure on our management and operational infrastructure impeding our ability to meet any potential increased demand for the products that we sell and possibly hurting our future operating results.


Our business plan is to significantly grow our operations to meet anticipated growth in demand for the products that we sell
 and by the introduction of new product offerings. Growth in our business may place a significant strain on our personnel
management
 financial systems and other resources. The evolution of our business also presents numerous risks and challenges
 including: 




the costs associated with such growth
 which are difficult to quantify





To accommodate any such growth and compete effectively
 we may need to obtain additional funding to improve information systems
 procedures and controls and expand
 train
 motivate and manage our employees
 and such funding may not be available in
sufficient quantities
 if at all. If we are not able to manage these activities and implement these strategies successfully to expand to meet any increased demand
 our operating results could suffer. 

Due to our continuous growth in recent years
 our past results may not be indicative of our future performance and evaluating our business and prospects may be difficult.  

Our business has grown and evolved rapidly in recent years as demonstrated by our growth in net income for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013 to &#36;22.2 million
 from &#36;3.7 million for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2008. We may not be
able to achieve similar growth in future periods
 and our historical operating results may not provide a meaningful basis for evaluating our business
 financial performance and prospects. Moreover
 our ability to achieve satisfactory production
results at higher volumes is unproven. Therefore
 you should not rely on our past results or our historical rate of growth as an indication of our future performance. 

We depend heavily on key personnel
 and turnover of key employees and senior management could harm our business. 

Our future business and results of operations depend in significant part upon the continued contributions of our key technical and senior management personnel
 including Lianyun Han
 our chief executive officer and chairperson
 and Robert Tick
 our
chief financial officer. The expertise of management and technical innovation of the Company give it a strong competitive advantage. We do not maintain key person insurance on these individuals. The loss of any of these key
employees&rsquo; services or any of our other management poses a risk to our business. We may not be able to attract or retain qualified management on acceptable terms in the future due to the intense competition for qualified personnel in our
industry and as a result
 our business could be adversely affected. 

16 




Our inability to protect our trademarks
 patent and trade secrets may prevent us from successfully marketing our products and competing effectively.  

Failure to protect our intellectual property could harm our brands and our reputation
 and adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. Further
 enforcing or defending our intellectual property rights
 including our trademarks
 patents
copyrights
 knowhow and trade secrets
 could result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources. We produce
&rdquo;. We regard our intellectual property
particularly our trademark
 knowhow and trade secrets to be of considerable value and importance to our business and our success. We rely on a combination of patent
 trademark
 trade secrecy laws
 and contractual provisions to protect our
intellectual property rights. There can be no assurance that the steps taken by us to protect these proprietary rights will be adequate or that third parties will not infringe or misappropriate our patent
 trademark
 trade secrets or similar
proprietary rights. In addition
 there can be no assurance that other parties will not assert infringement claims against us
 and we may have to pursue litigation against other parties to assert our rights. Any such claim or litigation could be
costly and we may lack the resources required to defend against such claims. In addition
 any event that would jeopardize our proprietary rights or any claims of infringement by third parties could have a material adverse affect on our ability to
market or sell our brands
 and profitably exploit our products. 



As directed by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 the SEC adopted rules requiring public companies to include a report of management on the company&rsquo;s internal controls over financial reporting in their annual reports
 including
Form 10-K. Under current law
 we are subject to this requirement beginning with our annual report for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2007. A report of our management is included under Item 9A of this report
 in which our management concluded
that our internal controls over our financial reporting were effective for the year ended December 31
 2013.  However
 in the future
 our management may conclude that our internal controls over our financial reporting are not effective due to the
identification of one or more material weaknesses.  In the event we identify significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal controls that we cannot remediate in a timely manner
 investors and others may lose confidence in the
reliability of our financial statements. 

We do not carry any business interruption insurance
 third-party liability insurance for our production facilities or insurance that covers the risk of loss of our products in shipment.  

Operation of our facilities involves many risks
 including equipment failures
 natural disasters
 industrial accidents
 power outages
 labor disturbances and other business interruptions. Furthermore
 if any of our products are faulty
 then we may
become subject to product liability claims or we may have to engage in a product recall. We do not carry any business interruption insurance
 product recall or third-party liability insurance for our production facilities or with respect to our
products to cover claims pertaining to personal injury or property or environmental damage arising from defects in our products
 product recalls
 accidents on our property or damage relating to our operations. As a result
 we may be required to pay
for financial and other losses
 damages and liabilities
 including those caused by natural disasters and other events beyond our control
 out of our own funds
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and
results of operations.  

General economic conditions
 including a prolonged weakness in the economy
 may affect consumer discretionary spending
 which could adversely affect our business and financial performance. 

Our business and financial performance are dependent on a number of factors impacting consumer discretionary spending
 including general economic and business conditions; consumer confidence; wages and employment levels; the housing market; consumer
debt levels; availability of consumer credit; credit and interest rates; fuel and energy costs; energy shortages; taxes; general political conditions
 both domestic and abroad.  Consumer product purchases
 including purchases of our products
 may
decline during recessionary periods.  A prolonged economic recovery or an uncertain outlook in the economy could result in additional declines in consumer discretionary spending
 which could materially affect our financial performance.

17 




We may be exposed to liabilities under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
 and any determination that we violated the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practice Act
 or the FCPA
 and other laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials and political parties by U.S. persons and issuers as defined by the
statute for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We have operations
 agreements with third parties and make sales in China
 which may experience corruption. Our activities in China create the risk of unauthorized payments or offers of
payments by one of the employees
 consultants
 sales agents or distributors of our company
 because these parties are not always subject to our control. It is our policy to implement safeguards to discourage these practices by our employees.
However
 our existing safeguards and any future improvements may prove to be less than effective
 and the employees
 consultants
 sales agents or distributors of our Company may engage in conduct for which we might be held responsible. Violations of
the FCPA may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions
 and we may be subject to other liabilities
 which could negatively affect our business
 operating results and financial condition. In addition
 the government may seek to hold our Company
liable for successor liability FCPA violations committed by companies in which we invest or that we acquire. 

If we become directly subject to the recent scrutiny
 criticism and negative publicity involving U.S.-listed Chinese companies
 we may have to expend significant resources to investigate and resolve the matter which could harm our business
operations
 stock price and reputation and could result in a loss of your investment in our stock
 especially if such matter cannot be addressed and resolved favorably.  

Recently
 U.S. public companies that have substantially all of their operations in China
 particularly companies like us which have completed so-called reverse merger transactions
 have been the subject of intense scrutiny
 criticism and negative
publicity by investors
 financial commentators and regulatory agencies
 such as the SEC. Much of the scrutiny
 criticism and negative publicity has centered around financial and accounting irregularities and mistakes
 a lack of effective internal
controls over financial accounting
 inadequate corporate governance policies or a lack of adherence thereto and
 in many cases
 allegations of fraud. As a result of the scrutiny
 criticism and negative publicity
 the publicly traded stock of many
U.S. listed Chinese companies has sharply decreased in value and
 in some cases
 has become virtually worthless. Many of these companies are now subject to shareholder lawsuits and SEC enforcement actions
 and are conducting internal and external
investigations into the allegations. It is not clear what effect this sector-wide scrutiny
 criticism and negative publicity will have on our Company
 our business and our stock price. If we become the subject of any unfavorable allegations
 whether
such allegations are proven to be true or untrue
 we will have to expend significant resources to investigate such allegations and/or defend our company. This situation will be costly and time consuming and distract our management from growing our
company. If such allegations are not proven to be groundless
 our company and business operations will be severely and adversely affected and your investment in our stock could be rendered worthless.

The disclosures in our reports and other filings with the SEC and our other public pronouncements are not subject to the scrutiny of any regulatory bodies in the PRC. Accordingly
 our public disclosure should be reviewed in light of the fact
that no governmental agency that is located in China where substantially all of our operations and business are located have conducted any due diligence on our operations or reviewed or cleared any of our disclosures. 

We are regulated by the SEC and our reports and other filings with the SEC are subject to SEC review in accordance with the rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. Unlike public reporting companies
whose operations are located primarily in the United States
 however
 substantially all of our operations are located in China. Since substantially all of our operations and business take place in China
 it may be more difficult for the Staff of the
SEC to overcome the geographic and cultural obstacles that are present when reviewing our disclosures. These same obstacles are not present for similar companies whose operations or business take place entirely or primarily in the United States.
Furthermore
 our SEC reports and other disclosures and public pronouncements are not subject to the review or scrutiny of any PRC regulatory authority. For example
 the disclosures in our SEC reports and other filings are not subject to the review
of China Securities Regulatory Commission
 a PRC regulator that is tasked with oversight of the capital markets in China. Accordingly
 you should review our SEC reports
 filings and our other public pronouncements with the understanding that no
local regulator has done any due diligence on our company and with the understanding that none of our SEC reports
 other filings or any of our other public pronouncements has been reviewed or otherwise been scrutinized by any local regulator. 

Our auditor
 based in Hong Kong
 China
 like other independent registered public accounting firms operating in China and to the extent their audit clients have operations in China
 is not permitted to be subject to full inspection by the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and
 as such
 you may be deprived of the benefits of such inspection. 

18 




Our independent registered public accounting firm that issues the audit reports included in our annual reports filed with the SEC
 as auditors of companies that are traded publicly in the United States and a firm registered with the US Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 or PCAOB
 is required by the laws of the United States to undergo regular inspections by the PCAOB to assess its compliance with the laws of the United States and professional standards. 

Our operations are solely located in the Peoples&rsquo; Republic of China
 a jurisdiction where the PCAOB is currently unable to conduct inspections without the approval of the PRC authorities. Our auditors are located in Hong Kong
 a special
administrator region of China
 a jurisdiction where the PCAOB is currently unable to conduct full inspections without the approval of the Chinese authorities. In May 2013
 the PCAOB announced that it had entered into a Memorandum of Understanding on
Enforcement Cooperation with the CSRC and the PRC Ministry of Finance
 which establishes a cooperative framework between the parties for the production and exchange of audit documents relevant to investigations undertaken by PCAOB
 the CSRC or the
PRC Ministry of Finance in the United States and the PRC
 respectively. The PCAOB continues to be in discussions with the CSRC and the PRC Ministry of Finance to permit joint inspections in the PRC of audit firms that are registered with the PCAOB
and audit Chinese companies that trade on U.S. exchanges. 

Inspections of other firms that the PCAOB has conducted outside China have identified deficiencies in those firms&rsquo; audit procedures and quality control procedures
 which may be addressed as part of the inspection process to improve future
audit quality. The inability of the PCAOB to conduct full inspections of auditors operating in China makes it more difficult to evaluate our auditor&rsquo;s audit procedures or quality control procedures. As a result
 investors may be deprived of
the benefits of PCAOB inspections. 



In late 2012
 the SEC commenced administrative proceedings under Rule 102(e) of its Rules of Practice and also under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 against five PRC-based accounting firms. The Rule 102(e) proceedings initiated by the SEC relate to
these firms&rsquo; failure to produce documents
 including audit work papers
 in response to the request of the SEC pursuant to Section 106 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 as the auditors located in the PRC are not in a position to lawfully
produce documents directly to the SEC because of restrictions under PRC law and specific directives issued by the China Securities Regulatory Commission. The issues raised by the proceedings are not specific to our auditors or to us
 but affect
equally all audit firms based in China and all China-based businesses with securities listed in the United States. 

In January 2014
 the administrative judge reached an Initial Decision that the big four  accounting firms should be barred from practicing before the SEC for six months. However
 it is currently impossible to determine the ultimate outcome of this
matter as the accounting firms have indicated their intention to file a petition for review of the Initial Decision and pending that review the effect of the Initial Decision is suspended. It will
 therefore
 be for the SEC to make a legally binding
order specifying the sanctions if any to be placed on these audit firms. Once such an order was made
 the accounting firms would have a further right to appeal to the US federal courts
 and the effect of the order might be further suspended pending
the outcome of that appeal. 

Depending upon the final outcome
 public companies in the United States with major PRC operations may find it difficult or impossible to retain auditors in respect of their operations in the PRC
 which may result in SEC&rsquo;s revocation of the
registration of their shares under the Exchange Act
.  Moreover
 although our independent registered public accounting firm was not named as a defendant in the above SEC administrative proceedings
 any negative news about the proceedings against
these audit firms may erode investor confidence in China-based
 US public companies
 including us
 and the market price of our shares may be adversely affected. 

There are limitations on the liability of our directors
 and we may have to indemnify our officers and directors in certain instances. 

Our bylaws provide that we will indemnify our officers and directors and may indemnify our employees and other agents. We may also have contractual indemnification obligations under our agreements with our executive officers and directors. The
foregoing indemnification obligations could result in us incurring substantial expenditures to cover the cost of settlement or damage awards against directors and officers
 which we may be unable to recoup. These provisions and resultant costs may
also discourage us from bringing a lawsuit against directors and officers for breaches of their fiduciary duties and may similarly discourage the filing of derivative litigation by our stockholders against our directors and officers even though such
actions
 if successful
 might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. 

19 






Adverse changes in political and economic policies of the PRC government could impede the overall economic growth of China
 which could reduce the demand for our products and damage our business. 

We conduct substantially all of our operations and generate all of our revenue in China. Accordingly
 our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and prospects are affected significantly by economic
 political and legal developments in
China. The PRC economy differs from the economies of most developed countries in many respects
 including: 













As the PRC economy has been transitioning from a planned economy to a more market-oriented economy
 the PRC government has implemented various measures to encourage economic growth and guide the allocation of resources. While these measures may
benefit the overall PRC economy
 they may also have a negative effect on us.  

Although the PRC government has in recent years implemented measures emphasizing the utilization of market forces for economic reform
 the PRC government continues to exercise significant control over economic growth in China through the allocation
of resources
 controlling the payment of foreign currency-denominated obligations
 setting monetary policy and imposing policies that impact particular industries or companies in different ways.  

Any adverse change in economic conditions or government policies in China could have a material adverse effect on the overall economic growth in China
 which in turn could lead to a reduction in demand for our services and consequently have a
material adverse effect on our business and prospects.  



We conduct substantially all of our business through our subsidiaries and VIE Entities in the PRC
 which are generally subject to laws and regulations applicable to foreign investments in China and
 in particular
 laws applicable to foreign-invested
enterprises. The PRC legal system is based on written statutes
 and prior court decisions may be cited for reference but have limited precedential value. Since 1979
 a series of new PRC laws and regulations have significantly enhanced the
protections afforded to various forms of foreign investments in China. However
 since the PRC legal system continues to rapidly evolve
 the interpretations of many laws
 regulations and rules are not always uniform and enforcement of these laws
regulations and rules involve uncertainties
 which may limit legal protections available to you and us. In addition
 any litigation in China may be protracted and result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention. In
addition
 most of our executive officers and directors are residents of China and not of the United States
 and most of the assets of these persons are located outside the United States. As a result
 it could be difficult for investors to affect
service of process in the United States or to enforce a judgment obtained in the United States against our Chinese operations and PRC entities. 

If we are found to have failed to comply with applicable laws
 we may incur additional expenditures or be subject to significant fines and penalties.  

Our operations are subject to PRC laws and regulations applicable to us. However
 many PRC laws and regulations are uncertain in their scope
 and the implementation of such laws and regulations in different localities could have significant
differences. In certain instances
 local implementation rules and/or the actual implementation are not necessarily consistent with the regulations at the national level. Although we strive to comply with all the applicable PRC laws and regulations
we cannot assure you that the relevant PRC government authorities will not later determine that we have not been in compliance with certain laws or regulations. Our failure to comply with applicable PRC laws and regulations could subject us to
administrative penalties and injunctive relief
 as well as civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions and recalls of our products. It is possible that changes to such laws or more rigorous enforcement of such laws or with respect to our current or
past practices could have a material adverse effect on our business
 operating results and financial condition.  



20 




The PRC government has exercised and continues to exercise substantial control over virtually every sector of the Chinese economy through regulation and state ownership. Our ability to operate in China may be harmed by changes in its laws and
regulations
 including those relating to taxation
 import and export tariffs
 environmental regulations
 land use rights
 property and other matters. We believe that our operations in China are in material compliance with all applicable legal and
regulatory requirements. However
 the central or local governments of the jurisdictions in which we operate may impose new
 stricter regulations or interpretations of existing regulations that would require additional expenditures and efforts on our
part to ensure our compliance with such regulations or interpretations. 

Accordingly
 government actions in the future
 including any decision not to continue to support recent economic reforms and to return to a more centrally planned economy or regional or local variations in the implementation of economic policies
could have a significant effect on economic conditions in China or particular regions thereof and could require us to divest ourselves of any interest we then hold in Chinese properties or joint ventures. 



All our sales revenue and expenses are denominated in RMB. Under PRC law
 the RMB is currently convertible under the &ldquo;current account
&rdquo; which includes dividends and trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions
 but not under
the &ldquo;capital account
&rdquo; which includes foreign direct investment and loans. Currently
 our PRC subsidiaries and VIE Entities may purchase foreign currencies for settlement of current account transactions
 including payments of dividends
to us
 without the approval of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange
 or SAFE
 by complying with certain procedural requirements. However
 the relevant PRC government authorities may limit or eliminate our ability to purchase foreign
currencies in the future. Since a significant amount of our future revenue will be denominated in RMB
 any existing and future restrictions on currency exchange may limit our ability to utilize revenue generated in RMB to fund our business
activities outside China that are denominated in foreign currencies. 

Foreign exchange transactions by our PRC subsidiaries and VIE Entities under the capital account continue to be subject to significant foreign exchange controls and require the approval of or need to register with PRC government authorities
including SAFE. In particular
 if our PRC entities borrow foreign currency through loans from us or other foreign lenders
 these loans must be registered with SAFE
 and if we finance our PRC entities by means of additional capital contributions
these capital contributions must be approved by certain government authorities
 including the MOFCOM
 or their respective local counterparts. These limitations could affect their ability to obtain foreign exchange through debt or equity financing.




The value of our common stock will be indirectly affected by the foreign exchange rate between U.S. dollars and RMB and between those currencies and other currencies in which our sales may be denominated. Appreciation or depreciation in the value of
the RMB relative to the U.S. dollar would affect our financial results reported in U.S. dollar terms without giving effect to any underlying change in our business or results of operations. Fluctuations in the exchange rate will also affect the
relative value of any dividend we issue in the future as well as earnings from
 and the value of
 any U.S. dollar-denominated investments we make in the future.  

Since July 2005
 the RMB has no longer been pegged to the U.S. dollar. Although the People's Bank of China regularly intervenes in the foreign exchange market to prevent significant short-term fluctuations in the exchange rate
 the RMB may
appreciate or depreciate significantly in value against the U.S. dollar in the medium to long term. Moreover
 it is possible that in the future PRC authorities may lift restrictions on fluctuations in the RMB exchange rate and lessen intervention in
the foreign exchange market. 

Very limited hedging transactions are available in China to reduce our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. To date
 we have not entered into any hedging transactions. While we may enter into hedging transactions in the future
 the availability
and effectiveness of these transactions may be limited
 and we may not be able to successfully hedge our exposure at all. In addition
 our foreign currency exchange losses may be magnified by PRC exchange control regulations that restrict our
ability to convert RMB into foreign currencies. 

We rely principally on dividends paid by our operating subsidiary to fund cash and financing requirements
 and limitations on the ability of our operating subsidiary to make payments to us could have a material adverse effect on our ability to
conduct our business and fund our operations.

21 




We are a holding company and conduct substantially all of our business through our operating subsidiary and affiliated VIE Entities
 which are limited liability companies established in China.  We rely principally on dividends paid by our subsidiary
for our cash needs
 including the funds necessary to pay dividends and other cash distributions to our shareholders
 to service any debt we may incur and to pay our operating expenses.  The payment of dividends by entities organized in China is
subject to limitations.  In particular
 regulations in China currently permit payment of dividends only out of accumulated profits as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Our PRC subsidiary
 Harbin Baixin
 is also
required to set aside at least 10% of its after-tax profit based on PRC accounting standards each year to its general reserves until the accumulative amount of such reserves reaches 50% of its registered capital.  These reserves are not
distributable as cash dividends.  In addition
 it is required to allocate a portion of its after-tax profit to its staff welfare and bonus fund at the discretion of its board of directors.  Moreover
 if Harbin Baixin incurs debt on its own behalf in
the future
 the instruments governing the debt may restrict its ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to us.  Any limitation on the ability of Harbin Baixin to distribute dividends and other distributions to us could materially and
adversely limit our ability to make investments or acquisitions that could be beneficial to our businesses
 pay dividends or otherwise fund and conduct our business. 

Under the New EIT Law
 we may be classified as a &ldquo;resident enterprise&rdquo; of China. Such classification will likely result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC stockholders.  

China passed a new Enterprise Income Tax Law
 or the New EIT Law
 and its implementation regulations
 both of which became effective on January 1
 2008.  Under the New EIT Law
 an enterprise established outside the PRC with &ldquo;de facto
management bodies&rdquo; within the PRC should be considered a PRC &ldquo;resident enterprise&rdquo; and is generally subject to a uniform 25% enterprise income tax rate on its worldwide income. Under the implementing rules to the New EIT Law
 a
&ldquo;de facto management body&rdquo; is defined as a body that has material and overall management and control over the manufacturing and business operations
 personnel and human resources
 finances and properties of an enterprise. In addition
 a
circular issued by the SAT on April 22
 2009
 or Circular 82 sets out the standards and procedures for recognizing the location of the &ldquo;de facto management bodies&rdquo; of an enterprise registered outside of the PRC and controlled by any PRC
enterprise or enterprise group. Circular 82 specifies that certain PRC-controlled offshore enterprises will be classified as PRC resident enterprises if the following are located or resident in the PRC: senior management personnel and departments
that are responsible for daily production
 operation and management; financial and personnel decision making bodies; key properties
 accounting books
 the company seal
 and minutes of board meetings and shareholders&rsquo; meetings; and half or more
of the senior management or directors having voting rights. On July 27
 2011
 the SAT issued Administrative Measures of Enterprise Income Tax of Chinese-controlled Offshore Incorporated Resident Enterprises (Trial)
 or Bulletin 45
 which became
effective on September 1
 2011
 to provide further guidance on the implementation of Circular 82. Bulletin 45 clarifies certain issues related to determining PRC resident enterprise status of PRC controlled enterprises
 post-determination
administration and which competent tax authorities are responsible for determining offshore incorporated PRC resident enterprise status. Bulletin 45 specifies that when provided with a copy of a Chinese tax resident determination certificate issued
by the competent tax authorities from an offshore incorporated PRC resident enterprise
 the payer should not withhold 10% income tax when paying Chinese-sourced dividends
 interest and royalties to the offshore incorporated PRC resident enterprise.


Currently
 a substantial majority of the members of our management team are located in China. However
 Circular 82 applies only to offshore enterprises controlled by PRC enterprises or PRC corporate groups
 not those controlled by PRC or foreign
individuals or foreign enterprises like us.  In the absence of detailed implementing regulations or other guidance determining that offshore companies controlled by PRC or foreign individuals or foreign enterprises like us are PRC resident
enterprises
 we do not currently consider our company or any of our overseas subsidiaries to be a PRC resident enterprise. 

However
 the SAT may take the view that the determining criteria set forth in Circular 82 reflects a general position on how the &ldquo;de facto management body&rdquo; test should be applied in determining the tax resident status of all offshore
enterprises. Additional implementing regulations or guidance may also be issued determining that our Nevada holding company or other non-PRC entity is a &ldquo;resident enterprise&rdquo; for PRC enterprise income tax purposes. If the PRC tax
authorities determine that our company or any of our non-PRC subsidiaries is a PRC resident enterprise for PRC enterprise income tax purposes
 a number of unfavorable PRC tax consequences could follow. First
 our company or our subsidiaries outside
of China will be subject to the uniform enterprise income tax rate of 25% as to our global income as well as tax reporting obligations. Second
 although dividends paid by one PRC tax resident to another PRC tax resident should qualify as
&ldquo;tax-exempt income&rdquo; under the New EIT Law
 there is no assurance that we would enjoy such tax exempt treatment on dividends paid to us from our VIEs. As a result
 such dividend may continue to be subject to a 10% withholding tax.
Finally
a 10% withholding tax will be imposed on dividends we pay to our non-PRC enterprise shareholders and gains derived by our non-PRC shareholders from transferring our shares.  In addition to the uncertainty in how the new &ldquo;resident
enterprise&rdquo; classification could apply
 it is also possible that the rules may change in the future
 possibly with retroactive effect. 

22 




We face uncertainty from China&rsquo;s Circular on Strengthening the Administration of Enterprise Income Tax on Non-Resident Enterprises' Share Transfer
 or Circular 698
 that was released in December 2009 with retroactive effect from January
1
 2008.  

The Chinese State Administration of Taxation (SAT) released a circular (Guoshuihan No. 698 &ndash; Circular 698) on December 15
 2009 that addresses the transfer of shares by nonresident companies. Circular 698
 which is effective retroactively to
January 1
 2008
 may have a significant impact on many companies that use offshore holding companies to invest in China. Circular 698
 which provides parties with a short period of time to comply with its requirements
 indirectly taxes foreign
companies on gains derived from the indirect sale of a Chinese company. Where a foreign investor indirectly transfers equity interests in a Chinese resident enterprise by selling the shares in an offshore holding company
 and the latter is located
in a country or jurisdiction where the effective tax burden is less than 12.5% or where the offshore income of his
 her
 or its residents is not taxable
 the foreign investor is required to provide the tax authority in charge of that Chinese
resident enterprise with the relevant information within 30 days of the transfers. Moreover
 where a foreign investor indirectly transfers equity interests in a Chinese resident enterprise through an abuse of form of organization and there are no
reasonable commercial purposes such that the corporate income tax liability is avoided
 the PRC tax authority will have the power to re-assess the nature of the equity transfer in accordance with PRC&rsquo;s &ldquo;substance-over-form&rdquo;
principle and deny the existence of the offshore holding company that is used for tax planning purposes. There is uncertainty as to the application of Circular 698. For example
 while the term indirectly transfer is not defined
 it is understood
that the relevant PRC tax authorities have jurisdiction regarding requests for information over a wide range of foreign entities having no direct contact with China. Moreover
 the relevant authority has not yet promulgated any formal provisions or
formally declared or stated how to calculate the effective tax in the country or jurisdiction and to what extent and the process of the disclosure to the tax authority in charge of that Chinese resident enterprise. In addition
 there are not any
formal declarations with regard to how to decide &ldquo;abuse of form of organization&rdquo; and &ldquo;reasonable commercial purpose
&rdquo; which can be utilized by us to determine if our Company complies with the Circular 698. As a result
 we may
become at risk of being taxed under Circular 698 and we may be required to expend valuable resources to comply with Circular 698 or to establish that we should not be taxed under Circular 698
 which could have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition and results of operations.  

If the China Securities Regulatory Commission
 or CSRC
 or another PRC regulatory agency determines that CSRC approval is required in connection with the reverse acquisition of New Resources
 the reverse acquisition may be unwound
 or we may
become subject to penalties.  

On August 8
 2006
 six PRC regulatory agencies
 including the CSRC
 promulgated the Provisions Regarding Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors
 or the M&amp;A Rule
 which became effective on September 8
 2006. The
M&amp;A Rule
 among other things
 requires that an offshore company controlled by PRC companies or individuals that have acquired a PRC domestic company for the purpose of listing the PRC domestic company's equity interest on an overseas stock
exchange must obtain the approval of the CSRC prior to the listing and trading of such offshore company's securities on an overseas stock exchange. On September 21
 2006
 the CSRC
 pursuant to the M&amp;A Rule
 published on its official web site
procedures specifying documents and materials required to be submitted to it by offshore companies seeking CSRC approval of their overseas listings.  

We do not believe that the M&amp;A Rule concerning the CSRC approval for acquisition of a PRC domestic company by an offshore company controlled by PRC companies or individuals applies to our reverse acquisition of New Resources because neither
Nutrastar International Inc. nor New Resources was a &ldquo;Special Purpose Vehicle&rdquo; or an &ldquo;offshore company controlled by PRC companies or individuals&rdquo; as defined in the M&amp;A Rule. If the CSRC or another PRC governmental agency
subsequently determines that we must obtain CSRC approval prior to the completion of the reverse acquisition
 the reverse acquisition may be unwound and we may face regulatory actions or other sanctions from the CSRC or other PRC regulatory
agencies. These regulatory agencies may impose fines and penalties on our operations in China and limit our operating privileges in China
 or take other actions that could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 results
of operations
 reputation and prospects
 as well as the trading price of our shares.  

The M&amp;A Rule establishes more complex procedures for some acquisitions of Chinese companies by foreign investors
 which could make it more difficult for us to pursue growth through acquisitions in China.  

23 




The M&amp;A Rule establishes additional procedures and requirements that could make some acquisitions of Chinese companies by foreign investors more time-consuming and complex
 including requirements in some instances that the PRC Ministry of
Commerce be notified in advance of any change-of-control transaction and in some situations
 require approval of the PRC Ministry of Commerce when a foreign investor takes control of a Chinese domestic enterprise. In the future
 we may grow our
business in part by acquiring complementary businesses
 although we do not have any plans to do so at this time. The M&amp;A Rule also requires PRC Ministry of Commerce anti-trust review of any change-of-control transactions involving certain types
of foreign acquirers. Complying with the requirements of the M&amp;A Rule to complete such transactions could be time-consuming
 and any required approval processes
 including obtaining approval from the PRC Ministry of Commerce
 may delay or
inhibit our ability to complete such transactions
 which could affect our ability to expand our business or maintain our market share.  

PRC regulations relating to the establishment of offshore special purpose companies by PRC residents may subject our PRC resident shareholders to personal liability and limit our ability to inject capital into our PRC entities
 limit our PRC
entities&rsquo; ability to increase their registered capital
 distribute profits to us
 or otherwise adversely affect us.  

On October 21
 2005
 the SAFE issued the Notice on Issues Relating to the Administration of Foreign Exchange in Fund-raising and Reverse Investment Activities of Domestic Residents Conducted via Offshore Special Purpose Companies
 or Notice 75
which became effective as of November 1
 2005.  According to Notice 75
 prior registration with the local SAFE branch is required for PRC residents to establish or to control an offshore company for the purposes of financing that offshore company
with assets or equity interests in an onshore enterprise located in the PRC.  An amendment to registration or filing with the local SAFE branch by such PRC resident is also required for the injection of equity interests or assets of an onshore
enterprise in the offshore company or overseas funds raised by such offshore company
 or any other material change involving a change in the capital of the offshore company.  Moreover
 Notice 75 applies retroactively.  As a result
 PRC residents who
have established or acquired control of offshore companies that have made onshore investments in the PRC in the past were required to complete the relevant registration procedures with the local SAFE branch by March 31
 2006.  

We have requested our shareholders who are PRC residents to make the necessary applications
 filings and amendments as required under Notice 75 and other related rules.  We attempt to comply
 and attempt to ensure that our shareholders who are
subject to these rules comply
 with the relevant requirements.  However
 we cannot provide any assurances that all of our shareholders who are PRC residents will comply with our request to make or obtain any applicable registrations or comply with
other requirements required by Notice 75 or other related rules.  The failure or inability of our PRC resident shareholders to make any required registrations or comply with other requirements may subject such shareholders to fines and legal
sanctions and may also limit our ability to contribute additional capital into or provide loans to the subsidiaries and VIE Entities
 limit their ability to pay dividends or otherwise distribute profits to us
 or otherwise adversely affect us.  



Pursuant to the Implementation Rules of the Administration Measure for Individual Foreign Exchange issued by SAFE on January 5
 2007 and Operation Rules on the Foreign Exchange Administration of the Participation of Domestic Individuals in Overseas
Listed Companies&rsquo; Employee Stock Ownership Plans and Share Option Schemes issued by SAFE on March 28
 2007
 PRC citizens who are granted shares or share options by an overseas listed company under its employee share option or share incentive
plan are required
 through the PRC subsidiary of such overseas listed company or other qualified PRC agents
 to register with SAFE and complete certain other procedures related to the share option or other share incentive plan.  Foreign exchange
income from the sale of shares or dividends distributed by the overseas listed company may be remitted into a foreign currency account of such PRC citizen or be exchanged into RMB.  In addition
 the overseas listed company or its PRC subsidiary or
other qualified PRC agent is required to appoint an asset manager or administrator
 appoint a custodian bank and open dedicated foreign currency accounts to handle transactions relating to the share option scheme or other share incentive plan.  We
and our PRC employees who have been granted stock options are subject to this rule. We cannot assure you that we and our PRC optionees will complete such registration procedures in a timely manner
 or at all. If we or our PRC optionees fail to
comply with these regulations
 we or our PRC optionees may be subject to fines and legal sanctions
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results. 



24 




A new employment contract law became effective on January 1
 2008 in China. It imposes more stringent requirements on employers in relation to entry into fixed-term employment contracts
 recruitment of temporary employees and dismissal of employees.
In addition
 under the newly promulgated Regulations on Paid Annual Leave for Employees
 which also became effective on January 1
 2008
 employees who have worked continuously for more than one year are entitled to paid vacation ranging from 5 to 15
days
 depending on the length of the employee&rsquo;s service. Employees who waive such vacation entitlements at the request of the employer will be compensated for three times their normal daily salaries for each vacation day so waived. As a result
of the new law and regulations
 our labor costs may increase. There is no assurance that disputes
 work stoppages or strikes will not arise in the future.  Increases in the labor costs or future disputes with our employees could damage our business
financial condition or operating results. 



The PRC laws and regulations require all employers in China to fully contribute their own portion to the social insurance and housing accumulation funds for their employees within a certain period of time.  Failure to do so may expose the employers
to make rectification for the unpaid contributions by the relevant labor authority.  We are currently making contributions to the social insurance and housing accumulation funds for all of our currently eligible employees.  However
 in the past we
did not provide for contributions for our temporary employees.  If the PRC regulatory authorities take the view that we were required to make contributions to the social insurance and housing accumulation funds for our temporary employees
 our
failure to make previous payments may be in violation of applicable PRC labor laws and we cannot assure you that PRC governmental authorities will not impose penalties on us for failure to comply.  In addition
 in the event that any current or
former employee files a complaint with the PRC government
 we may be subject to making up the contributions to the social insurance and housing accumulation funds as well as paying administrative fines.  The total cost of these contributions and any
related fines or penalties could be very significant and could have a material adverse effect on our working capital.

Any recurrence of the Swine Flu (H1N1)
 severe acute respiratory syndrome
 or SARS
 the Avian Flu
 or another widespread public health problem in the PRC could adversely affect our operations.  

There have been recent outbreaks of the highly pathogenic Swine Flu
 caused by the H1N1 virus
 in certain regions of the world
 including parts of China
 where all of our manufacturing facilities are located and where all of our sales occur. Our
business is dependent upon our ability to continue to manufacture and distribute our products
 and an outbreak of the Swine Flu
 or a renewed outbreak of SARS
 the Avian Flu
 or another widespread public health problem in China
 could have a
negative effect on our operations. Any such outbreak could have an impact on our operations as a result of: 


quarantines or closures of our manufacturing or distribution facilities or the retail outlets
 which would severely disrupt our operations


the sickness or death of our key officers and employees







We are a Nevada holding company and most of our assets are located outside of the United States. Most of our current operations are conducted in the PRC. In addition
 most of our directors and officers are nationals and residents of countries other
than the United States. A substantial portion of the assets of these persons is located outside the United States. As a result
 it may be difficult for you to effect service of process within the United States upon these persons. It may also be
difficult for you to enforce in U.S. courts judgments on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws against us and our officers and directors
 most of whom are not residents in the United States and the substantial majority
of whose assets are located outside of the United States. In addition
 there is uncertainty as to whether the courts of the PRC would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts. Courts in China may recognize and enforce foreign judgments in
accordance with the requirements of the PRC Civil Procedures Law based on treaties between China and the country where the judgment is made or on reciprocity between jurisdictions. China does not have any treaties or other arrangements that provide
for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments within the United States. In addition
 according to the PRC Civil Procedures Law
 courts in the PRC will not enforce a foreign judgment against us or our directors and officers if
they decide that the judgment violates basic principles of PRC law or national sovereignty
 security or the public interest. So it is uncertain whether a PRC court would enforce a judgment rendered by a court in the United States.  

25 








Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board.  The OTC Bulletin Board is a significantly more limited market than the New York Stock Exchange or Nasdaq system.  The quotation of our shares on the OTC Bulletin Board may result in a less
liquid market available for existing and potential stockholders to trade shares of our common stock
 could depress the trading price of our common stock and could have a long-term adverse impact on our ability to raise capital in the future. 

The market price of our common stock is volatile
 leading to the possibility of its value being depressed at a time when you may want to sell your holdings.

The market price of our common stock is volatile
 and this volatility may continue.  Numerous factors
 many of which are beyond our control
 may cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate significantly.  In addition to market and
industry factors
 the price and trading volume for our common stock may be highly volatile for specific business reasons.  Factors such as variations in our revenues
 earnings and cash flow
 announcements of new investments
 cooperation arrangements
or acquisitions
 and fluctuations in market prices for our products could cause the market price for our shares to change substantially.  

Securities class action litigation is often instituted against companies following periods of volatility in their stock price.  This type of litigation could result in substantial costs to us and divert our management&rsquo;s attention and
resources.  

Moreover
 the trading market for our common stock will be influenced by research or reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business.  If one or more analysts who cover us downgrade our common stock
 the market price for
our common stock would likely decline.  If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to regularly publish reports on us
 we could lose visibility in the financial markets
 which
 in turn
 could cause the market price for our common
stock or trading volume to decline.  

Furthermore
 securities markets may from time to time experience significant price and volume fluctuations for reasons unrelated to operating performance of particular companies.  These market fluctuations may adversely affect the price of our
common stock and other interests in our company at a time when you want to sell your interest in us. 



The SEC has adopted regulations which generally define so-called &ldquo;penny stocks&rdquo; to be an equity security that has a market price less than &#36;5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than &#36;5.00 per share
 subject to certain
exemptions. Our common stock is considered as a &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; and we are subject to Rule 15g-9 under the Exchange Act
 or the Penny Stock Rule.  This rule imposes additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that sell such
securities to persons other than established customers and &ldquo;accredited investors&rdquo; (generally
 individuals with a net worth in excess of &#36;1
000
000 or annual incomes exceeding &#36;200
000
 or &#36;300
000 together with their
spouses).  For transactions covered by Rule 15g-9
 a broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and have received the purchaser's written consent to the transaction prior to sale.  As a result
 this rule may affect
the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities and may affect the ability of purchasers to sell any of our securities in the secondary market. 

For any transaction involving a penny stock
 unless exempt
 the rules require delivery
 prior to any transaction in penny stock
 of a disclosure schedule prepared by the SEC relating to the penny stock market.  Disclosure is also required to be made
about sales commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the securities.  Finally
 monthly statements are required to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held
in the account and information on the limited market in penny stock. 

There can be no assurance that our common stock will qualify for exemption from the Penny Stock Rule.  In any event
 even if our common stock were exempt from the Penny Stock Rule
 we would remain subject to Section 15(b)(6) of the Exchange Act
which gives the SEC the authority to restrict any person from participating in a distribution of penny stock
 if the SEC finds that such a restriction would be in the public interest. 

26 






Our Articles of Incorporation authorizes our board of directors to issue up to 1
000
000 shares of preferred stock. The preferred stock may be issued in one or more series
 the terms of which may be determined at the time of issuance by the board of
directors without further action by the stockholders.  These terms may include preferences as to dividends and liquidation
 conversion rights
 redemption rights and sinking fund provisions. The issuance of any preferred stock could diminish the
rights of holders of our common stock
 and therefore could reduce the value of such common stock. In addition
 specific rights granted to future holders of preferred stock could be used to restrict our ability to merge with
 or sell assets to
 a
third party.  The ability of our board of directors to issue preferred stock could make it more difficult
 delay
 discourage
 prevent or make it more costly to acquire or effect a change-in-control
 which in turn could prevent our stockholders from
recognizing a gain in the event that a favorable offer is extended and could materially and negatively affect the market price of our common stock.  In connection with our private placement transaction in June 2010
 we filed the 2010 Certificate
with the State of Nevada
 pursuant to which we authorized 300
000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock and issued 197
706 shares of Series A Preferred Stock to the investors. 



Dilution of the per share value of our common stock could result from the conversion of our outstanding Series A Preferred Stock issued to the investors in the recent private placement and the exercise of outstanding warrants that we issued in
connection with our previous private placement transactions.  As of March 17
 2014
 there were 77
776 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock outstanding
 which may be converted into our common stock at the option of the holders of the Series A
Preferred Stock in whole or in part at any time at an initial conversion ratio of 1-for-10.  When the conversion price of the Series A Preferred Stock is less than the trading price of our common stock
 the conversion of Series A Preferred Stock
would have a dilutive effect on our shareholders. The possibility of the issuance of shares of our common stock upon the conversion of Series A Preferred Stock could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline as well. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  






Not Applicable. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  






All land in China is owned by the State or collectives. Individuals and companies are permitted to acquire land use rights for general or specific purposes. In the case when land is used for industrial purposes
 the land use rights are granted for a
period of 50 years. The rights may be renewed at the expiration of the initial and any subsequent terms according to the relevant Chinese laws. Granted land use rights are transferable and may be used as security for borrowings and other
obligations.  

Our primary production and operational facilities are located in Zhaoyuan County
 Daqing City
 Heilongjiang Province
 which started production in 2006. The facility consists of nine factory buildings and is located on a 410
000 square meter tract
where we have leased the land use rights for twenty years from Heilongjiang Shuaiyi Technology Development Co.
 Ltd or Shuaiyi Technology.  Shuaiyi Technology and our company are under common control and management.  

We currently have one main operating production line and twenty supplemental production lines of Cordyceps Militaris with an aggregate processing capacity of 100 tons annually. 

Harbin Shuaiyi entered into a premise lease agreement with a PRC individual
 Liye Qian
 on December 28
 2005
 pursuant to which Harbin Shuaiyi leased the premise located at 2nd Floor
 2nd Building
 No. 41 Xiangdian Street
 Xiangfang District
 Harbin
with an area of 2
400 square meters. The lease term is from January 1
 2006 to December 31
 2010. Harbin Shuaiyi used the facility as an exhibit center for our more than 800 green foods. We paid a monthly rent of RMB 13
000 approximately &#36;1
625)
for using this facility. On October 1
 2010
 as Harbin Shuaiyi&rsquo;s legal representative
 Xinjun Li entered into a lease agreement with Qingling Zhang
 pursuant to which
 Harbin Shuaiyi leased the premise located at No. 8
 F Suite
 Yueshan
International Building
 Harbin Development Zone with an area of 262.11 square meters. The lease term
was
from October 1
 2010 to October 1
 2013. We use the facility as an exhibit center for our organic and specialty food products. We paid an annual rent of RMB 240
000 (approximately &#36;38
100) for the first year and such rent increases by 10%
annually thereafter. As a result of this new lease agreement
 we terminated our lease agreement with Liye Qian.
On December 3
 2013
 Harbin Shuaiyi entered into a lease agreement with a PRC
individual.
 Shen Xiao Hui
 pursuant to which Harbin Shuaiyi leased the premise
located at 2-4 Wen Hua Street
 Nangang District
 Harbin
 with an area of 89
square meters. The lease term is from January 1 to December 31
 2014. Total rent
for the lease is RMB 50
000. Harbin Shuaiyi had paid the full amount of the rent
in advance in accordance with terms of the lease agreement. 

27 




On April 15
 2011
 Heilongjiang Shuaiyi entered into an asset transfer agreement or the Transfer Agreement with Ms. Han. Pursuant to the Transfer Agreement
 Heilongjiang Shuiayi acquired an office building located at 54-1 Ganshui Road
 Xiangfang
District
 Harbin
 with a construction area of 1
854.1 square meters
 from Ms. Han at a cash consideration of RMB 12.75 million (approximately &#36;1.95 million including other incidental costs)
 which was fully paid in April 2011. The purchase price
was determined based on a real property valuation report issued by an independent appraisal firm
 Harbin Guoxin Real Estate Appraisal and Consulting Co.
 Limited on November 11
 2010. Management believes the terms of the purchase transaction and the
consideration that the Company paid in connection with this transaction were comparable to the terms available and the amounts that would be paid in an arm&rsquo;s-length transaction. The Company intended to move the corporate headquarters in China
to this new office building in 2012
 however
 due to changes in market conditions
 this plan has been delayed.  As a result
 the Company decided to rent out 2 floors of the currently unoccupied building to an unrelated tenant at an annual rent of
RMB 50
000 (approximately &#36;8
000). The tenant is responsible for all the leasehold improvements.  It is the intent of the Company to move the corporate headquarters in China to this new office building when the market condition allows in the
future. 

We believe that all our properties have been adequately maintained
 are generally in good condition
 and are suitable and adequate for our business.  

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  






From time to time
 we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However
 litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties
 and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise
from time to time that may harm our business. We are currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have a material adverse affect on our business
 financial condition or operating results.  

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  






Not applicable.  

28 






style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  




 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER
    PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 




Our common stock is quoted under the symbol &ldquo;NUIN.OB&rdquo; on the OTC Bulletin Board but has not been traded on the OTC Bulletin Board except on a limited and sporadic basis.  The CUSIP number is 67060M 107. 

The following table sets forth
 for the periods indicated
 the high and low closing prices of our common stock.  These prices reflect inter-dealer prices
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission
 and may not represent actual transactions.







 






















Year Ended December 31
 2013
















Quarter




&nbsp;1.50






&nbsp;0.72






Quarter




1.05






0.85






Quarter




1.20






0.81






Quarter




2.25






1.00






















Year Ended December 31
 2012
















Quarter




&nbsp;2.35




$


1.60






Quarter




2.45






1.30






Quarter




1.60






1.05






Quarter




1.59






0.95










As of March 17
 2014
 there were approximately 357 holders of record of our common stock.  This number excludes the shares of our common stock owned by stockholders holding stock under nominee security position listings. 



We have never declared or paid a cash dividend.  Any future decisions regarding dividends will be made by our board of directors.  We currently intend to retain and use any future earnings for the development and expansion of our business and do not
anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.  Our board of directors has complete discretion on whether to pay dividends
 subject to the approval of our stockholders.  Even if our board of directors decides to pay dividends
 the
form
 frequency and amount will depend upon our future operations and earnings
 capital requirements and surplus
 general financial condition
 contractual restrictions and other factors that the board of directors may deem relevant.  



See Item 12
 &ldquo;Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters &mdash; Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans.&rdquo;



We have not sold any equity securities during the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013 that were not previously disclosed in a quarterly report on Form 10-Q or a current report on Form 8-K that was filed during the 2013 fiscal year. 



The Company did not repurchase any equity securities during the fiscal year
ended December 31
 2013. 

29 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  






Not Applicable. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  




    OPERATIONS.  



information
 the following discussion contains certain forward-looking information. See &ldquo;Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements&rdquo; above for certain information concerning those forward looking statements.  



We are a leading China based producer and supplier of premium branded Traditional Chinese Medicine consumer products including commercially cultivated Cordyceps Militaris
 organic and specialty food products and functional health beverages.  Through
our VIE Entities
 we specialize in developing
 processing
 marketing and distributing a variety of our agricultural and nutraceutical products.

Our primary product is commercially cultivated Cordyceps Militaris
 which is developed from wild strains of Cordyceps Militaris. We sell our products through an extensive nationwide sales and distribution network covering six provinces and ten
cities in China. Our Cordyceps Militaris products are grown and processed by Daqing Shuiayi
 and are mainly sold to pharmaceutical companies which are further processed into drugs and nutraceutical products or sold directly to consumers in the form
of raw material or incorporated into our beverage products. We generated 77.7% and 75.5% of our revenues from Cordyceps Militaris for fiscal years 2013 and 2012
 respectively.  We believe that we own approximately 16% of the market share in the
entire cultivated Cordyceps Militaris industry in China.

We also sell organic and specialty food products through our VIE Entity
 Harbin Shuaiyi
 which was formed in 2001.  After years of development
 we believe that we have become the largest wholesale distributor of organic and specialty food in
Heilongjiang Province
 China. 

We introduced the Cordyceps functional health beverages in the fourth quarter of 2010.  The non-carbonized beverage products were developed internally and contain the Cordyceps Militaris as a key ingredient.  The products are currently being
marketed directly to consumers in select cities in Jiangsu and Anhui Province through various distribution channels.  We generated 17.2% and 18.8% of our revenues from Cordyceps functional health beverages for fiscal years 2013 and 2012
respectively. The functional health beverages are in the initial commercialization cycle in the Chinese consumer market. 

Our sales revenue grew by 17.9% in the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013 to approximately &#36;43.35 million
 from approximately &#36;36.77 million in year 2012.  Our gross margin for 2013 was 77.8%
 as compared to 76.2% for 2012. 



We expect several key demographic
 healthcare
 and lifestyle trends to drive the growth of our business in the coming future:  



Our management believes that as China becomes more affluent
 its citizens are becoming more health conscious. They are leading more active lifestyles and becoming increasingly focused on
healthy living
 nutrition
 and supplementation. According to 
 a higher percentage of today&rsquo;s global population is involved to some degree in health and wellness than a few years ago. We believe that growth



(published in June 2011)
 the percentage of elderly persons (those 65 years or
older) in China is projected to triple between 2011 and 2050
 from approximately 9.7% to 30.8%
 a total of 429 million
people. We believe that these consumers are significantly more likely to use health supplements than younger persons and have higher levels of disposable income to pursue healthy lifestyles.


30 




&nbsp;
Healthcare related costs have increased substantially in China. A research released by Chinese Academy of Social Sciences in 2007 indicated that the out-of-pocket health
expenditures in China increased by 1
900% from 1990 to 2004. To reduce medical costs and avoid the complexities of dealing with the healthcare system
 and given increasing incidence of medical problems and concern over the use and effects of
prescription drugs
 many consumers take preventive measures







Nutrastar International Inc. is subject to United States tax at a tax rate of 34%. No provision for income taxes in the United States has been made as Nutrastar International Inc. had no income taxable in the United States. 



New Resources was incorporated in the BVI. Under the current law of the BVI
 New Resources is not subject to income or capital gains tax. In addition
 dividend payments are not subject to withholding tax in the BVI.



In 2007
 the PRC government promulgated the New EIT Law
 and the relevant implementation rules
 which became effective on January 1
 2008. Under the New EIT Law and its implementation rules
 all domestic and foreign investment companies will be
subject to a uniform enterprise income tax at the rate of 25%. As a result
 our PRC subsidiaries and VIE Entities are subject to enterprise income tax at the rates of 25% in 2013 and 2012.

Under the New EIT Law
 dividends from PRC subsidiaries to their non-PRC shareholders will be subject to a withholding tax at a rate of 20%
 which is further reduced to 10% by the implementation rules
 if the non-PRC shareholder is considered to be a
non-PRC tax resident enterprise without any establishment or place within China or if the dividends payable have no connection with the non-PRC shareholder&rsquo;s establishment or place within China
 unless any such non-PRC shareholder&rsquo;s
jurisdiction of incorporation has a tax treaty with China that provides for a different withholding arrangement. 

In addition
 pursuant to the New EIT Law
 enterprises established under the laws of non-PRC jurisdictions
 but whose &ldquo;de facto management body&rdquo; is located in the PRC
 should be treated as resident enterprises for PRC tax purposes.
However
 it is currently uncertain whether we may be deemed a resident enterprise
 or how to interpret whether any income or gain is derived from sources within China. See Item 1A
 &ldquo;Risk Factors - Under the New EIT Law
 we may be classified as
a &lsquo;resident enterprise&rsquo; of China. Such classification will likely result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC stockholders.&rdquo; If we
 as a Nevada company with substantially all of our management located in China
were treated as a resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes
 we will be subject to PRC tax on our worldwide income at the 25% uniform tax rate
 which would have an impact on our effective tax rate. 



Our business operations can be categorized into three segments based on the type of products we manufacture and sell
 specifically (i) Cordyceps Militaris
 (ii) organic and specialty food products and (iii) functional health beverages.  

We grow and sell our Cordyceps products as well as manufacture and distribute our functional health beverages through Daqing Shuaiyi.  Harbin Shuaiyi is mainly engaged in the business of selling our organic and specialty food products. 

In 2013
 our sales revenue from our Cordyceps Militaris was approximately &#36;33.69 million
 sales revenue from our organic and specialty food products was approximately &#36;2.19 million and sales revenue from our functional health beverages was
&#36;7.47 million. 

We expect that majority of our revenue for 2014 will still come from our Cordyceps Militaris products
 with an increase in the percentage of revenue coming from the functional health beverages as we expand our distribution channels.  We also expect that sales and marketing related costs associated with
branding and advertising of the functional health beverages will increase as a
percentage of revenue. 

31 



Note 18 in our audited consolidated financial statements contained elsewhere in
this annual report. 

Year Ended December 31
 2013 Compared to Year Ended December
31
 2012

operations for the periods indicated
 in dollars and as a percentage of revenue.


 other than percentage
 in thousands of US
dollars) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    




 2013
    




 2012
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




    




    




    




    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    





    




    





    




    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    




    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    








    




    




    




    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    








    




    




    




    




    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    





    




    





    




    


    





    




    





    






. Our revenues are generated from the
sale of our Cordyceps Militaris products
 functional health beverages and
organic and specialty food products. Revenues increased by $6.58 million
 or
17.9%
 to $43.35 million in 2013
 from $36.77 million in 2012. This increase was
mainly attributable to the increase in the quantity sold of our core product
Cordyceps Militaris by $5.94 million which is primarily driven by the continued
increase in market demand for our Cordyceps Militaris related products. 

based on the type of products we manufacture and sell
 specifically (i)
Cordyceps Militaris
 (ii) organic and specialty food products and (iii)
functional health beverages. The following table shows the different segments
comprising our total sales revenue for the Cordyceps Militaris
 beverages and
other agricultural products: 

(all amounts
 other than percentages
 in thousands of U.S.
dollars) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
Year Ended December 31

    
    
    
    

    




    




    




    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
  

    



189

    



113

    




    



    



349

    




    




    




. Our cost of goods sold is
primarily comprised of the costs of our raw materials
 labor and overhead. Our
cost of goods sold increased by $0.89 million
 or 10.2%
 to approximately $9.63
million in 2013 from $8.74 million in 2012. This increase was commensurate with
increased sales of our core products. As a percentage of revenues
 the cost of
goods sold decreased to 22.2% for the year ended December 31
 2013 from 23.8%
for the year 2012. This decrease in cost of goods sold as a percentage of
revenue was mainly attributable to the economies of scale due to the increase in
capacity and utilization which outpaced the associated costs. 
. Our gross profit increased
approximately $5.69 million
 or 20.3%
 to approximately $33.72 million in 2013
from $28.03 million in 2012. Gross profit as a percentage of revenues was 77.8%
in 2013
 an increase of 1.6% from 76.2% in 2012. Such percentage increase was
mainly due to the economies of scale as a result of the increase in capacity and
utilization of facilities. 
. Our selling expenses include
sales commissions
 cost of advertising and promotional materials
 salaries and
fringe and social benefits of sales personnel
 and other sales related costs.
Selling expenses increased $0.19 million or 11.4% to $1.85 million in 2013 from
$1.66 million in 2012. As a percentage of revenues
 selling expenses decreased
to 4.3% for 2013 from 4.5% in 2012. The increase in the amount of selling
expenses was mainly due to a $0.2 million increase in sales commission due to
higher revenue. The decrease in the percentage of selling expenses was mainly
attributable to the increase in sales revenues which outpaced the increase in
selling expenses combined with the aforementioned fringe and social benefits
adjustment for the year 2013. 
. General and
administrative expenses include the personnel costs associated with staff and
support personnel who manage our business activities
 depreciation of fixed
assets
 and professional fees paid to third parties. General and administrative
expenses increased $0.11 million or 3.7% to $3.22 million in 2013 from $3.10
million in 2012. As a percentage of revenues
 general and administrative
expenses decreased to 7.4% in 2013 from 8.4% in 2012. The increase in the amount
of general and administrative expenses was mainly due a $0.17 million increase
in depreciation expenses in 2013 The decrease in general and administrative
expenses as a percentage of revenue was mainly due to the increase in sales
revenue which outpaced the increase in general and administrative expenses. 
Gain on re-measurement of accrued staff fringe and social
 For the past periods
 we followed the prevailing laws and
regulations of the PRC
 to accrue the social benefits to our staff
 but we did
not make contributions to plans for the amounts accrued since the plans had not
been formally established. Since December 2013
 we began to contribute to the
plans for all currently eligible employees after they are established. As a
result
 we re-measured our liabilities in accordance to the relevant regulations
of the PRC and recorded $0.93 million gain on re-measurement of accrued staff
fringe and social benefits in our income statement. 
. Income before income
taxes increased approximately $6.30 million
 or 26.6%
 to approximately $29.98
million in 2013 from $23.68 million in 2012. As a percentage of revenues
 income
before income taxes increased by 4.7% to 69.1% in 2013 from 64.4% in 2012. The
increase in income before income taxes in dollar terms and as a percentage of
revenue is mainly attributable to the increase in the amount of our gross profit
resulting in an increase in income from operations of $6.32 million. 
. Nutrastar International Inc. is
subject to United States federal income tax at a tax rate of 34%. No provision
for income taxes in the United States has been made as Nutrastar International
Inc. had no U.S. source income taxable in the United States for the year ended
December 31
 2013 or 2012. New Resources was incorporated in the BVI and under
the current laws of the BVI
 is not subject to income taxes. Oriental Global was
formed in Hong Kong and under the current laws of Hong Kong
 is not subject to
income taxes. Our PRC subsidiary and the VIEs are subject to national and local
income taxes within China at the applicable tax rate on the taxable income as
reported in their PRC statutory financial statements in accordance with relevant
income tax laws. China passed a new Enterprise Income Tax Law
 or the New EIT
Law
 and its implementing regulations
 both of which became effective on January
1
 2008. 

which were granted under the then effective tax laws and regulations. Therefore
Daqing Shuaiyi had continued to be entitled to a three-year 50% income tax
reduction until December 31
 2010. Both entities were subject to an income tax
rate of 25% in 2013 and 2012. 





million in 2013 from $6.44 million in 2012. We paid more taxes in 2013 because
of the increase in sales and taxable income described above. 
. Net income increased approximately
$4.93 million
 or 28.6%
 to $22.17 million in 2013 from $17.24 million in 2012
as a result of the factors described above. 


 2013
 we had cash and cash equivalents of
approximately $102.60 million. The following table provides detailed information
about our net cash flow for all financial statement periods presented in this
report. 
(All amounts in thousands of U.S.
dollars)

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    





    


    




    




    




    




    






    
    
    
    
    
    
    






    




    




    





    




    


    
















year ended December 31
 2013
 an increase of $4.44 million from $19.87 million
in year ended December 31
 2012. The increase in the cash provided by operating
activities was mainly attributable to the $22.2 million net income generated in
2013
 which is an increase of $4.93 million in 2013 compared to last year
offset by an increase in $1.3 million cash settlement to supplier and combined
that with an increase of $0.6 million prepayment and other operating activities
contributions and better control on cash settlement policy. 


for the acquisition of property
 plant and equipment. 

 2013
 there was no net cash
provided by or used for investing activities
 representing a decrease of
approximately $0.95 million from approximately $0.95 million provided by
investing activities in the year 2012. The net cash provided by investing
activities in year 2012 was mainly due to the return of prior prepayment
deposits relating to the expansion of the organic and specialty food business as
the Company scaled back the initial size of the expansion. 


approximately $0.05 million for year ended December 31
 2013 from the year 2012.
The increase in the net cash provided by financing activities was mainly
attributable to approximately $0.07 million cash savings in 2013 related to
prior year repurchase of common stock and decrease of $0.02 million advance from a related party
in 2013. 

will meet our expected capital expenditure and working capital requirements for
the next 12 months. However
 we may in the future require additional cash
resources due to changed business conditions
 implementation of our strategy to
expand our production capacity or other investments or acquisitions we may
decide to pursue. If our own financial resources are insufficient to satisfy our
capital requirements
 we may seek to sell additional equity or debt securities
or obtain additional credit facilities. The sale of additional equity securities
could result in dilution to our stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness
would result in increased debt service obligations and could require us to agree
to operating and financial covenants that would restrict our operations.
Financing may not be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us
 if at
all. Any failure by us to raise additional funds on terms favorable to us
 or at all
 could limit our ability to expand
our business operations and could harm our overall business prospects. 






our business and we do not expect that inflation or changing prices will
materially affect our business in the foreseeable future. However
 our
management will closely monitor the price change and continually maintain
effective cost control in operations. 


are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of
operations
 liquidity or capital expenditures or capital resources that is
material to an investor in our securities. 


have not been subject to seasonal variations. However
 extended holidays in
China such as the Lunar Chinese New Year
 May and October holidays will impact
the Company&#146;s operations due to holiday shut downs. This pattern may change
however
 as a result of new market opportunities or new product introductions.



accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires our
management to make assumptions
 estimates and judgments that affect the amounts
reported in the financial statements
 including the notes thereto
 and related
disclosures of commitments and contingencies
 if any. We consider our critical
accounting policies to be those that require the more significant judgments and
estimates in the preparation of financial statements
 including the
following:

These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the
financial statements of Nutrastar and its wholly owned subsidiaries
 New
Resources
 Oriental Global and Harbin Baixin
 and its VIEs Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi. All significant inter-company balances or
transactions have been eliminated on consolidation. 

Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi and based on the result of the
evaluation
 believes that these entities are variable interest entities and that
it is the primary beneficiary of these entities. Consequently
 the Company has
included the results of operations of these variable interest entities in the
consolidated financial statements. The Company&#146;s relationships with Heilongjiang
Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi are governed by a series of
contractual arrangements. Under PRC laws
 Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi
and Harbin Shuaiyi are independent legal persons and none of them is exposed to
liabilities incurred by the other parties. 

 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin
Shuaiyi are consolidated in the accompanying financial statements pursuant to
the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standard Codification (ASC)
Topic 810 and related subtopics related to the consolidation of variable
interest entities. The Company does not have any non-controlling interests in
net income and accordingly
 did not subtract any net income in calculating the
net income attributable to the Company. Because of the contractual arrangements
the Company had a pecuniary interest in the VIEs that require consolidation of
the Company&#146;s and the VIEs&#146; financial statements. 

The preparation of these consolidated financial statements in conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles requires the Company to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at
the date of these consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of
revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The Company bases its
estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are
believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Accordingly
 actual results
may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
Significant estimates for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 include the
useful lives of property and equipment and intangible assets
 assumptions used
in assessing impairment for long-term assets and the fair values of share-based
payments.





Cash and cash equivalents consist of all cash balances and
highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less.
Because of the short maturity of these investments
 the carrying amounts
approximate their fair value. 

Accounts receivable is stated at cost
 net of an allowance for
doubtful accounts. The Company maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for
estimated losses resulting from the failure of customers to make required
payments. The Company reviews the accounts receivable on a periodic basis and
provides allowances where there is doubt as to the collectability of individual
balances. In evaluating the collectability of individual receivable balances
the Company considers many factors
 including the age of the balance
 the
customer&#146;s payment history
 its current credit-worthiness and current economic
trends. 

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost
 determined on a
weighted average basis
 or market. Costs of inventories include purchase and
related costs incurred in bringing the products to their present location and
condition. Market value is determined by reference to selling prices after the
balance sheet date or to management&#146;s estimates based on prevailing market
conditions. Management will write down the inventories to market value if it is
below cost. Management also regularly evaluates the composition of its
inventories to identify slow-moving and obsolete inventories to determine if a
valuation allowance is required. 


determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify
as embedded derivatives. For derivative instruments that are accounted for as
liabilities
 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value
and is then revalued at each reporting date
 with changes in the fair value
reported in the consolidated statements of income. For stock-based derivative
financial instruments
 the Company uses Monte-Carlo simulation methods to value
the derivative instruments at inception and on subsequent valuation dates. 
Property
 plant and equipment 
Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost less
accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses
 if any. Gains or
losses on disposals are reflected as gain or loss in the year of disposal. The
cost of improvements that extend the life of property
 plant and equipment are
capitalized. These capitalized costs may include structural improvements
equipment and fixtures. All ordinary repair and maintenance costs are expensed
as incurred. 

the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets as
follows: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

    

      years) 

    
    

    
    

    
    

The Company&#146;s intangible assets include a ten-year exclusive
right to use a proprietary process and computer software. The Company&#146;s
amortization policy on intangible assets is as follows: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

    

      years) 

    
    

    
    

ASC Subtopic 350-30
 &#147;General Intangibles Other Than Goodwill&#148;. Under ASC
350-30-35
 intangibles with definite lives continue to be amortized on a
straight-line basis over the lesser of their estimated useful lives or
contractual terms. Under FASB ASU No.2012-02 Intangible-Goodwill and Other(Topic
350)
 the Company assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is
necessary to perform a quantitative impairment test. The Company would not be
required to calculate the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset unless the Company determines
 based on a qualitative
assessment
 that it is not more likely than not
 the indefinite-lived intangible
asset is impaired. If the qualitative assessment fails
 intangibles with
indefinite lives are further evaluated quantitatively for impairment by
comparing the asset&#146;s estimated fair value with its carrying value
 based on
cash flow methodology.






The Company reviews and evaluates its long-lived assets for
impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related
carrying amounts may not be recoverable. An impairment is considered to exist if
the total estimated future cash flows on an undiscounted basis are less than the
carrying amount of the assets
 including goodwill
 if any. An impairment loss is
measured and recorded based on discounted estimated future cash flows. In
estimating future cash flows
 assets are grouped at the lowest level for which
there is identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of future cash
flows from other asset groups. 

Revenue is recognized when the following four revenue criteria
are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
the selling price is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is reasonably
assured. 

related taxes
 sales discounts and returns at the time when the merchandise is
delivered to the customer. Based on historical experience
 management estimates
that sales returns are immaterial and has not recorded an allowance for
estimated sales returns. 

The Company accounts for share-based compensation awards to
employees in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718
 &#147;Compensation &#150; Stock
Compensation&#148;
 which requires that share-based payment transactions with
employees be measured based on the grant-date fair value of the equity
instrument issued and recognized as compensation expense over the requisite
service period. 

non-employees in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718 and FASB ASC Subtopic
505-50
 &#147;Equity-Based Payments to Non-employees&#148;. Under FASB ASC Topic 718 and
FASB ASC Subtopic 505-50
 stock compensation granted to non-employees has been
determined as the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of
equity instrument issued
 whichever is more reliably measured and is recognized
as expenses as the goods or services are received. 

The Company is subject to income taxes in the United States and
other foreign jurisdictions where it operates. The Company accounts for income
taxes in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 740
 &#147;Income Taxes&#148;. FASB ASC Topic 740
requires an asset and liability approach for financial accounting and reporting
for income taxes and allows recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets
based upon the likelihood of realization of tax benefits in future years. Under
the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes are provided for the net tax
effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax
purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is
more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able
to realize their benefits
 or that future deductibility is uncertain. 

the Internal Revenue Service (&#147;IRS&#148;) and other tax authorities in the locations
where it operates. The Company assesses potentially unfavorable outcomes of such
examinations based on the criteria of FASB ASC 740-10-25-5 through 740-10-25-7
and 740-10-25-13 (formerly FASB Interpretation No. 48 (&#147;FIN 48&#148;) &#147;Accounting for
Uncertainty in Income Taxes&#148;). The interpretation prescribes a
more-likely-than-not threshold for financial statement recognition and
measurement of a tax position taken (or expected to be taken) in a tax return.
This Interpretation also provides guidance on derecognition of income tax assets
and liabilities
 classification of current and deferred income tax assets and
liabilities
 accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax
positions
 accounting for income taxes in interim periods and income tax
disclosures. 

Research and development costs are expensed as incurred
 and
are charged to general and administrative expenses. Research and development
costs were $173
881 and $168
746 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
respectively. 





The Company expenses all advertising costs as incurred.
Advertising costs charged to selling expenses were $10
437 and $10
240for the
years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. 

Substantially all costs of shipping and handling of products to
customers are included in selling expense. Shipping and handling costs for the
years ended December 31
 2013and 2012 were insignificant. 

FASB ASC Topic 220
 &#147;Comprehensive Income&#148;
 establishes
standards for reporting and displaying comprehensive income and its components
in the consolidated financial statements. Accumulated other comprehensive income
includes foreign currency translation adjustments. 

The Company uses the United States dollar (&#147;US Dollar&#148; or &#147;US$&#148;
or &#147;$&#148;) for financial reporting purposes. The PRC subsidiaries and VIEs within
the Company maintain their books and records in their functional currency
Chinese Renminbi (&#147;RMB&#148;)
 being the lawful currency in the PRC. Assets and
liabilities of the PRC subsidiaries and VIEs are translated from RMB into US
Dollars using the applicable exchange rates prevailing at the balance sheet
date. Items on the statements of income and cash flows are translated at average
exchange rates during the reporting period. Equity accounts are translated at
historical rates. Adjustments resulting from the translation of the Company&#146;s
financial statements are recorded as accumulated other comprehensive income. 

Dollars for the purposes of preparing the consolidated financial statements are
based on the rates as published on the website of People&#146;s Bank of China and are
as follows: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 



    



    


 2012 



 except for equity

    
    
    


    
    
    
    

or could be
 converted into US Dollars at the above rates. The value of RMB
against US dollars and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by
 among
other things
 changes in China&#146;s political and economic conditions. Any
significant revaluation of RMB may materially affect the Company&#146;s financial
condition in terms of US Dollar reporting. 

The Company follows FASB ASC Topic 280
 &#147;Segment Reporting&#148;
which requires that companies disclose segment data based on how management
makes decisions about allocating resources to segments and evaluating their
performance. 

2013 and 2012
 it operated in three business segments &#150; growing and sales of
Cordyceps Militaris
 which is widely used for Chinese medicine
 manufacturing
and sale of functional health beverages featuring the Cordyceps Militaris as a
core ingredient
 and sales of organic and specialty products. The manufacturing
and sale of Cordyceps Militaris functional health beverages was launched in the
fourth quarter of 2010. 

 2013 and 2012
 all of
the Company&#146;s operations were carried out in one geographical segment - China.


The Company reports earnings per share in accordance with the
provisions of FASB ASC Topic 260
 Earnings per Share. FASB ASC Topic 260
requires presentation of basic and diluted earnings per share in conjunction
with the disclosure of the methodology used in computing such earnings per
share. Basic earnings per share excludes dilution and is computed by dividing
income available to common stockholders by the weighted average common shares
outstanding during the period. 





dilution (using the treasury stock method) that could occur if securities or
other contracts to issue common stock were exercised and converted into common
stock. 

The Company follows FASB ASC Subtopic 450-20
 &#147;Loss
Contingencies&#148; in determining its accruals and disclosures with respect to loss
contingencies. Accordingly
 estimated losses from loss contingencies are accrued
by a charge to income when information available prior to issuance of the
financial statements indicates that it is probable that a liability could be
incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Legal expenses
associated with the contingency are expensed as incurred. If a loss contingency
is not probable or reasonably estimable
 disclosure of the loss contingency is
made in the financial statements when it is at least reasonably possible that a
material loss could be incurred. 

In March 2013
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board
(&#147;FASB&#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2013-05
 Foreign Currency
Matters
 (Topic 830): Parent's Accounting for the Cumulative Translation
Adjustment upon Derecognition of Certain Subsidiaries or Groups of Assets within
a Foreign Entity or of an Investment in a Foreign Entity (ASU 2013-05)
 to
resolve a diversity in accounting for the cumulative translation adjustment of
foreign currency upon derecognition of a foreign subsidiary or group of assets.
ASU 2013-05 requires the parent to apply the guidance in Subtopic 830-30 to
release any related cumulative translation adjustment into net income when a
reporting entity (parent) ceases to have a controlling financial interest in a
subsidiary or group of assets within a foreign entity. Accordingly
 the
cumulative translation adjustment should be released into net income only if the
sale or transfer results in the complete or substantially complete liquidation
of the foreign entity in which the subsidiary or group of assets had resided.
Further
 ASU 2013-05 clarified that the parent should apply the guidance in
subtopic 810-10 if there is a sale of an investment in a foreign entity
including both (1) events that result in the loss of a controlling financial
interest in a foreign entity and (2) events that result in an acquirer obtaining
control of an acquiree in which it held an equity interest immediately before
the acquisition date. Accordingly
 the cumulative translation adjustment should
be released into net income upon the occurrence of those events. ASU 2013-05 is
effective prospectively for the Company in our first quarter of fiscal 2014
with early adoption permitted. The Company does not expect ASU 2013-05 to have a
significant impact on its consolidated results of operations and financial
condition. 

 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No.
2013-11
 Income Taxes (Topic 740)(ASU 2013-11). The amendments in this update
provide guidance on the financial statement presentation of an unrecognized tax
benefit when a net operating loss carryforward
 similar tax loss
 or tax credit
carryforward exists. These amendments provide that an unrecognized tax benefit
or a portion thereof
 should be presented in the financial statements as a
reduction to a deferred tax asset for a net operating loss carryforward
 a
similar tax loss
 or a tax credit carryforward
 except to the extent that a net
operating loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss
 or a tax credit carryforward is
not available at the reporting date to settle any additional income taxes that
would result from disallowance of a tax position
 or the tax law does not
require the entity to use
 and the entity does not intend to use
 the deferred
tax asset for such purpose
 then the unrecognized tax benefit should be
presented as a liability. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal
years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December 15
2013. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect ASU 2013-11 to
have a significant impact on its consolidated results of operations and
financial condition. 

the FASB or other standards-setting bodies that do not require adoption until a
future date are not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#146;s
consolidated financial statements upon adoption. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
    DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    


as of December 31
 2013 and 2012 begins on page F-1 of this annual report. 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH
      ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
  
    
    

    
    
  
    
    

    
    
  
    
    

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
      Procedures
  
    
    



      defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to
      ensure that information that would be required to be disclosed in Exchange
      Act reports is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the
      time period specified in the SEC&#146;s rules and forms
 and that such
      information is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including
      to our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 as
      appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
    
  
    
    



 our
      management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
      Officer
 evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our
      disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31
 2013. Based on that
      evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
      concluded that as of December 31
 2013
 and as of the date that the
      evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
      was completed
 our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to
      satisfy the objectives for which they are intended. 
  
    
    

Management&#146;s Annual Report on Internal Control
      Over Financial Reporting
  
    
    



      maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined
      in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. The Exchange Act
      defines internal control over financial reporting as a process designed
      by
 or under the supervision of
 our principal executive and principal
      financial officers and effected by our board of directors
 management and
      other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
      of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
      external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally
      accepted in the United States of America and includes those policies and
      procedures that: 

  

  and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
  Company;
  

  to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting
  principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 and that our
  receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with
  authorizations of our management and directors; and
  

  unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of our assets that could have a
  material effect on our financial statements. 

 no matter how well designed
 have
inherent limitations. Therefore
 even those systems determined to be effective
can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement
preparation and presentation. Also
 projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

over financial reporting as of December 31
 2013. In making this assessment
management used the framework set forth in the report entitled Internal Control
- Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission
 or COSO. The COSO framework summarizes each of the
components of a company&#146;s internal control system
 including (i) the control
environment
 (ii) risk assessment
 (iii) control activities
 (iv) information
and communication
 and (v) monitoring. Based on our assessment we determined
that
 as of December 31
 2013
 our internal control over financial reporting is
effective based on those criteria. 

our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting.







financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2013 that have materially
affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control
over financial reporting.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
ITEM 9B.&nbsp;&nbsp;

OTHER INFORMATION.



disclosed in a report on Form 8-K during the fourth quarter of 2013
 but was not
reported. 






style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 



executive officers as of the date of this report:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

 Chief Executive
      Officer and President 

    
    
    
    

 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
    

    
    
    
    
    
  


    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

 Ms. Han has extensive experience in
operational management and business development. Ms. Han is the founder of our
company and has been our Chief Executive Officer
 President and the chairperson
of our board of directors since the completion of the reverse acquisition of New
Resources on December 23
 2008. Ms. Han has been the chairman and chief
executive officer of our subsidiary Heilongjiang Shuaiyi since its formation in
2006. From 1998 to 2006
 Ms. Han was the president of Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
Technology Development Co.
 Ltd.
 a company that is engaged in the business of
developing
 manufacturing
 marketing and selling high-tech agricultural
products. Ms. Han holds a Bachelor&#146;s degree in Chinese Language and Literature
from Harbin Normal University. 
Mr. Tick has extensive experience in
accounting and finance. Mr. Tick was the Chief Financial Officer of ANDA
Networks
 Inc.
 a telecom equipment provider
 from July 2007 to August 2010
Vice President of Finance from October 2005 to July 2007 and Corporate
Controller from April 2003 to November 2004. From November 2004 to October 2005
Mr. Tick served as the Controller for T-RAM Semiconductors Inc.
 a fabless
semiconductor company. Mr. Tick is a Certified Public Accountant and holds a
B.S. in Accounting and Finance from San Francisco State University and an M.B.A.
from Washington State University. 
 Mr. Hua has over 17 years experience in
sales and marketing management. Prior to joining the Company
 from 2003 to 2004
Mr. Hua was the Project General Planning Principle of Wanglaoji Herbal Tea
 JDB
Group
 one of the largest herbal tea manufacturers in China. From 1998 to 2001
he was the VP Sales &amp; Marketing of Beijing Huiyuan Beverage and Food Group
Co.
 Ltd.
 a leading company engaged in the manufacture and sales of juice and
other beverage products in China. Mr. Hua holds a Bachelor&#146;s degree in
international finance from Tianjin University. 
Richard E. Fearon
 Jr.
Managing Partner of Accretive Capital Partners
 a private investment fund
established in 2000 to target undervalued small and micro-cap public companies
which represent attractive take-private candidates. Accretive Capital Partners
has been nationally ranked by Morningstar
 Barron&#146;s Magazine
 Bloomberg
 Lipper
and Barclay Managed Funds
 was recipient of HFM Week Magazine&#146;s 2011 Best Single
Manager Long-Term Performance award among all U.S. hedge funds under $250
million
 and was named finalist for PAM Magazine's 2014 Best Wealth Manager
Long-Term Performance award among all United States wealth management firms.

 Mr. Fearon
founded and managed the Chicago office of Allied Capital Corporation
 a $4
billion private equity investment fund and the oldest publicly-traded business
development company in the United States
 until acquired by Ares Capital
Corporation. He was Managing Partner of Allied Capital Midwest and a Principal
of Allied Capital Corporation from 1993-2000. Prior to Allied Capital
 Mr.
Fearon was an investment banker at Morgan Stanley &amp; Co. and PaineWebber
Incorporated. Mr. Fearon earned an MBA in Finance from the Wharton School of
Business and attended the Stockholm School of Economics. He received his BA with
a double-major in Chemistry and Anthropology at Williams College. He has served
on the Board of 15 private companies
 including as Chairman of Magna Card
 Inc.
where he was awarded United States Patent 7225568. Since 2011
 he has served as
an Advisory Board Member to the Catalyst Network Foundation
 a non-profit
organization offering career development and networking tools to under-served
and high-potential inner-city youths and veterans.
 Mr. Ngan has been the Founder and Managing
Partner of HHN Capital LLC since April 2013. Mr. Ngan served as the Chief
Financial Officer of ZST Digital Networks
 Inc. (OTC: ZSTN) from March 2011 to
March 2013
 a company that is a developer
 manufacturer and supplier of digital
and optical network equipment to cable system operators and provider of GPS
tracking devices and support services for transport-related enterprises in
China. From February 2009 to January 2011
 Mr. Ngan has served as the Chief
Financial Officer of Hong Kong Highpower Technology
 Inc. (NASDAQ: HPJ)
 a
developer
 manufacturer and marketer of nickel-metal hydride (Ni-MH) and
lithium-ion (Li-ion) batteries and related products. Prior to joining the
company
 Mr. Ngan had served as Vice President and Senior Equity Analyst at
Brean Murray
 Carret &amp; Co.
 a full service investment bank
 in New York City
from July 2008
 an Equity Research Analyst at Buckingham Research Group in New
York
 an equity research firm
 from June 2004 to January 2008 and at Robotti
&amp; Company
 a diversified financial services boutique
 from October 2002
until June 2004. During his tenure
 Mr. Ngan accumulated a significant amount of
experience in accounting
 auditing
 consulting and valuation analysis. Mr. Ngan
received a Bachelor&#146;s degree in Accounting from the University at Albany
 State
University of New York
 and an MBA in finance
 and information and communication systems from
Fordham University. Mr. Ngan is also a Certified Public Accountant licensed in
the State of New York. 




 Ms. P&#146;an is currently the CEO of the
TransCapital Group LLC
 a business consulting service provider
 and Yumi
EcoSolutions
 Inc.
 an importer and distributor of eco-friendly materials. She
is a seasoned global executive
 successful entrepreneur and financier and a
recognized international business expert. As an innovator and authority on China
and the Pacific Rim
 Ms. P&#146;an advises senior executives and board of directors
on strategic investments
 business strategy
 operations and funding. Prior to
founding the current companies
 and their predecessor companies
 she was the
first female Vice President at American Express Bank from 1978 to 1984 and was
the architect of the national debit card banking system for Taiwan from 1980 to
1982. Before her current positions
 Ms. P&#146;an also served as Managing Partner for
KCSA Worldwide and Managing Director of Adam Friedman Associates from 1994 to
2006
 two prominent financial communications and investor relations firms based
in New York City. She is currently an active member of the Board of AIESEC US
 a
non-profit organization promoting cultural understanding and international
co-operation and the Advisory Board of the Babson Graduate School of Business
which is internationally ranked #1 for entrepreneurship. Ms. P&#146;an is the
recipient of the prestigious Leading Women Entrepreneur of the World
Business Innovator and International Women of Influence Awards and is fluent
in Mandarin and other Chinese dialects. 
 Mr. Zhang has decades of working
experience in production management. Mr. Zhang became our director on January
12
 2009. Mr. Zhang joined Heilongjiang Shuaiyi in 2006 as the production
manager. From 1998 to 2006
 Mr. Zhang was the vice president of Heilongjiang
Shuangyasha Boiler Factory. Mr. Zhang holds a Bachelor&#146;s degree in economics
from Northeast Agricultural University.
Mr. Zhong has been with Leichi
Investment Limited Company
 or Leichi
 a financial consulting company
 since
July 2007 and is principally responsible for managing the company&#146;s legal
affairs including the performance of business due diligence and market research
joint project arrangement
 private equity financing
 corporate strategy planning
and business consulting. Over the years
 he has participated in many joint
projects covering various industries from environmental protection
 new
materials
 new energy and modern agriculture provided to consumer and wholesales
franchises. Prior to working with Leichi
 Mr. Zhong was at the Fujian Yinsen
Group
 a company engaged in the business of collection
 treatment
 disposal and
recycling of industrial wastes
 from 2005 to 2007 and was responsible for
undertaking the company's legal affairs. Mr. Zhong graduated from The
South-Central University for Nationalities with a bachelor's degree in law. 

 dated May
27
 2010
 we are obligated to cause one person designated by ARC China Inc. to
be duly appointed or elected to the Board of Directors. After ARC China Inc.
assigned the designation right to Accretive Capital Partners in January 2012
Accretive Capital Partners designated Mr. Fearon as the candidate to be elected
to the Company&#146;s Board of Directors. Mr. Fearon was elected as our director on
November 26
 2012 according to this requirement.

and qualified.


directors.


 none of our directors or
executive officers has been convicted in a criminal proceeding
 excluding
traffic violations or similar misdemeanors
 or has been a party to any judicial
or administrative proceeding during the past five years that resulted in a
judgment
 decree or final order enjoining the person from future violations of
or prohibiting activities subject to
 federal or state securities laws
 or a
finding of any violation of federal or state securities laws
 except for matters
that were dismissed without sanction or settlement. Except as set forth in our
discussion below in Item 13
 &#147;Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director
Independence
&#148; none of our directors
 director nominees or executive officers
has been involved in any transactions with us or any of our directors
 executive
officers
 affiliates or associates which are required to be disclosed pursuant
to the rules and regulations of the SEC. 






Ms. Lianyun Han
 Mr. Robert Tick
 Mr. Chunming Zhang
 Mr. Henry Ngan
 Ms.
Virginia P&#146;an
 Mr. Jianbing Zhong and Mr. Richard E. Fearon Jr. Since October
2010
 the Board of Directors has established three Committees: the Audit
Committee
 the Compensation Committee
 and the Governance and Nominating
Committee. Each of the Audit Committee
 Compensation Committee and Governance
and Nominating Committee are comprised entirely of our independent directors.
From time to time
 the Board of Directors may establish other committees. The
Board of Directors has adopted a written charter for each of the committees
.
Printed copies of each of our committee charters may be obtained
 without
charge
 by contacting the Corporate Secretary
 Nutrastar International Inc.
 4/F
Yushan Plaza
 51 Yushan Road
 Nangang District
 Harbin
 China 150090. 


Virginia P&#146;an and Jianbing Zhong. Each member of the Audit Committee meets the
independence criteria prescribed by applicable regulation and the rules of the
SEC for audit committee membership and is an &#145;&#145;independent director&#146;&#146; within the
meaning of applicable NASDAQ listing standards. Each Audit Committee member
meets NASDAQ&#146;s financial literacy requirements
 and the Board of Directors has
further determined that Mr. Henry Ngan (i) is &#145;&#145;audit committee financial
expert&#146;&#146; as such term is defined in Item 407(d) of Regulation S-K promulgated by
the SEC
 and (ii) also meet NASDAQ&#146;s financial sophistication requirements. 

reporting processes and the audits of the financial statements of our Company.
The Audit Committee is responsible for
 among other things: 

  
  non-auditing services permitted to be performed by our independent auditors;
  
  and management&#146;s response;
  
 as
  defined in Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1933
 as
  amended;
  
  independent auditors;
  
  special audit steps adopted in light of significant internal control
  deficiencies;
  
  charter;
  
  independent auditors;
  
  
  by our Board from time to time. 


 Henry
Ngan
 Virginia P&#146;an and Jianbing Zhong. The members of the Compensation
Committee are all independent directors within the meaning of applicable NASDAQ
listing standards. 

reviewing and approving the compensation structure of our executive officers
including all forms of compensation to be provided to our executive officers.
Our chief executive officer may not be present at any Compensation Committee
meeting during which his compensation is deliberated. The Compensation Committee
is permitted to delegate its authority in accordance with Nevada law unless
prohibited by the Company&#146;s by-laws or the Compensation Committee charter. The
Compensation Committee is responsible for
 among other things: 

  
  officers;
  
  compensation of our chief executive officer
 evaluating the performance of our
  chief executive officer in light of those goals and objectives
 and setting
  the compensation level of our chief executive officer based on this
  evaluation; and 





  
  Directors regarding any long-term incentive compensation or equity plans
  programs or similar arrangements
 annual bonuses
 employee pension and welfare
  benefit plans; and reviewing and making recommendations to the Board of
  Directors regarding succession plans for the chief executive officer and other
  senior officers. 


directors: Henry Ngan
 Virginia P&#146;an and Jianbing Zhong. The members of our
Governance and Nominating Committee are all independent directors within the
meaning of applicable NASDAQ listing standards. 

Directors in identifying individuals qualified to become our directors and in
determining the composition of the Board of Directors and its committees. The
Governance and Nominating Committee is responsible for
 among other things: 

  
  election or re-election to the Board of Directors
 or for appointment to fill
  any vacancy;
  
  the Board of Directors in light of the characteristics of independence
 age
  skills
 experience and availability of service to us;
  
  annual retainers and meeting fees
 if any
 and making recommendations to the
  Board of Directors for any adjustments;
  
  serve as members of the Board&#146;s committees; and
  
Section 16(A) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance


 directors
 certain executive
officers and persons holding more than 10% of our common stock must report their
initial ownership of the common stock
 and any changes in that ownership
 to the
SEC. The SEC has designated specific due dates for these reports. Based solely
on our review of copies of such reports filed with the SEC by and written
representations of our directors and executive offers
 we believe that our
directors and executive offers filed the required reports on time in fiscal year
2013.


applies to our Chief Executive Officer
 President
 Chief Financial Officer
Principal Executive Officer
 Principal Financial Officer
 Principal Accounting
Officer
 Controller and persons performing similar functions. The code of ethics
addresses
 among other things
 ethical conduct
 conflicts of interest
compliance with laws
 regulations and policies
 including disclosure
requirements under the federal securities laws
 confidentiality
 trading on
inside information
 and reporting of violations of the code. A copy of the code
of ethics has been filed as Exhibit 14.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed
on October 8
 2010 and is also available on our website
. Any amendments or waivers to the code of
ethics will be posted on our website within four business days of such amendment
or waiver.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    



and non-cash compensation awarded to
 earned by or paid to the named persons for
services rendered in all capacities during the noted periods.






style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    






    




    




    




    




    




    




    
    
    
    
    

    23

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    23

    


    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    




    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    



      Director 
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
  
    
    

      aggregate grant date fair values of Restricted Stock
 calculated in
      accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. These are not amounts paid to or
      realized by Mr. Tick.
  
    
    

      grant date fair value of stock option awards granted to Mr. Tick
      calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. These are not amounts
      paid to or realized by Mr. Tick.


our CEO and President
 Ms. Lianyun Han. Ms. Han&#146;s employment agreement has a
five-year term beginning on December 7
 2008 and ended on December 7
 2013. Ms.
Han&#146;s employment agreement provides for a monthly salary of approximately $1
000
and an annual bonus of approximately $3
000. Ms. Han is subject to customary
non-competition and confidentiality covenants under the agreement. The
employment agreement does not entitle Ms. Han to severance payments or payments
following a change in control. Heilongjiang Shuaiyi and Ms. Han expect to extend
the term of the employment agreement within the next 30 days. 

 2010
 we and Mr. Robert Tick entered into an
employment agreement. The term of the employment agreement is for three years
commencing on July 16
 2010. The employment agreement provides
 among other
things
 that Mr. Tick&#146;s monthly base salary will be $12
650. During the term of
the employment agreement
 if either party terminates the employment for any
reason
 a minimum of sixty (60) days notice must be given in writing to the
other party. The employment agreement also contains covenants prohibiting Mr.
Tick from competing with us during his employment with us or disclosing any
confidential information of us both during his employment and after the
termination of employment. On January 24
 2010
 we and Mr. Tick entered into an
amendment No. 1 to the employment agreement
 pursuant to which
 effective
January 1
 2011
 Mr. Tick&#146;s monthly base salary is increased from $12
650 to
$16
000. On August 8
 2013
 we and Mr. Tick entered into an amendment No. 2 to
the employment agreement
 pursuant to which the expiration date of the agreement
was extended to June 30
 2014. 

 2010
 we and Mr. Tick also entered into a stock
option agreement under the Company&#146;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan. Pursuant to the
terms of the stock option agreement
 Mr. Tick was granted options to purchase an
aggregate 150
000 shares of common stock of the Company
 among which
 an option
to purchase 75
000 shares will be vested on December 31
 2011 with an exercise
price of $5.00 per share
 an option to purchase 75
000 shares will be vested on
December 31
 2012 with an exercise price of $7.00 per share. Each of the options
expires three years after its respective vesting date and in no event will the
options be exercised later than December 31
 2015. On January 24
 2011
 our
Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors approved the repricing of the
options that we granted to Mr. Tick on July 16
 2010. As a result
 each such
option outstanding has an exercise price of $3.50 per share which is higher than
the closing price of the Company&#146;s common stock on the OTC Bulletin Board on
that date (the &#147;Repricing&#148;). In addition
 the vesting schedules of the
outstanding options granted to Mr. Tick were changed from vesting on an annual
basis to vesting on a semi-annual basis. 

 2013
 we and Mr. Tick also entered into a stock
option agreement under the Company&#146;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan. Pursuant to the
terms of the stock option agreement
 Mr. Tick was granted options to purchase an
aggregate 75
000 shares of common stock of the Company
 among which
 an option
to purchase 37
500 shares will be vested on November 15
 2013 with an exercise
price of $0.83 per share
 an option to purchase 37
500 shares will be vested on
April 15
 2014 with an exercise price of $0.83 per share. Each of the options
expires three years after its respective vesting date and in no event will the
options be exercised later than April 15
 2017. 

 in the event Mr.
Tick&#146;s employment with us is terminated for any reason except for death or
disability
 he may exercise the options only to the extent that the options
would have been exercisable on the termination date and no later than three
months after the termination date. If Mr. Tick&#146;s employment is terminated
because of his death or disability
 the options may be exercised only to the
extent that such options would have been exercisable by 





Tick no later than twelve months after the termination date. If the employment
is terminated for Cause as defined in the stock option agreement
 the options
will terminate immediately. In no event will the options be exercised later than
December 31
 2015. 

 2010
 November 26
 2012 and August 8
 2013
 we also
entered into restricted shares grant agreements under the Company&#146;s 2009 Equity
Incentive Plan with Mr. Tick. Pursuant to the terms of the restricted shares
grant agreements
 we granted to Mr. Tick 150
000 restricted shares of our common
stock on July 16
 2010; 20
000 restricted shares of our common stock on November
26
 2012 and 75
000 restricted shares of our common stock on August 8
 2013
subject to the vesting schedule therein. If Mr. Tick&#146;s service with us ceases
for any reason other than Mr. Tick&#146;s (a) death
 (b) disability
 (c) retirement
or (d) termination by us without cause
 any nonvested restricted shares will be
automatically forfeited to us. 

are also subject to certain acceleration provisions provided in the stock option
agreement and the restricted shares grant agreement
 respectively. 

pension scheme in which all of our employees in China participate) or severance
or change of control benefits to our named executive officer.


fiscal 2013 year-end value of unvested options and restricted shares for Mr.
Robert Tick. No other executive officers received unexercised options or stock
that has not vested or equity incentive plan awards that remained outstanding as
of the end of the fiscal year 2013. 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 




      YEAR-END








    
    
    securities 
    underlying
    unexercised 
    options 
    (#) 

    
    securities 
    underlying
    unexercised 
    options 
    (#) 

    
    incentive 
    plan awards:
      
    Number of 
    securities 
    underlying
    unexercised
    unearned 

    
    exercise 
    price 

    
    expiration 

    
    shares or 
    units of
      
    sock that 
    have not 

    
    value of 
    shares or 
    units
      of 
    stock that 
    have not 

    
    incentive 
    plan awards:
      
    Number of 
    unearned 
    shares
 
    units or 
    other rights 
    that have 
    not vested 
    (#)

    
    incentive 
    plan awards:
      
    Market or 
    payout value 
    of unearned 
    shares
 units 
    or other 
    rights that 
    have
      not 
    vested ($) 

    


    
    
    
    



500

    

  

    











    
    
    
    

    











    
    
    
    

    











    
    
    
    

    











    
    
    
    









    
    









 2011
 the Compensation Committee approved the
repricing of the options that we granted to Mr. Tick on July 16
 2010. In
addition
 the vesting schedules of the outstanding options were changed from
vesting on an annual basis to vesting on a semi-annual basis. 

follows: 






style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
      
    Schedule
    
      
    Schedule
    
      
    Price per Share
    
      
    Price per Share














































































    




for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



      








    




    




    




    




    




    

    
    
    
    










    




    




    









    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    
    




    




    




    




    




    



    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    










    




    




    









    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    
    




    




    




    















    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    

 2012.
  
    
    

      service as our director. The compensation disclosed herein is her
      compensation for serving as our CEO and President as disclosed in the
      Summary Compensation Table above.
  
    
    

 2011 and ceased to be
      our director on November 26
 2012.
  
    
    

 2011. The compensation
      disclosed herein reflects the compensation Mr. Tick received as the Chief
      Financial Officer of our company.
  
    
    

      aggregate grant date fair values of Restricted Stock
 calculated in
      accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. These are not amounts paid to or
      realized by the respective directors.
  
    
    

      reflects the aggregate grant date fair value computed in accordance with
      FASB ASC Topic 718. These are not amounts paid to or realized by each of
      the relevant directors.

 2010
 we entered into separate independent
director contracts with each of Mr. Henry Ngan
 Ms. Virginia P&#146;an and Mr.
Jianbing Zhong. Pursuant to the director contracts
 we granted
 under our 2009
Equity Incentive Plan
 to Mr. Ngan 40
000 restricted shares of our common stock
Ms. P&#146;an 30
000 restricted shares and Mr. Zhong 20
000 restricted shares
 as
compensation for the services to be provided by them as independent directors.
On the same date
 we also entered into separate restricted shares grant
agreements with each of the above directors to evidence the grant of these
restricted shares. The restricted shares will vest in equal installments on a
semi-annual basis over a two-year period. 

 2011
 we entered into an independent director
contract with Mr. Kurtzig. Under the terms of the independent director contract
we agreed to grant
 under the Company&#146;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan
 to Mr.
Kurtzig 20
000 restricted shares of our common stock as compensation for the
services to be provided by him as a director of the Company. On the same date
we also entered into a restricted shares grant agreement with Mr. Kurtzig to
evidence the grant of the restricted shares. The restricted shares will vest in
equal installments on a semi-annual basis over a two-year period. 

 2011
 the Company entered into a restricted
shares grant agreement with Mr. Kurtzig
 whereby the Company agreed to grant
under the Company&#146;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan
 to Mr. Kurtzig 10
000 restricted
shares of the Company&#146;s common stock as compensation for the services to be
provided by him. 





 2012
 the Company entered into separate
restricted shares grant agreements with Mr. Henry Ngan
 Ms. Virginia P&#146;an
 Mr.
Jianbing Zhong
 and Mr. Richard E. Fearon
 Jr.
 whereby the Company agreed to
grant
 under the Company&#146;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan
 to Mr. Ngan 30
000
restricted shares of our common stock
 Ms. P&#146;an 30
000 restricted shares
 Mr.
Zhong 20
000 restricted shares and Mr. Fearon 20
000 restricted shares
 as
compensation for the services to be provided by them as independent directors.
On the same date
 we also entered into separate restricted shares grant
agreements with each of the above directors to evidence the grant of these
restricted shares. The restricted shares will vest in equal installments on a
semi-annual basis over a two-year period. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
ITEM 12.&nbsp;&nbsp;

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
    BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.


Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
Management


ownership of our common stock as of March 17
 2014 (i) by each person who is
known by us to beneficially own more than 5% of our voting securities; (ii) by
each of our officers and directors; and (iii) by all of our officers and
directors as a group. Unless otherwise specified
 the address of each of the
persons set forth below is in care of Nutrastar International Inc.
 4/F Yushan
Plaza
 51 Yushan Road
 Nangang District
 Harbin 150090
 People&#146;s Republic of
China. 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    of 
    Beneficial
      
    Owner 
Office
 If Any 









    Total 
    Voting 
    Power





    Class 




    Class 



  

    



249
424
    
    
    
    

    





    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    








309
181




750





    






























    













    
















    

028

    


    
    



      Holders







249
424








  

 Yushan Plaza
Harbin
 China 150090 
    
    
    
    
    
    

  

 Building A
      Oriental 
 Beijing

    
    
    


    
    

  

16 Wall Street
Floor Madison
 

    

260

    


    



  
    



249
424
    
    
    










style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    

      rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with
      respect to securities. For each beneficial owner above
 any options
      exercisable within 60 days have been included in the
denominator.
  
    
    
  
    
    

804
986 shares of common stock issued and
      outstanding as of March 17
 2014.
  
    
    
  
    
    

776 shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued
      and outstanding as of March 17
 2014. Each share of Series A Preferred
      Stock is convertible initially into ten (10) shares of common stock
      (subject to customary adjustments for stock splits
 combinations
 or
      equity dividends on common stock). Holders of Series A Preferred Stock
      vote with the holders of common stock on all matters on an &#147;as converted&#148;
      basis.
  
    
    
  
    
    

      ownership with respect to all shares of our common stock and Series A
      Preferred Stock
 as a single class and on an &#147;as-converted&#148; to common
      stock basis.
  
    
    
  
    
    

249
424 shares of common stock owned by New
      Zealand WAYNE&#146;s Investment Holdings Co.
 Ltd. Pursuant to the Earn-In
      Agreement
 dated September 12
 2008
 as amended
 the Founders
 including
      Ms. Han
 have the options to acquire a majority interest in New Zealand
      WAYNE&#146;s Investment Holdings Co.
 Ltd. upon the satisfaction of certain
      conditions set forth in the Earn-In Agreement. Upon the passage of six
      months after the date of Share Exchange Agreement
 which was entered into
      among the Company
 New Resources
 along with the subsidiaries of New
      Resources
 including Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin
      Shuaiyi
 and New Zealand WAYNE&#146;s Investment Holdings Co.
 Ltd.
 dated
      December 23
 2008
 Ms. Han will own at least a majority ownership of
      Investment Holdings if she exercises her option pursuant to the Earn-In
      Agreement. Ms. Han may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the shares
      held by Investment Holdings.
  
    
    
  
    
    

260
581 shares of common stock and 47
750
      shares of Series A Preferred Stock owned by Accretive Capital Partners
      LLC. Richard E. Fearon
 Jr. is the managing partner of Accretive Capital
      Management
 LLC
 which is the manager of Accretive Capital Partners
 LLC
      and he has sole voting and investment power over the securities held by
      Accretive Capital Partners
 LLC. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock is
      convertible at a conversion ratio of one-to-ten into shares of the
      Company's common stock.


 including any pledge by
any person of our securities
 the operation of which may at a subsequent date
result in a change in control of the Company. 




Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation
Plans 

fiscal year 2013 for each category of our equity compensation plan: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 





    style=BORDER-RIGHT: 1px solid #000000; BORDER-TOP: 1px solid #000000; BORDER-LEFT: 1px solid #000000; ; border-bottom-style:solid; border-bottom-width:1

    
    


    
    


    


    
    

    style=BORDER-RIGHT: 1px solid #000000; BORDER-TOP: 1px solid #000000; BORDER-LEFT: 1px solid #000000; ; border-bottom-style:solid; border-bottom-width:1

      remaining

      issuance
    
    
    
    




      approved by security holders

    style=BORDER-RIGHT: 1px solid #000000; BORDER-LEFT: 1px solid #000000; BORDER-BOTTOM: 1px solid #000000; ; border-top-style:solid; border-top-width:1
    vAlign=bottom align=center width=15%

000



    style=BORDER-RIGHT: 1px solid #000000; BORDER-LEFT: 1px solid #000000; BORDER-BOTTOM: 1px solid #000000; ; border-top-style:solid; border-top-width:1

000 






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid




    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid




    

    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid
    vAlign=bottom align=center width=15%

000



    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid

000
  

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    

 2009
 our Board of Directors authorized the
      establishment of the Company&#146;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan
 whereby we are
      authorized to issue shares of our common stock to certain employees
      consultants and directors. The maximum aggregate number of shares of our
      common stock that may be issued under the 2009 Equity Incentive Plan is
      1
000
000 shares. The Plan was approved by our shareholders on June 3
      2009. On July 23
 2012
 our Board of Directors authorized
 and on July 25
      2012
 the majority of the security holders approved the amendment to the
      Company&#146;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan
 under which the maximum aggregate
      number of shares of our common stock that may be issued has been increased
      to 2
500
000 shares.
  
    
    
  
    
    

 2010
 we granted Mr. Robert Tick options to
      purchase an aggregate 150
000 shares of common stock under the Company&#146;s
      2009 Equity Incentive Plan. On January 24
 2011
 the Compensation
      Committee of the Board approved the repricing of the options. As a result
      each such option outstanding has an exercise price of $3.50 per share
      which is higher than the closing price of the Company&#146;s common stock on
      the OTC Bulletin Board on that date. On August 8
 2013
 we granted Mr.
      Robert Tick options to purchase an aggregate 75
000 shares of common stock
      under the Company&#146;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan. Each such option
      outstanding has an exercise price of $0.83 per share which is higher than
      the closing price of the Company&#146;s common stock on the OTC Bulletin Board
      on that date.


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
    TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 



beginning of the 2013 fiscal year
 or any currently proposed transaction
 in
which we were or are to be a participant and the amount involved exceeded or
exceeds the lesser of $120
000 or one percent of the average of our total assets
at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years
 and in which any related
person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other than
compensation described under Item 11
 &#147;Executive Compensation&#148;). We believe the
terms obtained or consideration that we paid or received
 as applicable
 in
connection with the transactions described below were comparable to terms
available or the amounts that would be paid or received
 as applicable
 in
arm&#146;s-length transactions.

  

 2008
 Daqing Shuaiyi entered into a land lease agreement
  with Heilongjiang Shuaiyi Technology Development Co.
 Ltd
 a company
  controlled by the management
 pursuant to which Daqing Shuaiyi leased a land
  use right for 20 years over a 410
000 square meter tract on which it has nine
  factory buildings to grow and cultivate Cordyceps Militaris.
  

 2007
 Heilongjiang Shuaiyi entered into a loan agreement
  with its wholly-owned subsidiary
 Daqing Shuaiyi
 pursuant to which
  Heilongjiang Shuaiyi agreed to loan RMB 35 million (approximately $5.1
  million) to Daqing Shuiayi. The loan is non-interest bearing and unsecured.
  Daqing Shuaiyi is obligated under the loan agreement to pay off RMB 7 million
  (approximately $1 million) by October 30 each year starting from 2008. The
  loan agreement was modified in May 2011 to extend the maturity date of the
  loan until October 15
 2018. 





  

 2008
 the Shareholder entered into separate Earn-In
  Agreements with the Founders of Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 including our
  chairperson and chief executive officer
 Lianyun Han. Pursuant to the Earn-In
  Agreements
 each Founder has an option to purchase shares of the Shareholder&#146;s
  ordinary shares at a purchase price of $0.01 per share (the par value of the
  Shareholder&#146;s ordinary shares)
that the aggregate price with
  respect to the shares eligible to be purchased relating to the satisfaction of
  condition (4) below is the sum of $0.01 per share
 multiplied the number of
  such shares
 plus $1
000
 upon the satisfaction of each of the following
  conditions: (1) six months have expired since the date of the Share Exchange
  Agreement
that on or before that date
 the Founder and
  Heilongjiang Shuaiyi have entered into a binding employment agreement and the
  Founder is employed by Heilongjiang Shuaiyi pursuant to that agreement on such
  date; (2) the SEC has declared a registration statement filed by the Company
  under the Securities Act effective
 or investors who purchased common stock
  from the Company pursuant to a securities purchase agreement being able to
  sell their common stock under Rule 144; (3) Heilongjiang Shuaiyi and its
  subsidiaries have achieved not less than $1
560
000 in after-tax net income
  as determined under US GAAP for the six months ended June 2009; and (4)
  Heilongjiang Shuaiyi has achieved not less than $3
900
000 in pre-tax profits
  as determined under US GAAP for the fiscal year ending 2009. Notwithstanding
  the foregoing
 for purposes of determining whether or not the financial
  thresholds described above have been achieved
 the purchase of the shares by
  the Founder or any other person designated by the Founder shall not be deemed
  to be an expense
 charge
 or other deduction from revenues of the Company even
  though GAAP may require contrary treatment. Each Founder may purchase 25% of
  the total number of shares that he or she is eligible to purchase under his or
  her Earn-In Agreement upon the satisfaction of each condition described above
  and the aggregate number of shares eligible for purchase by all of the
  Founders under the Earn-In Agreements is 100
000. On February 12
 2009
 each
  Founder and the Shareholder entered into the First Amendment to amend the
  definition of the first condition. As a result
 pursuant to the First
  Amendment
 in order to satisfy the first condition for each Founder
 only Ms.
  Lianyun Han needs to enter into a binding employment agreement with
  Heilongjiang Shuaiyi within six months after the date of the Share Exchange
  Agreement.
  

 2011
 Heilongjiang Shuaiyi entered into an asset transfer
  agreement
 or the Transfer Agreement
 with Ms. Han. Pursuant to the Transfer
  Agreement
 Heilongjiang Shuiayi acquired an office building located at 54-1
  Ganshui Road
 Xiangfang District
 Harbin
 with a construction area of 1854.1
  square meters
 from Ms. Han at a cash consideration of RMB 12.75 million
  (approximately $1.95 million including other incidental costs). 
 which was
  fully paid in April 2011. The purchase price was determined based on a real
  property valuation report issued by an independent appraisal firm
 Harbin
  Guoxin Real Estate Appraisal and Consulting Co.
 Limited on November 11
 2010.
  Management believes the terms of the purchase transaction and the
  consideration that the Company paid in connection with this transaction were
  comparable to the terms available and the amounts that would be paid in an
  arm&#146;s-length transaction.
  

 2011
 Heilongjiang Shuaiyi entered into a loan agreement with
  its wholly-owned subsidiary
 Daqing Shuaiyi
 pursuant to which Heilongjiang
  Shuaiyi agreed to loan RMB 9.5 million (approximately $1.5 million) to Daqing
  Shuiayi. The loan is non-interest bearing and unsecured. Daqing Shuaiyi is
  obligated under the loan agreement to pay off RMB 1.9 million (approximately
  $0.3 million) by May 31 each year starting from 2012. The loan matures on May
  31
 2016. 

 none of our
directors
 director nominees or executive officers has been involved in any
transactions with us or any of our directors
 executive officers
 affiliates or
associates which are required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules and
regulations of the SEC.


fiscal years.


 Ltd. currently
owns 46.92% of Nutrastar International Inc.


 Virginia P&#146;an
 Jianbing Zhong and Richard E.
Fearon
 Jr. each serves on our Board of Directors as an &#147;independent director&#148;
as defined by Rule 5605(a)(2) of Listing Rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market
 Inc.
(the &#147;Nasdaq Listing Rules&#148;). Our Board of Directors currently has three
standing committees which perform various duties on behalf of and report to the board of directors: (i) audit committee
 (ii)
compensation committee and (iii) governance and nominating committee. Each of
the three standing committees is comprised entirely of Henry Ngan
 Virginia P&#146;an
and Jianbing Zhong.






style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND
    SERVICES. 



the Company for professional audit services rendered by the Company&#146;s
independent public accountants
 Crowe Horwath (HK) CPA Limited. 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    




    




    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

000



    

000




    
    
    
    
    


    

    


    




    



    




    




    

    















style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    

      accrued for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual
      financial statements and the reviews of the financial statements included
      in our Forms 10-Q and for any other services that were normally provided
      in connection with our statutory and regulatory filings or
    engagements.
  
    
    
  
    
    

      billed for professional services rendered for assurance and related
      services that were reasonably related to the performance of the audit or
      review of our financial statements and were not otherwise included in
      Audit Fees.


 all audit and non-audit
services performed by our auditors must be approved in advance by our Board of
Directors or the Audit Committee to assure that such services do not impair the
auditors&#146; independence from us. In accordance with its policies and procedures
our Board of Directors pre-approved the audit services performed by our
independent public accountants for our consolidated financial statements as of
and for the year ended December 31
 2013. Our Board of Directors delegated its
pre-approval authority regarding the non-audited services to its Chair. The
Chair of our Board of Directors pre-approved the non-audit services performed by
our independent public accountants for our consolidated financial statements as
of and for the year ended December 31
 2013. 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT
    SCHEDULES. 



annual report on Form 10-K. Financial statement schedules have been omitted
since they are either not required
 not applicable
 or the information is
otherwise included. 


incorporated by reference: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    

    
    

      of Incorporation filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on May 19
 2009
      [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report
      on Form 8-K filed on May 26
 2009]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      with the Nevada Secretary of State on January 11
 2010 [Incorporated by
      reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
      on January 14
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      Series A Preferred Stock
 as filed with the Secretary of State of the
      State of Nevada
 May 27
 2010 [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to
      the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 3
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      adopted October 5
 2010 [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the
      Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 8
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      dated April 10
 2006
 between Runjiao Wang and Daqing Shuaiyi Biotech Co.
      Ltd. (English Translation) [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to
      the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 31
 2008].
  





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    

    
    

      New Energy Development Co.
 Ltd. Employment Agreement. (English
      Translation) [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company&#146;s
      Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 31
 2008]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      Employment Agreement
 dated August 18
 2009
 between Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
      New Energy Development Co.
 Ltd. and Hongbing Hua [Incorporated by
      reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K
      filed on August 21
 2009]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      amended on July 23
 2012) [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to
      the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 27
 2012]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      Agreement
 dated May 27
 2010
 by and among the Company and the investors
      named therein [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s
      Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 3
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

 by and
      between the Company and Robert Tick
 dated July 16
 2010 [Incorporated by
      reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K
      filed on July 20
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

 by and
      between the Company and Robert Tick
 dated July 16
 2010 [Incorporated by
      reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K
      filed on July 20
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      Agreement
 by and between the Company and Robert Tick
 dated July 16
 2010
      [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#146;s Current Report
      on Form 8-K filed on July 20
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      dated October 5
 2010
 by and between the Company and Henry Ngan
      [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report
      on Form 8-K filed on October 8
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      dated October 5
 2010
 by and between the Company and Virginia P&#146;an
      [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#146;s Current Report
      on Form 8-K filed on October 8
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      dated October 5
 2010
 by and between the Company and Jianbing Zhong
      [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#146;s Current Report
      on Form 8-K filed on October 8
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      dated October 5
 2010
 by and between the Company and Henry Ngan
      [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company&#146;s Current Report
      on Form 8-K filed on October 8
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      dated October 5
 2010
 by and between the Company and Virginia P&#146;an
      [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company&#146;s Current Report
      on Form 8-K filed on October 8
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      dated October 5
 2010
 by and between the Company and Jianbing Zhong
      [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company&#146;s Current Report
      on Form 8-K filed on October 8
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      Agreements
 dated October 5
 2010
 by and between the Company and Henry
      Ngan [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company&#146;s Current
      Report on Form 8-K filed on October 8
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      Agreements
 dated October 5
 2010
 by and between the Company and Virginia
      P&#146;an [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company&#146;s Current
      Report on Form 8-K filed on October 8
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      Agreements
 dated October 5
 2010
 by and between the Company and Jianbing
      Zhong [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company&#146;s Current
      Report on Form 8-K filed on October 8
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      dated October 5
 2010
 by and between the Company and Robert Tick
      [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company&#146;s Current
      Report on Form 8-K filed on October 8
 2010]. 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    

    
    

      Transfer Agreement
 by and between New Resources and the Founders
 dated
      October 22
 2010 [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
      Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 28
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      Technical Service Agreement
 by and between Harbin Baixin and Heilongjiang
      Shuaiyi
 dated October 22
 2010 [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2
      to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 28
 2010].
  
  
    
    
    

    
    

      Exclusive Purchase Option Agreement
 by and among Harbin Baixin
 the
      Founders and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 dated October 22
 2010. [Incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K
    filed on October 28
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      Rights Proxy Agreement
 by and among Harbin Baixin
 the Founders and
      Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 dated October 22
 2010 [Incorporated by reference to
      Exhibit 10.4 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October
      28
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      Pledge Agreement
 by and among Harbin Baixin
 the Founders and
      Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 dated October 22
 2010 [Incorporated by reference to
      Exhibit 10.5 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October
      28
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      Employment Agreement
 dated January 24
 2011
 by and between the Company
      and Robert Tick [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the
      Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 28
 2011]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

 dated May 1
      2010
 between Qingling Zhang and Xinjun Li (English Translation)
      [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.47 to the Company&#146;s Annual Report
      on Form 10-K filed on March 29
 2011]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

 by
      and between Heilongjiang Shuaiyi New Energy Development Co.
 Ltd. and
      Lianyun Han
 dated April 15
 2011 [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
      10.1 to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 12
      2011]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      Securities Purchase Agreement
 dated August 24
 2011
 by and between the
      Company and ARC China Investment Funds [Incorporated by reference to
      Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August
      25
 2011]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

 dated August
      24
 2011
 by and between the Company and ARC China Investment Funds
      [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#146;s Current Report
      on Form 8-K filed on August 25
 2011]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      dated November 26
 2012
 by and between the Company and Mr. Fearon.
      [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report
      on Form 8-K filed on November 29
 2012]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      dated November 26
 2012
 by and between the Company and Mr. Fearon.
      [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#146;s Current Report
      on Form 8-K filed on November 29
 2012]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      Agreement
 dated November 26
 2012
 by and between the Company and Mr.
      Fearon. [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#146;s
      Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 29
 2012]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      Ethics
 adopted October 5
 2010 [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1
      to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 8
 2010].
  
  
    
    
    

    
    

      [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21 to the Company&#146;s Annual Report on
      Form 10-K filed on March 29
 2011] 
  
    
    
    

    
    
Consent of Crowe Horwath (HK) CPA Limited
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.*

  
    
    
    

    
    
Certifications of Chief
      Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
      2002. * 
  
    
    
    

    
    
Certifications of Chief
      Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
      2002. * 
  
    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Chief
      Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
      2002. * 
  
    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Chief
      Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
      2002. * 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

      Linkbase Document 

    
    

    

    
    

      Linkbase Document 

    
    

      Document 







Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereto duly authorized . 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 




    
    



NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC.
    
  
    
    
    






    

    
    
    

    
    
    
  
    
    
    





    

    
    
    

    
    
    

 this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


    

    
  
    
    
    
    
    



    

 Chief Executive Officer and

    




    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    



    

 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

    




    
    


    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    


      Fearon

    
    
    






    
    
    
    







style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 



    
    




    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    






Nutrastar
International Inc. 

Nutrastar International Inc. (&#147;Company&#148;) and subsidiaries as of December 31
2013 and 2012 and the related consolidated statements of income and
comprehensive income
 stockholders&#146; equity and cash flows for each of the two
years in the period ended December 31
 2013. These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company&#146;s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 

Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform an audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company
is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of the
Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included
consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for
designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not
for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#146;s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such
opinion. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the
amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 the consolidated financial statements referred
to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated financial
position of the Company and subsidiaries as of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 and
the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for each of the two
years in the period ended December 31
 2013
 in conformity with U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles. 

 the consolidated financial statements
were prepared in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting
Standard Codification (ASC) Topic 810 and related subtopics related to the
consolidation of variable interest entities. 
Hong Kong
 China

March 26
 2014 




NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
(AMOUNTS EXPRESSED IN US
DOLLARS)

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 



    
    
December 31

    


    




    




    



    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    

599

    
    

526

    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    




300

    




321

    


    
    

647

    
    

895

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    

107

    
    

552

    



 plant and equipment





481

    




991

    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    




236

    




438

    


LIABILITIES AND
      STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
1
167

    
    
1
481

    


    
    

879

    
    

981

    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    




    




    


    




051

    




141

    


    




051

    




141

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 $0.001 par value
      1
000
000 shares authorized
 
    110
066 shares and 113
010 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively; 
    aggregate liquidation preference amount: $3
081
848 and $3
164
280
 
    plus accrued but unpaid dividend of $738
903 and $528
528
 
    at December 31
 2013 and 2012

    

510

    
    

577

    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 $0.001 par value
      190
000
000 shares authorized
&nbsp;
    16
421
161 shares issued and 16
377
606 shared outstanding at 
    December 31
2013; 15
907
381 shares issued and 15
863
826 shares 
    outstanding at December 31

    


    
    


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    

934

    
    

029

    


    
    

983

    
    

960

    



 at cost
 43
555
      shares as of December 31

    


    
    


    


    
    

242

    
    

325

    




    

576

    
    

467

    


    




185

    




297

    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


Total liabilities and stockholders'
      equity




236

    




438

    






CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
Year Ended
      December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    




348



    

771
176



  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    



633






742


  
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    



715






029



  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


    




    




    
    

848

    
    

658

    







216






102


  




    


    
    
    
    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    

585

    
    

267

    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


















    
    


    
    


    






    










    
    


    
    


    
















  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    







982






681



  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    







812






438


  
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    





170
370







242
711


  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    






    




    




    
    

109

    
    


    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
&nbsp;25
279
855
    
    
&nbsp;17
493
156
    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    


    



949






453





    
    

089

    
    

600










CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS&#146; EQUITY


style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    




    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 2012

    


    
    

371
206

    
    

957

    
    


    
    

180
280

    
    


    
    

076
552&nbsp;

    
    

167

    
    

216
567&nbsp;

    
    

017

    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

242

    
    
    
    
    

242

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

883

    
    

883

    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    


    
    

577

    
    

863

    
    


    
    

029

    
    


    
    

960

    
    

325

    
    

467

    
    

297

    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

170

    
    
    
    
    

170

    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

109

    
    

109

    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  



    


    
    

510
183

    
    

377

    
    


    
    

934
551

    
    


    
    

983
935&nbsp;

    
    

242

    
    

576
497&nbsp;

    
    

185









NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
(AMOUNTS
EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    




 
    

    




    




    






    




    




    
    

170

    
    

242

    






    




    






    
    
    
    


    




















    

473

    
    

235

    






    












    


    
    


    






    




    






    


    
    


    















  




    


    
    


    






    




    






    
    
    
    


    

























    





    








306







872



  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    






    




    






    
    
    
    


    














267











    





    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


    







  


    
    
    
    
    


    



























    




    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    




719

    





    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
    
    
27
072
653 
    
    
20
970
204 
    



 at





526







556



  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
      at the end of the year 




599
186 






526
533 


  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


    




    






    


    
    


    




















    


    
    


    


















    




    




    


    




683







179








NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    

incorporated in the State of Nevada on December 22
 2002. On December 23
 2008
the Company completed a reverse acquisition with New Zealand WAYNE&#146;S New
Resources Development Co.
 Ltd. (&#147;New Resources&#148;). As a result of the reverse
acquisition with New Resources
 the Company is no longer a shell company and
active business operations have been revived. Nutrastar together with its
subsidiaries and affiliates as described below are referred to as the &#147;Company&#148;.


 2009
 the Company filed Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation with the State of Nevada to amend the Company&#146;s
Articles of Incorporation to
 among other things
 (1) change the name of the
Company from &#147;YzApp International Inc.&#148; to &#147;Shuaiyi International New Resources
Development Inc.
&#148; (2) increase the total number of shares of common stock that
the Company has the authority to issue from 50
000
000 to 190
000
000 shares and
(3) effect a one for 114.59 reverse split of the Company&#146;s outstanding common
stock. 

 2010
 the Company filed a Certificate of
Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation with the State of Nevada
 pursuant to
which the Company further changed its name from Shuaiyi International New
Resources Development Inc. to Nutrastar International Inc. 

 2010
 New Resources
 a wholly-owned British
Virgin Islands subsidiary of the Company
 entered into an equity transfer
agreement with the original founders of Heilongjiang Shuaiyi (the &#147;Shuaiyi
Founders&#148;)
 pursuant to which New Resources transferred all of its equity
interests in Heilongjiang Shuaiyi New Energy Development Co.
 Ltd.
(&#147;Heilongjiang Shuaiyi&#148;)
 a then wholly-owned Chinese subsidiary of New
Resources
 to the Shuaiyi Founders (the &#147;Equity Transfer&#148;). 

 the Shuaiyi Founders
the Company&#146;s indirectly wholly-owned Chinese subsidiary incorporated on July
13
 2010
 Harbin Baixin Biotech Development Co.
 Ltd. (&#147;Harbin Baixin&#148;) and
Heilongjiang Shuaiyi entered into the following commercial arrangements (the
&#147;Contractual Arrangement&#148; and together with the Equity Transfer
 the
&#147;Restructuring&#148;)
 pursuant to which the Company has contractual rights to
control and operate the businesses of Heilongjiang Shuaiyi and Heilongjiang
Shuaiyi's two wholly-owned Chinese subsidiaries
 Daqing Shuaiyi Biotech Co.
Ltd. (&#147;Daqing Shuaiyi&#148;) and Harbin Shuaiyi Green &amp; Specialty Food Trading
LLC (&#147;Harbin Shuaiyi&#148; and together with Heilongjiang Shuaiyi and Daqing Shuaiyi
the &#147;VIEs&#148;): 

Pursuant to a technical service agreement
 entered into by and
between Harbin Baixin and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Harbin Baixin will provide
certain exclusive technical services to Heilongjiang Shuaiyi in exchange for the
payment by Heilongjiang Shuaiyi of a service fee that is calculated based on the
market price in light of the particulars of the service and the time of such
service provided by Harbin Baixin (the &#147;Service Agreement&#148;); 

Pursuant to an exclusive purchase option agreement
 entered
into by and among Harbin Baixin
 the Shuaiyi Founders and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
the Shuaiyi Founders granted to Harbin Baixin an option to purchase at any time
during the term of this agreement
 all or part of the equity interests in
Heilongjiang Shuaiyi (the &#147;Equity Interests&#148;)
 at the exercise price equal to
the lowest possible price permitted by Chinese laws (the &#147;Option Agreement&#148;); 




NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND ORGANIZATION
      (CONTINUED)

Pursuant to a voting rights proxy agreement
 entered into by
and among Harbin Baixin
 the Shuaiyi Founders and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 each of
the Shuaiyi Founders irrevocably entrusted Harbin Baixin and any entities or
individuals designated by Harbin Baixin to
 among others
 exercise its voting
rights and other rights as a shareholder of Heilongjiang Shuaiyi (the &#147;Voting
Rights Agreement&#148;); and 

Pursuant to an equity pledge agreement
 entered into by and
among Harbin Baixin
 the Shuaiyi Founders and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 the Founders
pledged all of the Equity Interests to Harbin Baixin to secure the full and
complete performance of the obligations and liabilities on the part of the
Shuaiyi Founders and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi under this and the above contractual
arrangements (the &#147;Pledge Agreement&#148; and together with the Service Agreement
the Option Agreement
 the Voting Rights Agreement and the Equity Transfer
Agreement
 the &#147;Restructuring Documents&#148;). 

 the Company transferred all
of its indirect equity interests in Heilongjiang Shuaiyi back to the Shuaiyi
Founders
 among whom
 Ms. Lianyun Han became a majority shareholder of
Heilongjiang Shuaiyi by owning a 68.3% equity interest in Heilongjiang Shuaiyi.
At the same time
 through the above contractual agreement
 the Company maintains
substantial control over the VIEs&#146; daily operations and financial affairs
election of their senior executives and all matters requiring shareholder
approval. As the primary beneficiary of the VIEs
 the Company is entitled to
consolidate the financial results of the VIEs in its own consolidated financial
statements under Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standard
Codification (ASC) Topic 810 and related subtopics related to the consolidation
of variable interest entities (collectively
 &#147;ASC Topic 810&#148;). 




NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND ORGANIZATION
      (CONTINUED)

 2013
 details of the subsidiaries and
affiliates of the Company are as follows: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    


    




    




    




    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


New Resources
      Development Co.
 Ltd

    

 
      13

    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    

    

 

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


Development Co.
      Ltd

    

      (&#147;PRC&#148;)
 

    
    

000

    
    
    
    
    

      technology research and development
 services and Cordyceps Militaris

    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



      
 Ltd 

    



    
    

000

    
    
    
    
    


    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    (&#147;Daqing

    

 

    
    

000

    
    
    
    
    

    Militaris
 which is widely used for Chinese medicine
 and functional

    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


Specialty Food
      Trading LLC. 

    

 

    
    

500

    
    
    
    
    


    




NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
      POLICES

These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the
financial statements of Nutrastar and its wholly owned subsidiaries
 New
Resources
 Oriental Global and Harbin Baixin
 and its VIEs Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi. All significant inter-company balances or
transactions have been eliminated on consolidation. 

Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi and based on the result of the
evaluation
 believes that these entities are variable interest entities and that
it is the primary beneficiary of these entities. Consequently
 the Company has
included the results of operations of these variable interest entities in the
consolidated financial statements. The Company&#146;s relationships with Heilongjiang
Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi are governed by a series of
contractual arrangements. Under PRC laws
 Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi
and Harbin Shuaiyi are independent legal persons and none of them is exposed to
liabilities incurred by the other parties. 

 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin
Shuaiyi are consolidated in the accompanying financial statements pursuant to
the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standard Codification (ASC)
Topic 810 and related subtopics related to the consolidation of variable
interest entities. The Company does not have any non-controlling interests in
net income and accordingly
 did not subtract any net income in calculating the
net income attributable to the Company. Because of the contractual arrangements
the Company had a pecuniary interest in the VIEs that require consolidation of
the Company&#146;s and the VIEs&#146; financial statements. 

The preparation of these consolidated financial statements in conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles requires the Company to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at
the date of these consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of
revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The Company bases its
estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are
believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Accordingly
 actual results
may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
Significant estimates for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 include the
useful lives of property and equipment and intangible assets
 assumptions used
in assessing impairment for long-term assets and the fair values of share-based
payments.




NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICES
      (CONTINUED)

Cash and cash equivalents consist of all cash balances and
highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less.
Because of the short maturity of these investments
 the carrying amounts
approximate their fair value. 

Accounts receivable is stated at cost
 net of an allowance for
doubtful accounts. The Company maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for
estimated losses resulting from the failure of customers to make required
payments. The Company reviews the accounts receivable on a periodic basis and
provides allowances where there is doubt as to the collectability of individual
balances. In evaluating the collectability of individual receivable balances
the Company considers many factors
 including the age of the balance
 the
customer&#146;s payment history
 its current credit-worthiness and current economic
trends. 

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost
 determined on a
weighted average basis
 or market. Costs of inventories include purchase and
related costs incurred in bringing the products to their present location and
condition. Market value is determined by reference to selling prices after the
balance sheet date or to management&#146;s estimates based on prevailing market
conditions. Management will write down the inventories to market value if it is
below cost. Management also regularly evaluates the composition of its
inventories to identify slow-moving and obsolete inventories to determine if a
valuation allowance is required. 


determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify
as embedded derivatives. For derivative instruments that are accounted for as
liabilities
 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value
and is then revalued at each reporting date
 with changes in the fair value
reported in the consolidated statements of income. For stock-based derivative
financial instruments
 the Company uses Monte-Carlo simulation methods to value
the derivative instruments at inception and on subsequent valuation dates. 
Property
 plant and equipment 
Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost less
accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses
 if any. Gains or
losses on disposals are reflected as gain or loss in the year of disposal. The
cost of improvements that extend the life of property
 plant and equipment are
capitalized. These capitalized costs may include structural improvements
equipment and fixtures. All ordinary repair and maintenance costs are expensed
as incurred. 

the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets as
follows: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    




    

    


    



    
    
    
    

    


    






NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICES
      (CONTINUED)

The Company&#146;s intangible assets include a ten-year exclusive
right to use a proprietary process and computer software. The Company&#146;s
amortization policy on intangible assets is as follows: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    




    

    


    



    
    
    



ASC Subtopic 350-30
 &#147;General Intangibles Other Than Goodwill&#148;. Under ASC
350-30-35
 intangibles with definite lives continue to be amortized on a
straight-line basis over the lesser of their estimated useful lives or
contractual terms. Under FASB ASU No.2012-02 Intangible-Goodwill and Other(Topic
350)
 the Company assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is
necessary to perform a quantitative impairment test. The Company would not be
required to calculate the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset
unless the Company determines
 based on a qualitative assessment
 that it is not
more likely than not
 the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If the
qualitative assessment fails
 intangibles with indefinite lives are further
evaluated quantitatively for impairment by comparing the asset&#146;s estimated fair
value with its carrying value
 based on cash flow methodology. 

The Company reviews and evaluates its long-lived assets for
impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related
carrying amounts may not be recoverable. An impairment is considered to exist if
the total estimated future cash flows on an undiscounted basis are less than the
carrying amount of the assets
 including goodwill
 if any. An impairment loss is
measured and recorded based on discounted estimated future cash flows. In
estimating future cash flows
 assets are grouped at the lowest level for which
there is identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of future cash
flows from other asset groups. 

Revenue is recognized when the following four revenue criteria
are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
the selling price is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is reasonably
assured. 

related taxes
 sales discounts and returns at the time when the merchandise is
delivered to the customer. Based on historical experience
 management estimates
that sales returns are immaterial and has not recorded an allowance for
estimated sales returns. 

The Company accounts for share-based compensation awards to
employees in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718
 &#147;Compensation &#150; Stock
Compensation&#148;
 which requires that share-based payment transactions with
employees be measured based on the grant-date fair value of the equity
instrument issued and recognized as compensation expense over the requisite
service period. 

non-employees in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718 and FASB ASC Subtopic
505-50
 &#147;Equity-Based Payments to Non-employees&#148;. Under FASB ASC Topic 718 and
FASB ASC Subtopic 505-50
 stock compensation granted to non-employees has been
determined as the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of
equity instrument issued
 whichever is more reliably measured and is recognized
as expenses as the goods or services are received. 




NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICES
      (CONTINUED)

The Company is subject to income taxes in the United States and
other foreign jurisdictions where it operates. The Company accounts for income
taxes in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 740
 &#147;Income Taxes&#148;. FASB ASC Topic 740
requires an asset and liability approach for financial accounting and reporting
for income taxes and allows recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets
based upon the likelihood of realization of tax benefits in future years. Under
the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes are provided for the net tax
effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax
purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is
more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able
to realize their benefits
 or that future deductibility is uncertain. 

the Internal Revenue Service (&#147;IRS&#148;) and other tax authorities in the locations
where it operates. The Company assesses potentially unfavorable outcomes of such
examinations based on the criteria of FASB ASC 740-10-25-5 through 740-10-25-7
and 740-10-25-13 (formerly FASB Interpretation No. 48 (&#147;FIN 48&#148;) &#147;Accounting for
Uncertainty in Income Taxes&#148;). The interpretation prescribes a
more-likely-than-not threshold for financial statement recognition and
measurement of a tax position taken (or expected to be taken) in a tax return.
This Interpretation also provides guidance on derecognition of income tax assets
and liabilities
 classification of current and deferred income tax assets and
liabilities
 accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax
positions
 accounting for income taxes in interim periods and income tax
disclosures. 

Research and development costs are expensed as incurred
 and
are charged to general and administrative expenses. Research and development
costs were $173
881 and $168
746 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
respectively. 

The Company expenses all advertising costs as incurred.
Advertising costs charged to selling expenses were $10
437 and $10
240 for the
years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. 

Substantially all costs of shipping and handling of products to
customers are included in selling expense. Shipping and handling costs for the
years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 were insignificant. 

FASB ASC Topic 220
 &#147;Comprehensive Income&#148;
 establishes
standards for reporting and displaying comprehensive income and its components
in the consolidated financial statements. Accumulated other comprehensive income
includes foreign currency translation adjustments. 




NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICES
      (CONTINUED)

The Company uses the United States dollar (&#147;US Dollar&#148; or &#147;US$&#148;
or &#147;$&#148;) for financial reporting purposes. The PRC subsidiaries and VIEs within
the Company maintain their books and records in their functional currency
Chinese Renminbi (&#147;RMB&#148;)
 being the lawful currency in the PRC. Assets and
liabilities of the PRC subsidiaries and VIEs are translated from RMB into US
Dollars using the applicable exchange rates prevailing at the balance sheet
date. Items on the statements of income and cash flows are translated at average
exchange rates during the reporting period. Equity accounts are translated at
historical rates. Adjustments resulting from the translation of the Company&#146;s
financial statements are recorded as accumulated other comprehensive income. 

Dollars for the purposes of preparing the consolidated financial statements are
based on the rates as published on the website of People&#146;s Bank of China and are
as follows: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 



    



    


 2012 



 except for equity

    
    
    


    
    
    
    

or could be
 converted into US Dollars at the above rates. The value of RMB
against US dollars and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by
 among
other things
 changes in China&#146;s political and economic conditions. Any
significant revaluation of RMB may materially affect the Company&#146;s financial
condition in terms of US Dollar reporting. 

The Company follows FASB ASC Topic 280
 &#147;Segment Reporting&#148;
which requires that companies disclose segment data based on how management
makes decisions about allocating resources to segments and evaluating their
performance. 

2013 and 2012
 it operated in three business segments &#150; growing and sales of
Cordyceps Militaris
 which is widely used for Chinese medicine
 manufacturing
and sale of functional health beverages featuring the Cordyceps Militaris as a
core ingredient
 and sales of organic and specialty products. The manufacturing
and sale of Cordyceps Militaris functional health beverages was launched in the
fourth quarter of 2010. 

 2013 and 2012
 all of
the Company&#146;s operations were carried out in one geographical segment - China.


The Company reports earnings per share in accordance with the
provisions of FASB ASC Topic 260
 Earnings per Share. FASB ASC Topic 260
requires presentation of basic and diluted earnings per share in conjunction
with the disclosure of the methodology used in computing such earnings per
share. Basic earnings per share excludes dilution and is computed by dividing
income available to common stockholders by the weighted average common shares
outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share takes into account the
potential dilution (using the treasury stock method) that could occur if
securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised and converted
into common stock. 




NOTES TO
For the Years Ended December 31
2013 and 2012 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICES
      (CONTINUED)

The Company follows FASB ASC Subtopic 450-20
 &#147;Loss
Contingencies&#148; in determining its accruals and disclosures with respect to loss
contingencies. Accordingly
 estimated losses from loss contingencies are accrued
by a charge to income when information available prior to issuance of the
financial statements indicates that it is probable that a liability could be
incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Legal expenses
associated with the contingency are expensed as incurred. If a loss contingency
is not probable or reasonably estimable
 disclosure of the loss contingency is
made in the financial statements when it is at least reasonably possible that a
material loss could be incurred. 

In March 2013
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board
(&#147;FASB&#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2013-05
 Foreign Currency
Matters
 (Topic 830): Parent's Accounting for the Cumulative Translation
Adjustment upon Derecognition of Certain Subsidiaries or Groups of Assets within
a Foreign Entity or of an Investment in a Foreign Entity (ASU 2013-05)
 to
resolve a diversity in accounting for the cumulative translation adjustment of
foreign currency upon derecognition of a foreign subsidiary or group of assets.
ASU 2013-05 requires the parent to apply the guidance in Subtopic 830-30 to
release any related cumulative translation adjustment into net income when a
reporting entity (parent) ceases to have a controlling financial interest in a
subsidiary or group of assets within a foreign entity. Accordingly
 the
cumulative translation adjustment should be released into net income only if the
sale or transfer results in the complete or substantially complete liquidation
of the foreign entity in which the subsidiary or group of assets had resided.
Further
 ASU 2013-05 clarified that the parent should apply the guidance in
subtopic 810-10 if there is a sale of an investment in a foreign entity
including both (1) events that result in the loss of a controlling financial
interest in a foreign entity and (2) events that result in an acquirer obtaining
control of an acquiree in which it held an equity interest immediately before
the acquisition date. Accordingly
 the cumulative translation adjustment should
be released into net income upon the occurrence of those events. ASU 2013-05 is
effective prospectively for the Company in our first quarter of fiscal 2014
with early adoption permitted. The Company does not expect ASU 2013-05 to have a
significant impact on its consolidated results of operations and financial
condition. 

 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No.
2013-11
 Income Taxes (Topic 740)(ASU 2013-11). The amendments in this update
provide guidance on the financial statement presentation of an unrecognized tax
benefit when a net operating loss carryforward
 similar tax loss
 or tax credit
carryforward exists. These amendments provide that an unrecognized tax benefit
or a portion thereof
 should be presented in the financial statements as a
reduction to a deferred tax asset for a net operating loss carryforward
 a
similar tax loss
 or a tax credit carryforward
 except to the extent that a net
operating loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss
 or a tax credit carryforward is
not available at the reporting date to settle any additional income taxes that
would result from disallowance of a tax position
 or the tax law does not
require the entity to use
 and the entity does not intend to use
 the deferred
tax asset for such purpose
 then the unrecognized tax benefit should be
presented as a liability. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal
years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December 15
2013. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect ASU 2013-11 to
have a significant impact on its consolidated results of operations and
financial condition. 

the FASB or other standards-setting bodies that do not require adoption until a
future date are not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#146;s
consolidated financial statements upon adoption. 




NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS AND FINANCIAL
      INSTRUMENTS

FASB ASC 320-12-65 (formerly SFAS No. 107
 &#147;Disclosures about Fair Value of
Financial Instruments&#148;). The estimated fair value amounts have been determined
by the Company
 using available market information or other appropriate
valuation methodologies. However
 considerable judgment is required in
interpreting market data to develop estimates of fair value. Consequently
 the
estimates are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that could be realized
or would be paid in a current market exchange. 

 Fair Value Measurement and Disclosures
 defines
fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to
transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous
market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants on the measurement date. This topic also establishes a fair value
hierarchy which requires classification based on observable and unobservable
inputs when measuring fair value. The fair value hierarchy distinguishes between
assumptions based on market data (observable inputs) and an entity&#146;s own
assumptions (unobservable inputs). The hierarchy consists of three levels: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    

active markets for identical assets or liabilities; 
  
    
    

than level one inputs that are either directly or indirectly observable; and 
  
    
    

which are developed by the reporting entity and reflect those assumptions that a
market participant would use. 


the hierarchy requires significant judgment. The Company evaluates its hierarchy
disclosures each quarter. 

a recurring basis includes cash and cash equivalents
 trade and other
receivables
 payables and derivative instruments &#150; warrants. 

 trade and
other receivables and payables approximate their fair values due to the short
maturities of these instruments. The carrying value of derivative instruments &#150;
warrants
 being classified as level 2 financial instruments
 was nil and $173 as
of December 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 respectively. 

non-recurring basis as of December 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012. 

 the Company
uses Monte-Carlo simulation methods to value the derivative instruments at
inception and on subsequent valuation dates. These stock-based derivative
financial statements
 including Series A Series B Warrants and Series C Warrants
expired on December 16
 2012 and June 28
 2013
 respectively (note 10). 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE
 NET



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    





    

    




    




    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    




    





    




    




    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Accounts receivable
 net




922
    




497



 2013 and
2012. 




NOTES TO
For the Years Ended December 31
2013 and 2012 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    





    

    




    




    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

498



    

207




    
    


    
    


    

    














  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




847






251



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
  



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    





    

    




    




    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    

271
672



    

310
112

    








    





    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




300
012
    




321
726



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET


 net consisted of the following: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    





    

    




    




    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    




    






 cost

    

922

    
    

774

    







816







224


  
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




107
737






552
022



 the Company purchased from a third party a
ten-year exclusive right to use a secret process and method in the cultivation
and growing of Cordyceps Militaris
 which is widely used for traditional
Chinese medicine
 for a cash consideration of RMB30
000
000
 payable over five
years. The exclusive right is amortized over its term of ten years using the
straight-line method. 

640 and $475
489 for the years
ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. The estimated expense of the
intangible assets over each of the next three years will be: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

304




    
    


    

    







  
    
    
    
    

    




107
737






NOTES TO
For the Years Ended December 31
2013 and 2012 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 NET
  

 plant and equipment
 net consisted of the following:


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    





    

    




    




    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

783

    
    

189

    

    
    


    
    


    

    
    


    
    


    

    





    





    

    
    

069

    
    

467

    







588

    




476

    

    




481
249
    




991
060
    

 2013 and
2012 was $988
856 and $759
979
 respectively. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
OTHER PAYABLES
 ACCRUALS AND TAXES
      PAYABLE


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    





    

    




    




    

    
    

086
644

    
    

427
792

    

    





    





    

    




167
957
    




481
198
    

 fringe
and social benefit accruals. According to the prevailing laws and regulations of
the PRC
 all eligible employees of the Company&#146;s subsidiaries and VIEs are
entitled to staff welfare benefits including medical care
 welfare subsidies
unemployment insurance and pension benefits through a PRC government-mandated
multi-employer defined contribution plan (&#147;social insurance&#148;). The Company&#146;s
subsidiaries and VIEs are required to: i) accrue the social insurance based on
certain percentages of the qualified employees&#146; salaries; and ii) make
contributions to the plans for the amounts accrued. For the past periods
 the
Company&#146;s subsidiaries and VIEs recorded the accrual amount but the actual
social insurance plan was not established to receive the contribution. The
recorded accruals for the social insurance reflected an estimate of the probable
liability incurred based on the information available at the date of each
financial statement. 

 the Company&#146;s
subsidiaries and VIEs began to contribute to the plans for all currently
eligible employees. Based on the number of eligible employees
 the qualified
employee&#146;s salaries and the prevailing laws and regulations of PRC at that time
the Company&#146;s subsidiaries and VIEs re-measured the liabilities incurred to be
$1
042
880. As a result
 the Company derecognized $934
855 of previously accrued
staff costs
 resulting in a gain on re-measurement of accrued staff fringe and
social benefits and recorded that amount in the income statement.


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    





    

    




    




    

    
    

340

    
    

525

    

    
    

316

    
    

120

    

    





    





    

    




879
172
    




981
136
    




NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    



 2009
 the Company completed a private placement
transaction and sold 1
000
000 shares of common stock to certain accredited
investors at $2.50 per share for a total of $2.5 million pursuant to a
securities purchase agreement. In addition
 the Company issued to each of the
investors two warrants to purchase in aggregate 500
000 shares of common stock
including a Series A warrant having a term of three years with an exercise price
of $3.25 per share and a Series B warrant having a term of three years with an
exercise price of $4.00 per share
 both of which are subject to the usual
adjustments for certain corporate events. 

 pursuant to the securities purchase agreement
 the
Shareholder agreed to place a total of 1
000
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common
stock held by it into escrow to secure the make good obligations described below
on behalf of the investors. Under the securities purchase agreement
 the
Shareholder agreed that: (i) in the event that the Company&#146;s consolidated
financial statements reflect less than $9
000
000 of after-tax income for the
fiscal year ended December 31
 2010
 it would transfer to the investors
 on a
pro rata basis
 for no additional consideration
 500
000 shares of common stock
owned by it; and (ii) in the event that the Company&#146;s consolidated financial
statements reflect less than $11
000
000 of after-tax net income for the fiscal
year ending December 31
 2011
 it would transfer to the investors
 on a pro rata
basis
 for no additional consideration
 500
000 shares of common stock owned by
it. The Company achieved the 2011 and 2010 performance threshold and no escrow
shares had been transferred to the investors. 

 2010
 the Company entered into a securities purchase
agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement) with certain investors
 pursuant
to which
 the Company agreed to issue and sell up to an aggregate of 250
000
units at a purchase price of $28.56 per unit
 for an aggregate purchase price of
up to $7
140
000 (the Aggregate Purchase Price). Each unit consists of (i) one
share of a newly designated series A preferred stock
 (Series A Preferred
Stock)
 with an initial one-to-ten conversion ratio convertible into shares of
the Company&#146;s common stock
 (Common Stock)
 and (ii) warrants to purchase five
shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $3.40 per share (Warrants
together with the shares of Series A Preferred Stock
 the Securities). In
addition
 the Company and the investors agreed
 that the placement agent of this
transaction
 will receive from the investors a fee equal to 2% of the Aggregate
Purchase Price and Warrants to purchase 2% of the aggregate number of shares of
Common Stock that shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be issued under the
Securities Purchase Agreement are convertible into. 

 the Company also
granted registration rights to holders of registrable securities
 which include
shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon conversion of shares of the
Series A Preferred Stock and shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of
the Warrants (the Registrable Securities). Holders holding a majority of the
Securities then outstanding may request the Company to file a registration
statement to register the Registrable Securities within a pre-defined period
(the Registration Statement). The Company may be subject to liquidated damages
in the amounts prescribed by the Securities Purchase Agreement if it is unable
to file the Registration Statement timely or maintain its effectiveness as
required by the Securities Purchase Agreement. 

 2010
 the Company effected the first closing of a
private placement transaction and issued approximately 123
403 units at a
purchase price of $28.56 per unit for gross proceeds of $3
524
342. 

 2010
 the Company effected the second closing of a
private placement transaction and issued approximately 74
303 units at a
purchase price of $28.56 per unit for gross proceeds of $2
121
938. 




NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
  


 a written
request was received from a holder holding a majority of Series A Preferred
Stock on July 14
 2010 and the Company filed the Registration Statement on
August 11
 2010. The Registration Statement was declared effective by the
Securities and Exchange Commission (&#147;SEC&#148;) on September 15
 2010. 

 2011
 the Board of Directors of the Company
authorized a repurchase of up to $5 million of the Company&#146;s common stock over
twelve months (the &#147;Repurchase Program&#148;). In connection with the adoption of the
Repurchase Program
 the Company entered into an amendment agreement (&#147;Amendment
No. 1&#148;) with the investors to amend the Securities Purchase Agreement.
Specifically
 under Amendment No. 1
 the Company may use the proceeds for
general corporate and working capital purposes and acquisition of assets
businesses or operations or for other purposes that the Board of Directors in
good faith deems to be in the best interest of the Company
 including the
repurchase or redemption of shares of the Company&#146;s capital stock. 

 2011
 the Company entered into a lock up
agreement with the investors
 pursuant to which the investors agreed not to
sell
 transfer or dispose of
 directly or indirectly
 any shares of Company
common stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable
for shares of Company common stock that it beneficially owns without a prior
written consent of the Company for a period of six months. 

894 and 4
661shares of its common
stock under the Repurchase Program at a weighted-average price of $1.78 and
$2.05 per share for an aggregate purchase cost of $69
214 and $9
553 for the
years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. The Repurchase Program
expired on August 24
 2012. 


the amount allocated to the convertible Series A Preferred Stock
 and the
effective conversion price has been used
 to measure the intrinsic value
 if
any
 of the embedded conversion option. The fair value of the embedded
conversion features of the Series A Preferred Stock of $1
143
198 and $644
532
were calculated using the intrinsic value model in accordance with the guidance
provided in ASC Topic 470-20-30-6 (formerly EITF 00-27
 &#147;Application of Issue
No. 98-5 to Certain Convertible Instruments&#148;) and limited to the amount of the
proceeds allocated to the convertible instrument on June 7
 2010 and June 28
2010
 respectively. The intrinsic value of the beneficial conversion feature was
calculated by comparing the effective conversion price
 which was determined
based on the proceeds from the private placement allocated to the convertible
Series A Preferred Stock
 and the market price of the Company&#146;s common stock of
$3.20 and $3.16 on June 7
 2010 and June 28
 2010
 respectively. The fair value
of $1
143
198 and $644
532 of the beneficial conversion feature has been
recognized as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible Series A
Preferred Stock and an addition to paid-in capital. 




NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
  

from the Private Placement: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 




      placement on June 7

    

524
342







    


    







143


  








143

    



      Preferred Stock (net of fees and expenses) at December 31

    

805
644












    



      Preferred Stock at December 31

    

720
098












    



      Preferred Stock at December 31





030



  

    
    
    
    



      placement on June 28

    

121
938







    


    









  









    



      Preferred Stock (net of fees and expenses) at December 31

    

703
270











052

    



      Preferred Stock at December 31

    

108












    



      Preferred Stock at December 31

    

618












    



      Preferred Stock at December 31












NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
  
Allocation of Proceeds in the Private Placement (continued)


 the discount on the
Series A Preferred Stock resulting from the accounting for a beneficial
conversion feature was amortized and charged to retained earnings
 because the
Series A Preferred Stock is immediately convertible upon issuance and has no
stated redemption date. Amortization of the discount resulting from the
accounting for a beneficial conversion feature is considered analogous to a
return to holders of perpetual preferred stock and has been accounted for as a
reduction to net income available to common stockholders for the purpose of
calculation of earnings per share. 


 without further action
by the shareholders
 to issue
 from time to time
 up to 1
000
000 shares of
preferred stock in one or more classes or series. Similarly
 the Board is
authorized to fix or alter the designations
 powers
 preferences and the number
of shares which constitute each such class or series of preferred stock. Such
designations
 powers or preferences may include
 without limitation
 dividend
rights (and whether dividends are cumulative)
 conversion rights
 if any
 voting
rights (including the number of votes
 if any
 per share)
 redemption rights
(including sinking fund provisions
 if any)
 and liquidation preferences of any
unissued shares or wholly unissued series of preferred stock. 

 2010
 the Company created
 from the authorized but
unissued shares of its preferred stock
 a series of preferred stock consisting
of 300
000 shares and has designated this series of preferred stock as the
Series A Preferred Stock of which the Company issued 197
706 shares upon the
closings of the private placement in 2010. 

Stock: 

Company&#146;s common stock
 but junior to all indebtedness of the Company. 

to a cumulative dividend at an annual rate of 6% of the Series A Preferred
Stock
 payable in additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock
 compounded
quarterly
 and payable upon the occurrence of a Liquidation Event
 Conversion
Mandatory Conversion or from time-to-time at the discretion of the Board. When
dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock are paid
 each such additional share
of Series A Preferred Stock shall be valued at the Original Series A Purchase
Price
 which may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to a split
 subdivision
combination or other similar events. 

optionally convertible into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock
at a conversion rate calculated by dividing (i) $28.00 per share plus any
declared
 accrued but unpaid dividends by (ii) the conversion price (the
&#147;Conversion Price&#148;)
 which is initially $2.80 per share
 subject to adjustment
as provided in the Certificate. Initially
 each share of Series A Preferred
Stock is convertible into 10 shares of Common Stock. 

Preferred Stock will automatically convert to shares of Common Stock
 subject to
the conversion restrictions set forth in the Certificate of Designation (the
Mandatory Conversion)
 at the earlier to occur of (i) the Company&#146;s shares of
Common Stock are listed on the New York Stock Exchange
 the NYSE Amex
 the
NASDAQ Global Market
 the NASDAQ Global Select Market or the NASDAQ Capital
Market (each
 a National Stock Exchange) and the registration statement on
Form S-1 or such other appropriate form promulgated by the SEC registering the
Common Stock underlying the Securities pursuant to the Securities Purchase
Agreement is declared effective by the Commission
 and (ii) 12 months from the
date that the Company's shares of Common Stock are first listed on a National
Stock Exchange. 




NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
  


additional stock without consideration or for consideration per share less than
the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to the issuance of such
additional stock
 then such Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such
issuance shall be adjusted to a price determined by multiplying such Conversion
Price by a fraction: 

immediately prior to the issuance of such additional stock plus (y) the number
of shares of Common Stock that the aggregate consideration received by the
Company for the total number of such additional stock so issued would purchase
at Conversion Price (divided by) (x) the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately prior to the issuance of such additional stock plus (y)
the number of shares of such additional stock so issued. 

on an as converted basis
 together with the Common Stock
 as a single class
in connection with any proposal submitted to the Company&#146;s stockholders
 except
as required by Nevada law. 

preference over the Company&#146;s common stock on the Company&#146;s liquidation
dissolution or winding up equal to $28 per share of the Series A Preferred Stock
plus any accrued but unpaid dividends thereon
 as of the date of liquidation.


have the right to request the Company to file a Registration Statement to
register &#147;Registrable Securities&#148; (which include the common stock into which the
Series A Preferred Stock and Warrants are convertible). Upon such request
 no
later than 30 days upon receipt of such request (the &#147;Required Filing Date&#148;) the
Company should use its commercially reasonable efforts to register the Common
Stock underlying the Registrable Securities and have the Registration Statement
declared effective by the SEC which is not later than the earlier of (x) 150
calendar days after the Required Filing Date
 or (y) if the Registration
Statement is not reviewed by the SEC
 5 business days after oral or written
notice to the Company or its counsel from the SEC that there will not be a
review. 

of Registration Statement &#150; the Company shall pay to each holder of Registrable
Securities an amount in cash equal to 1% of the aggregate purchase price of the
Securities owned by such holder as liquidated damages
 but in no event shall
liquidated damages exceed 8% of the Purchase Price. 


Stock and determined that the Series A Preferred Stock
 without embodying an
obligation for the Company to repurchase or to settle by transferring assets
 is
not a liability in accordance with the guidance provided in ASC Topic 480
Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 

 the Series A Preferred Stock has no redemption clause at
all
 it is not a mezzanine equity (out of permanent equity) in accordance with
the requirement of ASC 480-10-S99. 

(except on liquidation) and the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are
entitled to vote together with common stock holders on an as-converted basis.
The Series A Preferred Stock
 excluding the embedded conversion option
 are
considered to be an equity instrument and accordingly
 the embedded conversion
option has not been separated and accounted for as a derivative instrument
liability. 




NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
  


 2013 and 2012
 2
944 shares
and 34
810 respectively
 of Series A Preferred Stock were converted into 29
440
shares and 348
100 shares of common stock
 respectively
 at a 1 for 10 ratio. In
addition
 during the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 6
840 shares and
34
150 shares of common stock were issued to the investors as settlement of
stock dividends of $19
138 and $ 201
705
 respectively. 



Stock
 the Company issued Series C Warrants to the investors and the placement
agent to purchase up to 592
327 and 24
681 shares
 respectively
 of common stock
on June 7
 2010 and 356
634 and 14
859 shares
 respectively
 on June 28
 2010
respectively
 all at an exercise price of $3.40 per share issued and
outstanding. The Series C Warrants have a term of exercise expiring 3 years from
the issuance date. The Series C Warrants at the option of the holder
 may be
exercised by cash payment of the exercise price or
 the holder may acquire the
underlying shares of common stock through a cashless exercise. 

extent that the Series C Warrants are exercised by cashless exercise. 

issuable upon exercise of the Series C Warrants may be adjusted : 1) upon
issuance of additional stock lower than the exercise price. 2) upon subdivision
or combination of common stocks; or 3) upon distribution of assets and other
dilutive events. 
Accounting for Series A
 Series B and Series C Warrants


December 17
 2009 to purchase 500
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock had a
term of three years and exercise prices of $3.25 and $4.00 per share
respectively. These warrants contain standard anti-dilution provisions for stock
dividends
 stock splits
 stock combination
 recapitalization and a change of
control transaction. Because these warrants do not contain any contingent
exercise provisions and their settlement amount will equal the difference
between the fair value of a fixed number of the Company&#146;s equity shares and a
fixed strike price
 these warrants
 which are freestanding instruments
 qualify
for the scope exception under the guidance provided in ASC 815-40-15-5 through
815-40-15-8
 and are considered indexed to the Company&#146;s own stock. Accordingly
Series A and Series B Warrants have been classified as equity. Series A and
Series B Warrants expired on December 16
 2012. (Note 3) 

placement agent in June 2010 contain reset exercise price provisions
 the
Company had determined to classify these warrants as derivative liabilities. The
reset exercise provisions of the warrants issued to the investors and the
placement agent in June 2010 were recorded at their relative fair values at
issuance of $1
182
860 and would continue to be recorded at fair market value at
each subsequent balance sheet date
 Any change in value between reporting
periods would be recorded as other income (expense). These warrants would
continue to be reported as a liability until such time when they were exercised
or expire. The fair value of these warrants was estimated using Monte-Carlo
simulation methods. All Series C Warrants expired on June 28
 2013. (Note 3)





NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
  
Accounting for Series A
 Series B and Series C Warrants
(continued) 

 2013
 the fair value of these outstanding
Series C Warrants was determined to be nil
 accordingly
 the Company recorded
$173 and $144
238 in other income related to the change in the fair value of the
Series C Warrants during the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
respectively. There is no cash flow impact for the warrant liability until the
Series C Warrants are exercised. 

liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using Level 2 from
January 1
 2012 to December 31
 2013: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    




    


 2012

    

411




    
    


    


 2012



    



    




    


 2013









 2010
 the Company entered into an investor relations
agreement with a consultant in which the consultant would provide certain
consulting services to the Company for a term of one year. In exchange for the
consulting services provided
 the consultant should receive (i) a cash fee of
$100
000 and (ii) 100
000 warrants (the &#147;IR Warrants&#148;) at an exercise price of
$3.80 and a term of three years from issuance date. The above 100
000 IR
Warrants were issued on July 1
 2010. The grant date fair value of these IR
warrants was estimated at $89
435 using the Black-Scholes valuation model and
$nil were charged as general and administrative expenses during the years ended
December 31
 2013 and 2012. Series IR Warrants expired on June 7
 2013. 

 2013
 and
changes during the two years then ended
 are as follows: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




    




    




    



 January 1




588



    
    




    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    






    
    




    
    


    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    







088



    
    




    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    



088



    
    




    
    


    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    


Outstanding at December
      31
 2013








-





    
    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


Exercisable at December 31
 2013




    
    
    
    
    
    






NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

 the Company&#146;s PRC
subsidiaries and VIEs were required to transfer 10% of their profits after tax
as determined in accordance with accounting standards and regulations of the
PRC
 to the statutory surplus reserve and a percentage of not less than 5%
 as
determined by management
 of the profits after tax to the public welfare fund.
However
 the Company&#146;s PRC subsidiaries and VIEs were not required to transfer
any profit after tax to the statutory surplus reserve after the accumulated
statutory surplus reserves reached 50% of registered capital of the Company&#146;s
PRC subsidiaries and VIEs. With the amendment of the PRC Companies Law which was
effective from January 1
 2006
 enterprises in the PRC were no longer required
to transfer any profit to the public welfare fund. Any balance of the public
welfare fund brought forward from December 31
 2005 should be transferred to the
statutory surplus reserve. The statutory surplus reserve is non-distributable.


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


500
000
shares of its common stock under the 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (&#147;Plan&#148;) as
equity awards of incentive stock options
 non-statutory stock options
restricted stock
 and other equity incentives to employees
 officers
 directors
and consultants. The Plan expires in 2019 and as of December 31
 2013
 there
were 555
000 shares of common stock available for grant pursuant to the Plan.



 2010
 the Company entered into a stock option
agreement with Mr. Robert Tick (&#147;Mr. Tick&#148;)
 the Chief Financial Officer of the
Company
 under the Company&#146;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan. Pursuant to the terms
of the stock option agreement
 Mr. Tick was granted options to purchase an
aggregate of 150
000 shares of common stock of the Company
 consisting of
 an
option to purchase 75
000 shares that would vest in 2011 with an exercise price
of $5.00 per share
 and an option to purchase 75
000 shares that would vest in
2012 with an exercise price of $7.00 per share. Each of these options expires
three years after their respective vesting dates. 

 in the event Mr.
Tick&#146;s employment with the Company is terminated for any reason except for death
or disability
 he may exercise these options only to the extent that these
options would have been exercisable on the termination date and no later than
three months after the termination date. If Mr. Tick&#146;s employment is terminated
because of his death or disability
 these options may be exercised only to the
extent that these options would have been exercisable by Mr. Tick on the
termination date and must be exercised by Mr. Tick no later than twelve months
after the termination date. If the employment is terminated for Cause as defined
in the stock option Agreement
 these options will terminate immediately. In no
event will these options be exercised later than December 31
 2015. 

 2011
 the Compensation Committee of the Board
approved the repricing of the options that the Company granted to Mr. Tick on
July 16
 2010. As a result
 each such option outstanding had an exercise price
of $3.50 per share which was higher than the closing price of the Company&#146;s
common stock on the OTC Bulletin Board on the date of repricing. In addition
the vesting schedules of the outstanding options granted to Mr. Tick were
changed from vesting on an annual basis to vesting on a semi-annual basis. 

 2013
 the Company entered into a stock option
agreement with Mr. Tick
 under the Company&#146;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan.
Pursuant to the terms of the stock option agreement
 Mr. Tick was granted
options to purchase an aggregate of 75
000 shares of common stock of the
Company
 consisting of
 an option to purchase 37
500 shares that would vest in
2013 with an exercise price of $0.83 per share
 and an option to purchase 37
500
shares that will vest in 2014 with an exercise price of $0.83 per share. Each of






NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
  


Stock Compensation
 the compensation costs associated with these options are
recognized
 based on the grant-date fair values of these options
 over the
requisite service period
 or vesting period. Also in accordance with ASC Topic
718
 incremental compensation cost is measured as the excess
 if any
 of the
fair value of the modified award over the fair value of the original award
immediately before its terms are modified. The fair value of the option award
was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option valuation
model. The valuation was based on the assumptions noted in the following table.


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

2013 and the movements during the two years then ended are as follows: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




    




    




    




    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    










    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


    




    




    




    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    








    




    




    
    




    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    






    
    










    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


    




    




    




    
    


    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




























    









    




    





    




    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    

      represents the total pre-tax intrinsic value that would have been realized
      by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options on
      December 31
 2013. The intrinsic value of a stock option is the excess of
      the Company&#146;s closing stock price on December 31
 2013 at $2.12 per share
      over the exercise price $0.83 per share
 multiplied by the number of
      shares subject to the option..

 the Company recognized compensation expense of
$10
179 and $88
251 in relation to the options granted to Mr. Tick for the two
years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. 




NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
  


 2010
 the Company also entered into a restricted
shares grant agreement (the Restricted Shares Grant Agreement) under the
Company&#146;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan with Mr. Tick. Pursuant to the terms of the
Restricted Shares Grant Agreement
 the Company granted to Mr. Tick 150
000
restricted shares (the &#147;Restricted Shares&#148;) of the Company&#146;s common stock
subject to the vesting schedule therein. If Mr. Tick&#146;s service with the Company
ceases for any reason other than Mr. Tick&#146;s (a) death
 (b) disability
 (c)
retirement
 or (d) termination by the Company without cause
 any unvested
restricted shares will be automatically forfeited to the Company. 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    




 2010 




 2011 




 2011 




 2012 




 2012 




 2013 

 2012
 the Company also entered into a
restricted shares grant agreement (the Second Restricted Shares Grant
Agreement) under the Company&#146;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan with Mr. Tick.
Pursuant to the terms of the Second Restricted Shares Grant Agreement
 the
Company granted to Mr. Tick 20
000 restricted shares (the &#147;Restricted Shares&#148;)
of the Company&#146;s common stock subject to the vesting schedule therein. If Mr.
Tick&#146;s service with the Company ceases for any reason other than Mr. Tick&#146;s (a)
death
 (b) disability
 (c) retirement
 or (d) termination by the Company without
cause
 any unvested restricted shares will be automatically forfeited to the
Company. The Second Restricted Shares vested immediately upon grant
 on November
26
 2012 

 2013
 the Company entered into a restricted shares
grant agreement (the Third Restricted Shares Grant Agreement) under the
Company&#146;s Plan with Mr. Tick. Pursuant to the terms of the Third Restricted
Shares Grant Agreement
 the Company granted to Mr. Tick 75
000 restricted shares
(the &#147;Restricted Shares&#148;) of the Company&#146;s common stock subject to the vesting
schedule therein. If Mr. Tick&#146;s service with the Company ceases for any reason
other than Mr. Tick&#146;s (a) death
 (b) disability
 (c) retirement
 or (d)
termination by the Company without cause
 any unvested restricted shares will be
automatically forfeited to the Company. The Third Restricted Shares vest under
the following schedule: 37
500 shares vest on November 15
 2013 and 37
500
shares vest on April 15
 2014. 

service conditions that has a graded vesting schedule on a straight-line basis
over the requisite service period for the entire award
 provided that the
compensation cost recognized at any date must at least equal the portion of the
grant-date value of the award that is vested at that date. No compensation cost
is recognized for instruments that are forfeited by the Company because a
service condition or a performance condition is not satisfied. 




NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
  


 the Company recognized compensation expense of
$111
771 and $172
583
 related to the restricted shares granted to Mr. Tick for
the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 based on the estimated
grant-date fair value of the Company&#146;s common stock of $0.83 on August 8
 2013
$1.15 on November 26
 2012 and $3.00 on July 16
 2010
 respectively. 


 2012
 the Company also entered into nine
restricted shares grant agreements (the Restricted Shares Grant Agreement)
under the Company&#146;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan with nine employees. Pursuant to
the terms of the Restricted Shares Grant Agreements
 the Company granted to
these employees a total of 360
000 restricted shares (the &#147;Restricted Shares&#148;)
of the Company&#146;s common stock subject to the vesting schedule therein. If these
employees&#146; service with the Company ceases for any reason other than these
employees&#146; (a) death
 (b) disability
 (c) retirement
 or (d) termination by the
Company without cause
 any unvested restricted shares will be automatically
forfeited to the Company. The Restricted Shares vested immediately upon grant
on November 12
 2012

 2013
 the Company entered into a restricted
shares grant agreement (the &#147;Restricted Shares Grant Agreement&#148;) under the
Company&#146;s Plans with eight employees. Pursuant to the terms of the Restricted
Shares Grant Agreement
 the Company granted to these employees a total of
350
000 restricted shares to the Company&#146;s common stock subject to the vesting
schedule therein. If these employees&#146; service with the Company ceases for any
reason other than these employees&#146; (a) death
 (b) disability
 (c) retirement
 or
(d) termination by the Company without cause
 any unvested restricted shares
will be automatically forfeited to the Company. The Restricted Shares vested
immediately upon grant
 on November 15
 2013. 

service conditions that has a graded vesting schedule on a straight-line basis
over the requisite service period for the entire award
 provided that the
compensation cost recognized at any date must at least equal the portion of the
grant-date value of the award that is vested at that date. No compensation cost
is recognized for instruments that are forfeited by the Company because a
service condition or a performance condition is not satisfied. 

 the Company recognized compensation expense of
$612
500 and $414
000
 related to the restricted shares granted to these
employees for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 based on
the estimated grant-date fair value of the Company&#146;s common stock of $1.75 on
November 15
 2013 and $1.15 on November 12
 2012. 


 2010
 the Company entered into separate
restricted shares grant agreements with the Company&#146;s newly elected independent
directors Mr. Henry Ngan
 Ms. Virginia P&#146;an and Mr. Jianbing Zhong. Pursuant the
agreements
 the Company granted
 under the Company&#146;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan
to Mr. Ngan 40
000 restricted shares of the Company&#146;s common stock
 Ms. P&#146;an
30
000 restricted shares and Mr. Zhong 20
000 restricted shares
 as compensation
for the services to be provided by them as independent directors. 

 2012
 the Company entered into separate
restricted shares grant agreements with the Company&#146;s independent directors Mr.
Henry Ngan
 Ms. Virginia P&#146;an
 Mr. Jianbing Zhong and Mr. Richard E. Fearon
 Jr.
Pursuant the agreements
 the Company granted
 under the Company&#146;s 2009 Equity
Incentive Plan
 to Mr. Ngan 30
000 restricted shares of the Company&#146;s common
stock
 Ms. P&#146;an 30
000 restricted shares
 Mr. Zhong 20
000 restricted shares and
to Mr. Fearon
 Jr. 20
000 restricted shares
 as compensation for the services to
be provided by them as independent directors. 




NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
  
Restricted shares granted to independent directors
(continued) 

 2011
 the Company entered into an independent
director contract and an indemnification agreement with Mr. Kurtzig
 whereby the
Company agreed to grant
 under the Company&#146;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan
 to Mr.
Kurtzig 20
000 restricted shares of the Company&#146;s common stock as compensation
for the services to be provided by him and indemnify Mr. Kurtzig against
expenses
 judgments
 fines
 penalties or other amounts actually and reasonably
incurred by Mr. Kurtzig in connection with any proceeding if Mr. Kurtzig acted
in good faith and in the best interests of the Company. 

 2011
 the Company entered into a restricted
shares grant agreement with Mr. Kurtzig
 whereby the Company agreed to grant
under the Company&#146;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan
 to Mr. Kurtzig 10
000 restricted
shares of the Company&#146;s common stock as compensation for the services to be
provided by him. 

vest in equal installments on a semi-annual basis over a two-year period. If the
independent director&#146;s service with the Company ceases for any reason other than
the independent director&#146;s (a) death
 (b) disability
 (c) retirement
 or (d)
termination by the Company without cause
 any unvested restricted shares will be
automatically forfeited to the Company. On November 26
 2012
 Mr. Kurtzig
resigned as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company. As a result
 the
5
000 unvested restricted shares have been automatically forfeited to the
Company. 

 the Company recognized a total compensation
expense of $66
946 and $134
830 related to the restricted shares granted to the
directors for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 based on
the estimated grant-date fair values of the Company&#146;s common stock of $2.98 on
October 5
 2010
 $3.28 on January 24
 2011 and $2.41 on August 11
 2011 and
$1.15 on November 26
 2012. 


 2012
 the Company entered into an investor
relations agreement (the &#147;Agreement&#148;) under the Company&#146;s Plans with a
consultant. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement
 the Company would grant a
total of 35
000 restricted shares to the Company&#146;s investor relations consultant
for consulting services provided by the consultant during the period August 2012
to May 2013. The Company granted 25
000 of which on October 9
 2012 and granted
another 10
000 restricted shares on December 3
 2012. The Company recognized
total compensation expense of $45
000 and $nil related to the restricted shares
granted to the consultant during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
respectively
 based on the estimated grant-date fair values of the Company&#146;s
common stock of $1.30 on October 9
 2012 and $1.25 on December 3
 2012. 

 2013
 the Company entered into an investor
relations agreement (the &#147;Agreement&#148;) under the Company&#146;s Plans with a
consultant. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement
 the Company would grant a
total of 25
000 restricted shares to the Company&#146;s investor relations consultant
for consulting services provided by the consultant during the period August 2013
to June 2014. The Company issued 15
000 shares on September 16
 2013 (vesting
date) and will issue another 10
000 restricted shares on Jan 1
 2014. The
Company recognized total compensation expense of $17
804 in the year ended
December 31
 2013
 based on the fair values of the Company&#146;s common stock of
US$1.05 on September 16
 2013 for the 15
000 shares issued and an estimated fair
value $2.12 for the 10
000 unregistered shares to be issued during the first
quarter of 2014 as of December 31
 2013. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

subject to PRC enterprise income tax (&#147;EIT&#148;). Before January 1
 2008
 the PRC
EIT rate was generally 33%. In March 2007
 the PRC government enacted a new PRC
Enterprise Income Tax Law
 or the New EIT Law
 and promulgated related
regulations
 Implementation Regulations for the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law.
The New EIT Law and Implementation Regulations became effective on January 1
2008. The New EIT Law
 among other things
 imposes a unified income tax rate of
25% for both domestic and foreign invested enterprises registered in the PRC.





NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


were granted under the then effective tax laws and regulations. Therefore
 one
of the Company's VIEs
 Daqing Shuaiyi
 being engaged in growing and sales of
organic and specialty food products
 continued to be entitled to a preferential
tax treatment: an EIT holiday for the two years ended December 31
 2006 and 2007
and a 50% reduction on the EIT rate for the three years ended December 31
 2008
2009 and 2010. 

 Harbin Shuayi and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi are
subject to an EIT rate of 25% for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012. No
provision for PRC taxes was made for Heilongjiang Shuaiyi which had no taxable
income in the PRC. 

incorporation. No provision for PRC taxes was made as Harbin Baixin had no
taxable income in the PRC. 

Nutrastar
 New Resources and Oriental Global has any taxable income in the U.S.
British Virgin Islands or Hong Kong
 respectively. 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    





    

    




    




    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

812
222



    

438
960




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    




    




    

    




812
222
    




438
960



at the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate to the Company&#146;s effective income
tax rate is as follows: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    





    

    




    




    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    

982
592







681



  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    






    




    






    

194

    
    

051

    


    


    




    






    


    
    


    






    







  




    

830

    
    

254

    




















    




812

    




438







NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
INCOME TAXES (CONTINUED)


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 




    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
December 31
 
    
    
December 31
 
    

    




    




    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    

799
625



    

300
492




    




799

    




300

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




    







 2013 and 2012
 Nutrastar had $5
293
016 and
$3
824
976
 respectively
 of net operating loss carryforwards available to
reduce future taxable income which will expire in various years through 2030.
Management believes it is more-likely-than-not that the Company will not realize
these potential tax benefits as the Company&#146;s U.S. operations will not generate
any operating profits in the foreseeable future. Therefore
 the Company recorded
a full valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets. 

 2013 and 2012
 the Company has no material
unrecognized tax benefits which would favorably affect the effective income tax
rate in future periods and does not believe that there will be any significant
increases or decreases of unrecognized tax benefits within the next twelve
months. No interest or penalties relating to income tax matters have been
imposed on the Company during the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 and no
provision for interest and penalties is deemed necessary as of December 31
 2013
and 2012. 

 the
statute of limitations is three years if the underpayment of taxes is due to
computational errors made by the taxpayer or its withholding agent. The statute
of limitations extends to five years under special circumstances
 which are not
clearly defined. In the case of a related party transaction
 the statute of
limitation is ten years. There is no statute of limitation in the case of tax
evasion. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

the weighted average shares used in the computation of basic and diluted
earnings per share for the two years presented: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


    

    




    




    





    




    



    
    

170

    
    

242

    








    






  



    

940

    
    

042

    
























170

    




242

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    



949






453




    
    

128

    
    

143

    
















    





    




    

    




089







600



  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    




    



    




    




    

    
















NOTES TO
For the Years Ended December 31
 2013
and 2012 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
  

weighted average number of common shares outstanding to assume the issuance of
all dilutive potential common shares upon conversion. 

December 31
 2013 did not include the warrants
 management options and
restricted shares to purchase up to 1
088
501 shares
 150
000 shares and 50
000
shares of common stock
 respectively
 because their effect was anti-dilutive.


December 31
 2012 did not include the warrants
 management options and
restricted shares to purchase up to 1
088
501 shares
 150
000 shares and 25
000
shares of common stock
 respectively
 because their effect was anti-dilutive.


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


the Company also had the following related party balances and transactions:-


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    
    
December 31

    
    
December 31

    

    

    




    




    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


      Chairperson

    


    
    





 unsecured
and without a fixed repayment date. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

 2013 and 2012
 the
      Company paid rental expense of $58
370 and $57
267 respectively
 for the
      land leased from Heilongjiang Shuaiyi Technology Development Co.
 Ltd.
      (&#147;Shuaiyi Technology&#148;). Shuaiyi Technology and the Company are under
      common control and management.
  
    
    
  
    
    
Acquisition of corporate headquarter
  premise
  
    
    
  
    
    

 2011
 Heilongjiang Shuaiyi entered into an
      asset transfer agreement (the &#147;Transfer Agreement&#148;) with Ms. Han. Pursuant
      to the Transfer Agreement
 Heilongjiang Shuiayi acquired an office
      building located at 54-1 Ganshui Road
 Xiangfang District
 Harbin
 with a
      construction area of 1854.1 square meters
 from Ms. Han at a cash
      consideration of RMB 12.75 million (approximately $1.95 million including
      other incidental costs). 
 which was fully paid in April 2011. The
      purchase price was determined based on a real property valuation report
      issued by an independent appraisal firm
 Harbin Guoxin Real Estate
      Appraisal and Consulting Co.
 Limited on November 11
 2010. Management
      believes the terms of the purchase transaction and the consideration that
      the Company paid in connection with this transaction were comparable to
      the terms available and the amounts that would be paid in an arm&#146;s-length
      transaction.
  
    
    
  
    
    

      Company headquarters to this office building in the foreseeable
    future.





NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the Years
Ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    

      
  
    

      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 2013 and 2012
 approximately 99.8% and
      99.3%
 respectively of the Company&#146;s cash including cash on hand and
      deposits in accounts are maintained with one financial institution within
      the PRC where there is currently no rule or regulation in place for
      obligatory insurance to cover such bank deposits in the event of bank
      failure. However
 the Company has not experienced any losses in this
      financial institution and monitors the soundness and the credit ratings of
      this financial institution on a periodic basis
 thus believes it is
      currently not exposed to any material risks on its bank deposits in bank
      accounts with this financial institution.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 2013 and 2012
 all of
      the Company&#146;s sales arose in the PRC. In addition
 all accounts receivable
      as of December 31
 2013 and 2012 also arose in the PRC.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      more of the Group&#146;s revenues for the years ended December 31
 2013 and
      2012:



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    




    




    

    

    


    




    



that represented 10% or more of total accounts receivable as of December 31
2013 and 2012 were as follows:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    


    

    
    





    

    
    




    




    

    





    




    



    


 Linyi City Hong Yun

    
    
    
    
    
    

    





    




    



    



    
    
    
    
    
    

    





    




    



    

    
    
    
    
    
    





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    

 2013 and 2012
 all of
      the Company&#146;s purchases arose in the PRC. In addition
 all accounts
      payable as of December 31
 2013 and 2012 also arose in the PRC.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      Group&#146;s procurement for the years ended December 31
 2013 and
  2012:



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    













    





    




    



    





    




    



    





    




    



for 10% or more of total accounts payable as of December 31




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

China. The Company&#146;s operations are subject to various political
 economic
 and
other risks and uncertainties inherent in China. Among other risks
 the
Company&#146;s operations are subject to the risks of restrictions on transfer of
funds; export duties
 quotas
 and embargoes; domestic and international customs
and tariffs; changing taxation policies; foreign exchange restrictions; and
political conditions and governmental regulations. 




NOTES TO
For the Years Ended December 31
2013 and 2012 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
COMMITMENTS AND
      CONTINGENCIES&nbsp;


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

exhibition hall and land with third parties and a related company
 Shuaiyi
Technology (see 15(b))
 respectively
 for the purposes of the operation of its
VIEs. The Company&#146;s commitments for minimum lease payments under these operating
leases for the next five years and thereafter as of December 31
 2013 are as
follows: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    






    




    




    

    
    
    




    




    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    

    
    








    






    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    








    






    

    
    





    




    





    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    




002
311
    




792 
    




050
103
    

 2013 and 2012
 rental
expenses under operating leases amounted to $117
664 and $139
710
 respectively.


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

the Company&#146;s subsidiaries and VIEs in the PRC are required to contribute to
medical
 retirement and unemployment insurance programs for its employees. We
have recorded accruals for the probable estimated liability for approximately
the past two years. However
 in the past we did not provide for contributions
for our temporary employees. If the PRC regulatory authorities take the view
that we were required to make contributions to the social insurance and housing
accumulation funds for our temporary employees
 our failure to make previous
payments may be in violation of applicable PRC labor laws and PRC governmental
authorities may impose penalties on us for failure to comply. In addition
 in
the event that any current or former employee files a complaint with the PRC
government
 we may be subject to making up the contributions to the social
insurance and housing accumulation funds as well as paying administrative fines.
As the Company does not currently believe that it is probable that these
additional contributions and fines would be material and
 furthermore
 cannot be
reasonably estimated
 no additional provision has been made in this regard. 









 2013 and 2012 




















On October 5
 2010
 the Company entered into an indemnification agreement with each of its newly elected independent directors
 Mr. Henry Ngan
 Ms. Virginia P&rsquo;an and Mr. Jianbing Zhong
 pursuant to which the Company agreed to indemnify the
independent directors against expenses
 judgments
 fines
 penalties or other amounts actually and reasonably incurred by the Independent directors in connection with any proceeding if the independent directors acted in good faith and in the best
interests of the Company. 

Also on October 5
 2010
 the Company entered into an indemnification agreement with Mr. Tick pursuant to which the Company agreed to indemnify Mr. Tick against expenses
 judgments
 fines
 penalties or other amounts actually and reasonably incurred
by Mr. Tick in connection with any proceeding if Mr. Tick acted in good faith and in the best interests of the Company. 

On January 24
 2011
 the Company entered into an indemnification agreement with Mr. Joshua Kurtzig
 its newly elected independent director
 pursuant to which the Company agreed to indemnify Mr. Kurtzig against expenses
 judgments
 fines
 penalties
or other amounts actually and reasonably incurred by the independent director in connection with any proceeding if the independent director acted in good faith and in the best interests of the Company.  Mr. Kurtzig resigned from the Company&rsquo;s
Board effective November 26
 2012. 

On November 26
 2012
 the Company entered into an indemnification agreement with Mr. Richard E. Fearon
 Jr.
 its newly elected independent director
 pursuant to which the Company agreed to indemnify Mr. Fearon
 Jr. against expenses
 judgments
fines
 penalties or other amounts actually and reasonably incurred by the independent director in connection with any proceeding if the independent director acted in good faith and in the best interests of the Company. 










The Company operates in three business segments identified by product
 &ldquo;Cordyceps
Militaris&rdquo;
 &ldquo;beverages&rdquo; and &ldquo;organic and specialty food products&rdquo;. The
Cordyceps Militaris segment consists of the growing and
sales of Cordyceps Militaris
 which business is conducted through Daqing Shuaiyi. The beverages segment consists of the manufacturing of functional health beverages featuring the
Cordyceps Militaris as a core ingredient
 which business is also
conducted through Daqing Shuaiyi and was launched in the fourth quarter of 2010. The organic and specialty food products segment consists of the sales of rice
 flour
 silage corn and other agricultural products which business is mainly conducted
through Harbin Shuaiyi. 

During the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 all of the Company&rsquo;s operations were carried out in one geographical segment - China. 

F-36 


NOTES TO
For the Years Ended December 31
2013 and 2012 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
  

December 31
 2013 and 2012 are as follows: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    










 2013
    









    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    




    
    




    
    




    
    




    
    




    
    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    




685
828 
    




474
342 
    




188
819 
    




    




348
989 
    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    




860
209 
    




495
175 
    


    


024 
    




648


    




982
592 
    


Income before income taxes
    



    

    



    

    





    



    

    




982
592 
    
  

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
&nbsp;
    
    


    
    


852
173 
    

    


501 
    

    


313
194 
    

    


009
085 
    

    


236
953 
    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




236
953 
    
  

    
    
&nbsp;
    
    
    
    
    
    
&nbsp;
    
    
    
&nbsp;
    
    
    
    
    


Other segment information:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    

362
832 
    
    

517 
    
    

379 
    
    

768 
    
    

473
496 
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    










 2012
    





    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




    
    




    
    




    
    




    
    




    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    




747
740 
    




910
173 
    




113
263 
    




    




771
176 
    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    




619
716 
    




535
623 
    




334 
    




592

    




681
671 
    


Income
    before income taxes



    

    



    

    



    

    



    

    




681
671 
    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    


594
711 
    

    


062 
    

    


394
027 
    

    


383
289 
    




438
089 
    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




438
089 
    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


Other segment information:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Depreciation and amortization

    

120
408 
    
    

413
    
    
    

413
    
    
    

234
    
    
    

235
468
    
    


    
    

342 
    
    
    
    
    

915 
    
    
    
    
    

257 
    




NOTES TO
For the Years Ended December 31
2013 and 2012 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


VIEs Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi. Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi may
only pay dividends out of their retained earnings determined in accordance with
the accounting standards and regulations in the PRC and after they have met the
PRC requirements for appropriation to statutory reserves (see Note 11). 

 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi&#146;s businesses and
assets are primarily denominated in RMB
 which is not freely convertible into
foreign currencies. All foreign exchange transactions take place either through
the People&#146;s Bank of China or other banks authorized to buy and sell foreign
currencies at the exchange rates quoted by the People&#146;s Bank of China. Approval
of foreign currency payments by the People&#146;s Bank of China or other regulatory
institutions requires; submitting a payment application form together with
suppliers&#146; invoices
 shipping documents and signed contracts. These currency
exchange control procedures imposed by the PRC government authorities may
restrict the ability of Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi to transfer their net
assets to the Company through loans
 advances or cash dividends
 which consisted
of paid-up capital
 retained earnings and statutory reserves and which aggregate
amount of approximately RMB632 million (or $104 million) exceeded 25% of the
Company&#146;s consolidated net assets. Accordingly
 condensed parent company
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Rule 5-04 and Rule
12-04 of SEC Regulation S-X. 

statements should be read in conjunction with the notes to the Company&#146;s
Consolidated Financial Statements. Certain information and footnote disclosures
normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP
have been condensed or omitted. 

 2013 and 2012
 there were no material
contingencies
 significant provisions for long-term obligations
 or guarantees
of the Company
 except as separately disclosed in the Consolidated Financial
Statements
 if any. 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    





    

    




    




    


    


    




    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


    




    
    


    




078

    




952

    


    




078
904






952
289
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


    




    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    














    


    





    





    


    












    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 $0.001 par
      value
 1
000
000 shares authorized
 110
066 shares and 113
010 shares
      issued and outstanding




510






577

    



 $0.001 par value
 190
000
000
      shares authorized
 16
421
161 shares issued and 16
377
606 shares
      outstanding at December 31
 2013; 15
907
381 shares issued and 15
863
826
      shares outstanding at December 31

    


    
    


    







934






029

    



 at cost
 43
555 shares as of
      December 31

    


    
    


    


    



226






285

    


    




576

    




467

    








185







297

    


    




078
904
    




952
289
    




NOTES TO
For the Years Ended December 31
2013 and 2012 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
  



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    





    

    




    




    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

468

    
    

510

    

    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




638

    




609

    

    




170
370
    




242
711
    


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    





    

    




    




    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    









    



    


    
    


    





    






    







    




    

Cash
 end of year













style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

 we have  evaluated any events or transactions occurring after December 31
 2013
 the  consolidated balance sheet date
 through the date of filing of this report and  note that there have been no such events or transactions that would require  recognition or disclosure in the consolidated financial statements as of and  for year ended December 31
 2013
 except the following&nbsp;non-cash transactions.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
On January 22
 2014
 a holder of the Company Series A Convertible  Preferred Stock converted 2
944 shares of Preferred Stock and 709 shares of Preferred  Stock dividends into a total of 36
530 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock.


    
On January 24
 2014
 a holder of the Company Series A Convertible  Preferred Stock converted 3
502 shares of Preferred Stock and 845 shares of Preferred  Stock dividends into a total of 43
470 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock.


    
On January 28
 2014
 a holder of the Company Series A Convertible  Preferred Stock converted 3
502 shares of Preferred Stock 848 shares of Preferred  Stock dividends into a total of 43
500 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock.


    
On February 6
 2014
 a holder of the Company Series A Convertible  Preferred Stock converted 1
053 shares of Preferred Stock and 262 shares of Preferred  Stock dividends into a total of 13
150 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock.


    
On February 6
 2014
 a holder of the Company Series A Convertible  Preferred Stock converted 21
289 shares of Preferred Stock and 5
284 shares of Preferred  Stock dividends into a total of 265
730 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock.


    
On February 18
 2014
 we issued 25
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s stock  for the vested restricted stocks to our Board members.
  








style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    

    
    

      of Incorporation filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on May 19
 2009
      [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report
      on Form 8-K filed on May 26
 2009]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      with the Nevada Secretary of State on January 11
 2010 [Incorporated by
      reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
      on January 14
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      Series A Preferred Stock
 as filed with the Secretary of State of the
      State of Nevada
 May 27
 2010 [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to
      the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 3
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      adopted October 5
 2010 [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the
      Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 8
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      dated April 10
 2006
 between Runjiao Wang and Daqing Shuaiyi Biotech Co.
      Ltd. (English Translation) [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to
      the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 31
 2008].
  




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    

    
    

      New Energy Development Co.
 Ltd. Employment Agreement. (English
      Translation) [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company&#146;s
      Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 31
 2008]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      Employment Agreement
 dated August 18
 2009
 between Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
      New Energy Development Co.
 Ltd. and Hongbing Hua [Incorporated by
      reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K
      filed on August 21
 2009]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      amended on July 23
 2012) [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to
      the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 27
 2012]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      Agreement
 dated May 27
 2010
 by and among the Company and the investors
      named therein [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s
      Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 3
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

 by and
      between the Company and Robert Tick
 dated July 16
 2010 [Incorporated by
      reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K
      filed on July 20
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

 by and
      between the Company and Robert Tick
 dated July 16
 2010 [Incorporated by
      reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K
      filed on July 20
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      Agreement
 by and between the Company and Robert Tick
 dated July 16
 2010
      [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#146;s Current Report
      on Form 8-K filed on July 20
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      dated October 5
 2010
 by and between the Company and Henry Ngan
      [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report
      on Form 8-K filed on October 8
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      dated October 5
 2010
 by and between the Company and Virginia P&#146;an
      [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#146;s Current Report
      on Form 8-K filed on October 8
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      dated October 5
 2010
 by and between the Company and Jianbing Zhong
      [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#146;s Current Report
      on Form 8-K filed on October 8
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      dated October 5
 2010
 by and between the Company and Henry Ngan
      [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company&#146;s Current Report
      on Form 8-K filed on October 8
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      dated October 5
 2010
 by and between the Company and Virginia P&#146;an
      [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company&#146;s Current Report
      on Form 8-K filed on October 8
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      dated October 5
 2010
 by and between the Company and Jianbing Zhong
      [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company&#146;s Current Report
      on Form 8-K filed on October 8
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      Agreements
 dated October 5
 2010
 by and between the Company and Henry
      Ngan [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company&#146;s Current
      Report on Form 8-K filed on October 8
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      Agreements
 dated October 5
 2010
 by and between the Company and Virginia
      P&#146;an [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company&#146;s Current
      Report on Form 8-K filed on October 8
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      Agreements
 dated October 5
 2010
 by and between the Company and Jianbing
      Zhong [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company&#146;s Current
      Report on Form 8-K filed on October 8
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      dated October 5
 2010
 by and between the Company and Robert Tick
      [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company&#146;s Current
      Report on Form 8-K filed on October 8
 2010]. 




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    

    
    

      Transfer Agreement
 by and between New Resources and the Founders
 dated
      October 22
 2010 [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
      Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 28
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      Technical Service Agreement
 by and between Harbin Baixin and Heilongjiang
      Shuaiyi
 dated October 22
 2010 [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2
      to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 28
 2010].
  
  
    
    
    

    
    

      Exclusive Purchase Option Agreement
 by and among Harbin Baixin
 the
      Founders and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 dated October 22
 2010. [Incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K
    filed on October 28
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      Rights Proxy Agreement
 by and among Harbin Baixin
 the Founders and
      Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 dated October 22
 2010 [Incorporated by reference to
      Exhibit 10.4 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October
      28
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      Pledge Agreement
 by and among Harbin Baixin
 the Founders and
      Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 dated October 22
 2010 [Incorporated by reference to
      Exhibit 10.5 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October
      28
 2010]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      Employment Agreement
 dated January 24
 2011
 by and between the Company
      and Robert Tick [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the
      Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 28
 2011]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

 dated May 1
      2010
 between Qingling Zhang and Xinjun Li (English Translation)
      [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.47 to the Company&#146;s Annual Report
      on Form 10-K filed on March 29
 2011]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

 by
      and between Heilongjiang Shuaiyi New Energy Development Co.
 Ltd. and
      Lianyun Han
 dated April 15
 2011 [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
      10.1 to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 12
      2011]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      Securities Purchase Agreement
 dated August 24
 2011
 by and between the
      Company and ARC China Investment Funds [Incorporated by reference to
      Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August
      25
 2011]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

 dated August
      24
 2011
 by and between the Company and ARC China Investment Funds
      [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#146;s Current Report
      on Form 8-K filed on August 25
 2011]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      dated November 26
 2012
 by and between the Company and Mr. Fearon.
      [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report
      on Form 8-K filed on November 29
 2012]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      dated November 26
 2012
 by and between the Company and Mr. Fearon.
      [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#146;s Current Report
      on Form 8-K filed on November 29
 2012]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      Agreement
 dated November 26
 2012
 by and between the Company and Mr.
      Fearon. [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#146;s
      Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 29
 2012]. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      Ethics
 adopted October 5
 2010 [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1
      to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 8
 2010].
  
  
    
    
    

    
    

      [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21 to the Company&#146;s Annual Report on
      Form 10-K filed on March 29
 2011] 
  
    
    
    

    
    
Consent of Crowe Horwath (HK) CPA Limited
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.* 

  
    
    
    

    
    
Certifications of Chief
      Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
      2002. * 
  
    
    
    

    
    
Certifications of Chief
      Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
      2002. * 
  
    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Chief
      Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
      2002. * 
  
    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Chief
      Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
      2002. * 




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

      Linkbase Document 

    
    

    

    
    

      Linkbase Document 

    
    

      Document 














   







 2014
 relating to the consolidated  financial statements of Nutrastar International Inc. and its subsidiaries which  appears in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2013. 

  Hong Kong
 China 
  March 26
 2014













   







 Lianyun Han
 certify that: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    


      Nutrastar International Inc.;
  
    
    
    
  
    


 this report does not contain any
      untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
      necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under
      which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period
      covered by this report;
  
    
    
    
  
    


 the financial statements
 and
      other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
      material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash
      flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this
      report;
  
    
    
    
  
    


      responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
      procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
      internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
      Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 or
      caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
      supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the
      registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us
      by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which
      this report is being prepared;
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
      under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
      reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
      statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
      accounting principles;
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
      conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
      procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
      such evaluation; and
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
      registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal
      quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or
      is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal
      control over financial reporting; and
  
    
    
    
  
    


      disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
      financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee
      of the registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the
      equivalent functions):
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
      are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#146;s ability to
      record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 whether or not material
 that involves
      management or other employees who have a significant role in the
      registrant&#146;s internal control over financial
reporting.

/s/ Lianyun
Han&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
(Principal Executive
Officer) 













   







 Robert Tick
 certify that: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    


      Nutrastar International Inc.
  
    
    
    
  
    


 this report does not contain any
      untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
      necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under
      which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period
      covered by this report;
  
    
    
    
  
    


 the financial statements
 and
      other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
      material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash
      flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this
      report;
  
    
    
    
  
    


      responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
      procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
      internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
      Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 or
      caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
      supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the
      registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us
      by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which
      this report is being prepared;
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
      under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
      reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
      statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
      accounting principles;
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
      conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
      procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
      such evaluation; and
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
      registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal
      quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or
      is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal
      control over financial reporting; and
  
    
    
    
  
    


      disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
      financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee
      of the registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the
      equivalent functions):
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
      are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#146;s ability to
      record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 whether or not material
 that involves
      management or other employees who have a significant role in the
      registrant&#146;s internal control over financial
reporting.

/s/ Robert
Tick&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
(Principal Financial and
Accounting Officer) 













   





AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 Lianyun Han
 the Chief
Executive Officer of NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. (the &#147;Company&#148;)
 DOES HEREBY
CERTIFY that: 

10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013 (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;
and 

fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results
of operation of the Company. 

 the undersigned has
 day of March
 2014. 
/s/ Lianyun
Han&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
(Principal Executive
Officer) 

906 has been provided to Nutrastar International Inc. and will be retained by
Nutrastar International Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request. 

and Exchange Commission pursuant to &#167; 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being
filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as
amended
 and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the
Company
 whether made before or after the date hereof
 regardless of any general
incorporation language in such filing. 













   





AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 Robert Tick
 the Chief
Financial Officer of NUTRASTAR INTERNATIONAL INC. (the &#147;Company&#148;)
 DOES HEREBY
CERTIFY that: 

10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013 (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;
and 

fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results
of operation of the Company. 

 the undersigned has
 day of March
 2014. 
/s/ Robert
Tick&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
(Principal Financial and
Accounting Officer) 

906 has been provided to Nutrastar International Inc. and will be retained by
Nutrastar International Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request. 

and Exchange Commission pursuant to &#167; 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being
filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as
amended
 and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the
Company
 whether made before or after the date hereof
 regardless of any general
incorporation language in such filing. 
















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    







 plant and equipment



    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 $0.001 par value
 1
000
000 shares authorized
 110
066 shares and 113
010 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively; aggregate liquidation preference amount: $3
081
848 and $3
164
280
 plus accrued but unpaid dividend of $738
903 and $528
528
 at December 31
 2013 and 2012




 $0.001 par value
 190
000
000 shares authorized
 16
421
161 shares issued and 16
377
606 shared outstanding at December 31
2013; 15
907
381 shares issued and 15
863
826 shares outstanding at December 31



    


    



 at cost
 43
555 shares as of December 31



    


    


    


    


















    















 Shares




 Shares







    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    

    

    

    
    

    


    

    

    

    
    

    

    

    

    

    


    


    

    

    

    

    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    

    

    

    
    
    

    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


    


    

    

    


    


    






    


    

    






 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT







    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


    


    


    


    






    


    

    

    


    

    

    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    

    

    

    

    






    


    


    


    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    




















 Plant And Equipment



 Plant And Equipment



 Plant And Equipment



 Plant And Equipment














    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    





































    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    










































































 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment
 Net Schedule Of Property






































    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

















































































































































    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    





































































































































































































































































































































    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        



 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        



 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        



 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      


      




      


      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      



    


    




        


        




    


    


    


    


    

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;NOTE 1&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=92%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND ORGANIZATION&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Nutrastar International Inc. (&amp;#8220;Nutrastar&amp;#8221; or the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on December 22
 2002. On December 23
 2008
 the Company completed a reverse acquisition with New Zealand WAYNE&amp;#8217;S New Resources Development Co.
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;New Resources&amp;#8221;). As a result of the reverse acquisition with New Resources
 the Company is no longer a shell company and active business operations have been revived. Nutrastar together with its subsidiaries and affiliates as described below are referred to as the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On May 19
 2009
 the Company filed Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation with the State of Nevada to amend the Company&amp;#8217;s Articles of Incorporation to
 among other things
 (1) change the name of the Company from &amp;#8220;YzApp International Inc.&amp;#8221; to &amp;#8220;Shuaiyi International New Resources Development Inc.
&amp;#8221; (2) increase the total number of shares of common stock that the Company has the authority to issue from
      50
000
000
      to
      190
000
000
      shares and (3) effect a one for
      114.59
      reverse split of the Company&amp;#8217;s outstanding common stock.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On January 11
 2010
 the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation with the State of Nevada
 pursuant to which the Company further changed its name from Shuaiyi International New Resources Development Inc. to Nutrastar International Inc.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On October 22
 2010
 New Resources
 a wholly-owned British Virgin Islands subsidiary of the Company
 entered into an equity transfer agreement with the original founders of Heilongjiang Shuaiyi (the &amp;#8220;Shuaiyi Founders&amp;#8221;)
 pursuant to which New Resources transferred all of its equity interests in Heilongjiang Shuaiyi New Energy Development Co.
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Heilongjiang Shuaiyi&amp;#8221;)
 a then wholly-owned Chinese subsidiary of New Resources
 to the Shuaiyi Founders (the &amp;#8220;Equity Transfer&amp;#8221;).&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In connection with the Equity Transfer
 the Shuaiyi Founders
 the Company&amp;#8217;s indirectly wholly-owned Chinese subsidiary incorporated on July 13
 2010
 Harbin Baixin Biotech Development Co.
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Harbin Baixin&amp;#8221;) and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi entered into the following commercial arrangements (the &amp;#8220;Contractual Arrangement&amp;#8221; and together with the Equity Transfer
 the &amp;#8220;Restructuring&amp;#8221;)
 pursuant to which the Company has contractual rights to control and operate the businesses of Heilongjiang Shuaiyi and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi's two wholly-owned Chinese subsidiaries
 Daqing Shuaiyi Biotech Co.
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Daqing Shuaiyi&amp;#8221;) and Harbin Shuaiyi Green &amp;amp; Specialty Food Trading LLC (&amp;#8220;Harbin Shuaiyi&amp;#8221; and together with Heilongjiang Shuaiyi and Daqing Shuaiyi
 the &amp;#8220;VIEs&amp;#8221;):&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;
          Service Agreement
          &lt;br/&gt;
        &lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      Pursuant to a technical service agreement
 entered into by and between Harbin Baixin and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Harbin Baixin will provide certain exclusive technical services to Heilongjiang Shuaiyi in exchange for the payment by Heilongjiang Shuaiyi of a service fee that is calculated based on the market price in light of the particulars of the service and the time of such service provided by Harbin Baixin (the &amp;#8220;Service Agreement&amp;#8221;);
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;
          Option Agreement
          &lt;br/&gt;
        &lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      Pursuant to an exclusive purchase option agreement
 entered into by and among Harbin Baixin
 the Shuaiyi Founders and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 the Shuaiyi Founders granted to Harbin Baixin an option to purchase at any time during the term of this agreement
 all or part of the equity interests in Heilongjiang Shuaiyi (the &amp;#8220;Equity Interests&amp;#8221;)
 at the exercise price equal to the lowest possible price permitted by Chinese laws (the &amp;#8220;Option Agreement&amp;#8221;);
    &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;
          Voting Rights Agreement
          &lt;br/&gt;
        &lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      Pursuant to a voting rights proxy agreement
 entered into by and among Harbin Baixin
 the Shuaiyi Founders and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 each of the Shuaiyi Founders irrevocably entrusted Harbin Baixin and any entities or individuals designated by Harbin Baixin to
 among others
 exercise its voting rights and other rights as a shareholder of Heilongjiang Shuaiyi (the &amp;#8220;Voting Rights Agreement&amp;#8221;); and
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;
          Pledge agreement
          &lt;br/&gt;
        &lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      Pursuant to an equity pledge agreement
 entered into by and among Harbin Baixin
 the Shuaiyi Founders and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 the Founders pledged all of the Equity Interests to Harbin Baixin to secure the full and complete performance of the obligations and liabilities on the part of the Shuaiyi Founders and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi under this and the above contractual arrangements (the &amp;#8220;Pledge Agreement&amp;#8221; and together with the Service Agreement
 the Option Agreement
 the Voting Rights Agreement and the Equity Transfer Agreement
 the &amp;#8220;Restructuring Documents&amp;#8221;).
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      As a result of the Restructuring
 the Company transferred all of its indirect equity interests in Heilongjiang Shuaiyi back to the Shuaiyi Founders
 among whom
 Ms. Lianyun Han became a majority shareholder of Heilongjiang Shuaiyi by owning a
      68.3% equity interest in Heilongjiang Shuaiyi. At the same time
 through the above contractual agreement
 the Company maintains substantial control over the VIEs&amp;#8217; daily operations and financial affairs
 election of their senior executives and all matters requiring shareholder approval. As the primary beneficiary of the VIEs
 the Company is entitled to consolidate the financial results of the VIEs in its own consolidated financial statements under Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standard Codification (ASC) Topic 810 and related subtopics related to the consolidation of variable interest entities (collectively
 &amp;#8220;ASC Topic 810&amp;#8221;).
    &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;As of December 31
 2013
 details of the subsidiaries and affiliates of the Company are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Percentage of&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Domicile and date&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;effective&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Names&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;of incorporation&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Paid-up capital&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;ownership&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Principal activities&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;Subsidiaries&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=top&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                  New Zealand WAYNE&amp;#8217;S
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  New Resources Development Co.
 Ltd
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  (&amp;#8220;New Resources&amp;#8221;)
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;
                British Virgin Islands
                &lt;br/&gt;
                March 13
 2008
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;
                50
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;
                100%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;Holding company of the other subsidiaries&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=top&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                  Oriental Global Holdings Limited
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  (&amp;#8220;Oriental Global&amp;#8221;)
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;
                Hong Kong
                &lt;br/&gt;
                May 28
 2010
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;
                $1
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;
                100%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;Holding company of Harbin Baixin&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=top&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                  Harbin Baixin Biotech
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  Development Co.
 Ltd
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  (&amp;#8220;Harbin Baixin&amp;#8221;)
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;
                People&amp;#8217;s Republic of China (&amp;#8220;PRC&amp;#8221;)
                &lt;br/&gt;
                July 13
 2010
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;
                3
000
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;
                100%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;Cordyceps Militaris (a.k.a. Chinese Golden Grass) cultivation technology research and development
 services and Cordyceps Militaris products wholesale&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;VIEs&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=top&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                  Heilongjiang Shuaiyi New Energy
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  Development Co.
 Ltd
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  (&amp;#8220;Heilongjiang Shuaiyi&amp;#8221;)
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;
                PRC
                &lt;br/&gt;
                July 11
 2006
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;
                RMB60
000
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;
                100%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;Principally engaged in investment and property holding&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=top&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                  Daqing Shuaiyi Biotech Co. Ltd.
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  (&amp;#8220;Daqing Shuaiyi&amp;#8221;)
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;
                PRC
                &lt;br/&gt;
                August 8
 2005
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;
                RMB50
000
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;
                100%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;Growing and sales of Cordyceps Militaris
 which is widely used for Chinese medicine
 and functional health beverages&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=top&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                  Harbin Shuaiyi Green and
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  Specialty Food Trading LLC.
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  (&amp;#8220;Harbin Shuaiyi&amp;#8221;)
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;
                PRC
                &lt;br/&gt;
                May 18
 2001
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;
                RMB1
500
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;
                100%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;Sales of organic and specialty food products&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Percentage of&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Domicile and date&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;effective&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Names&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;of incorporation&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Paid-up capital&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;ownership&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Principal activities&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Subsidiaries&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
              New Zealand WAYNE&amp;#8217;S
              &lt;br/&gt;
              New Resources Development Co.
 Ltd
              &lt;br/&gt;
              (&amp;#8220;New Resources&amp;#8221;)
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;
            British Virgin Islands
            &lt;br/&gt;
            March 13
 2008
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;
            50
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;
            100%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;Holding company of the other subsidiaries&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
              Oriental Global Holdings Limited
              &lt;br/&gt;
              (&amp;#8220;Oriental Global&amp;#8221;)
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;
            Hong Kong
            &lt;br/&gt;
            May 28
 2010
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;
            $1
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;
            100%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;Holding company of Harbin Baixin&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
              Harbin Baixin Biotech
              &lt;br/&gt;
              Development Co.
 Ltd
              &lt;br/&gt;
              (&amp;#8220;Harbin Baixin&amp;#8221;)
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;
            People&amp;#8217;s Republic of China (&amp;#8220;PRC&amp;#8221;)
            &lt;br/&gt;
            July 13
 2010
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;
            3
000
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;
            100%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;Cordyceps Militaris (a.k.a. Chinese Golden Grass) cultivation technology research and development
 services and Cordyceps Militaris products wholesale&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;VIEs&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
              Heilongjiang Shuaiyi New Energy
              &lt;br/&gt;
              Development Co.
 Ltd
              &lt;br/&gt;
              (&amp;#8220;Heilongjiang Shuaiyi&amp;#8221;)
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;
            PRC
            &lt;br/&gt;
            July 11
 2006
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;
            RMB60
000
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;
            100%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;Principally engaged in investment and property holding&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
              Daqing Shuaiyi Biotech Co. Ltd.
              &lt;br/&gt;
              (&amp;#8220;Daqing Shuaiyi&amp;#8221;)
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;
            PRC
            &lt;br/&gt;
            August 8
 2005
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;
            RMB50
000
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;
            100%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;Growing and sales of Cordyceps Militaris
 which is widely used for Chinese medicine
 and functional health beverages&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=top width=17%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
              Harbin Shuaiyi Green and
              &lt;br/&gt;
              Specialty Food Trading LLC.
              &lt;br/&gt;
              (&amp;#8220;Harbin Shuaiyi&amp;#8221;)
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;
            PRC
            &lt;br/&gt;
            May 18
 2001
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;
            RMB1
500
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;
            100%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=17%&gt;Sales of organic and specialty food products&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;NOTE 2&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=92%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICES&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              Basis of preparation
              &lt;br/&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
        &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              Principle of consolidation
              &lt;br/&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of Nutrastar and its wholly owned subsidiaries
 New Resources
 Oriental Global and Harbin Baixin
 and its VIEs Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi. All significant inter-company balances or transactions have been eliminated on consolidation.
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company has evaluated the relationship with Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi and based on the result of the evaluation
 believes that these entities are variable interest entities and that it is the primary beneficiary of these entities. Consequently
 the Company has included the results of operations of these variable interest entities in the consolidated financial statements. The Company&amp;#8217;s relationships with Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi are governed by a series of contractual arrangements. Under PRC laws
 Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi are independent legal persons and none of them is exposed to liabilities incurred by the other parties.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The accounts of Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi are consolidated in the accompanying financial statements pursuant to the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standard Codification (ASC) Topic 810 and related subtopics related to the consolidation of variable interest entities. The Company does not have any non-controlling interests in net income and accordingly
 did not subtract any net income in calculating the net income attributable to the Company. Because of the contractual arrangements
 the Company had a pecuniary interest in the VIEs that require consolidation of the Company&amp;#8217;s and the VIEs&amp;#8217; financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              Use of estimates
              &lt;br/&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          The preparation of these consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires the Company to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of these consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Accordingly
 actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Significant estimates for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 include the useful lives of property and equipment and intangible assets
 assumptions used in assessing impairment for long-term assets and the fair values of share-based payments.
        &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              Cash and cash equivalents
              &lt;br/&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          Cash and cash equivalents consist of all cash balances and highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less. Because of the short maturity of these investments
 the carrying amounts approximate their fair value.
        &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              Accounts receivable
              &lt;br/&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          Accounts receivable is stated at cost
 net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the failure of customers to make required payments. The Company reviews the accounts receivable on a periodic basis and provides allowances where there is doubt as to the collectability of individual balances. In evaluating the collectability of individual receivable balances
 the Company considers many factors
 including the age of the balance
 the customer&amp;#8217;s payment history
 its current credit-worthiness and current economic trends.
        &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              Inventories
              &lt;br/&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          Inventories are stated at the lower of cost
 determined on a weighted average basis
 or market. Costs of inventories include purchase and related costs incurred in bringing the products to their present location and condition. Market value is determined by reference to selling prices after the balance sheet date or to management&amp;#8217;s estimates based on prevailing market conditions. Management will write down the inventories to market value if it is below cost. Management also regularly evaluates the composition of its inventories to identify slow-moving and obsolete inventories to determine if a valuation allowance is required.
        &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Derivative financial instruments&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;br/&gt;
          The Company evaluates all its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative instruments that are accounted for as liabilities
 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and is then revalued at each reporting date
 with changes in the fair value reported in the consolidated statements of income. For stock-based derivative financial instruments
 the Company uses Monte-Carlo simulation methods to value the derivative instruments at inception and on subsequent valuation dates.
        &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              Property
 plant and equipment
              &lt;br/&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses
 if any. Gains or losses on disposals are reflected as gain or loss in the year of disposal. The cost of improvements that extend the life of property
 plant and equipment are capitalized. These capitalized costs may include structural improvements
 equipment and fixtures. All ordinary repair and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred.
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Depreciation for financial reporting purposes is provided using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
                      &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                  Useful Life
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  (In years)
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                  20
                  -
                  40
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Machinery and motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                  5
                  -
                  10
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                  5
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              Intangible assets
              &lt;br/&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          The Company&amp;#8217;s intangible assets include a ten-year exclusive right to use a proprietary process and computer software. The Company&amp;#8217;s amortization policy on intangible assets is as follows:
        &lt;/p&gt;
                      &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;Useful Life&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;(In years)&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Exclusive right&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                  10
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Computer software&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                  4
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company accounts for its intangible assets pursuant to FASB ASC Subtopic 350-30
 &amp;#8220;General Intangibles Other Than Goodwill&amp;#8221;. Under ASC 350-30-35
 intangibles with definite lives continue to be amortized on a straight-line basis over the lesser of their estimated useful lives or contractual terms. Under FASB ASU No.2012-02 Intangible-Goodwill and Other(Topic 350)
 the Company assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative impairment test. The Company would not be required to calculate the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset unless the Company determines
 based on a qualitative assessment
 that it is not more likely than not
 the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If the qualitative assessment fails
 intangibles with indefinite lives are further evaluated quantitatively for impairment by comparing the asset&amp;#8217;s estimated fair value with its carrying value
 based on cash flow methodology.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Impairment of long-lived assets&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          The Company reviews and evaluates its long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts may not be recoverable. An impairment is considered to exist if the total estimated future cash flows on an undiscounted basis are less than the carrying amount of the assets
 including goodwill
 if any. An impairment loss is measured and recorded based on discounted estimated future cash flows. In estimating future cash flows
 assets are grouped at the lowest level for which there is identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of future cash flows from other asset groups.
        &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Revenue recognition&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          Revenue is recognized when the following four revenue criteria are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 the selling price is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured.
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Sales revenue is recognized net of value added and sales related taxes
 sales discounts and returns at the time when the merchandise is delivered to the customer. Based on historical experience
 management estimates that sales returns are immaterial and has not recorded an allowance for estimated sales returns.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Share-based payments&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          The Company accounts for share-based compensation awards to employees in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718
 &amp;#8220;Compensation &amp;#8211; Stock Compensation&amp;#8221;
 which requires that share-based payment transactions with employees be measured based on the grant-date fair value of the equity instrument issued and recognized as compensation expense over the requisite service period.
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company accounts for share-based compensation awards to non-employees in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718 and FASB ASC Subtopic 505-50
 &amp;#8220;Equity-Based Payments to Non-employees&amp;#8221;. Under FASB ASC Topic 718 and FASB ASC Subtopic 505-50
 stock compensation granted to non-employees has been determined as the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of equity instrument issued
 whichever is more reliably measured and is recognized as expenses as the goods or services are received.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              Income taxes
              &lt;br/&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          The Company is subject to income taxes in the United States and other foreign jurisdictions where it operates. The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 740
 &amp;#8220;Income Taxes&amp;#8221;. FASB ASC Topic 740 requires an asset and liability approach for financial accounting and reporting for income taxes and allows recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets based upon the likelihood of realization of tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits
 or that future deductibility is uncertain.
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s income tax returns are subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service (&amp;#8220;IRS&amp;#8221;) and other tax authorities in the locations where it operates. The Company assesses potentially unfavorable outcomes of such examinations based on the criteria of FASB ASC 740-10-25-5 through 740-10-25-7 and 740-10-25-13 (formerly FASB Interpretation No. 48 (&amp;#8220;FIN 48&amp;#8221;) &amp;#8220;Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes&amp;#8221;). The interpretation prescribes a more-likely-than-not threshold for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken (or expected to be taken) in a tax return. This Interpretation also provides guidance on derecognition of income tax assets and liabilities
 classification of current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities
 accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax positions
 accounting for income taxes in interim periods and income tax disclosures.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              Research and development costs
              &lt;br/&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          Research and development costs are expensed as incurred
 and are charged to general and administrative expenses. Research and development costs were $173
881
          and $168
746
          for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.
        &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              Advertising costs
              &lt;br/&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          The Company expenses all advertising costs as incurred. Advertising costs charged to selling expenses were $10
437
          and $10
240
          for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.
        &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              Shipping and handling costs
              &lt;br/&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          Substantially all costs of shipping and handling of products to customers are included in selling expense. Shipping and handling costs for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 were insignificant.
        &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              Comprehensive income
              &lt;br/&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          FASB ASC Topic 220
 &amp;#8220;Comprehensive Income&amp;#8221;
 establishes standards for reporting and displaying comprehensive income and its components in the consolidated financial statements. Accumulated other comprehensive income includes foreign currency translation adjustments.
        &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              Foreign currency
              &lt;br/&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          The Company uses the United States dollar (&amp;#8220;US Dollar&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;US$&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;$&amp;#8221;) for financial reporting purposes. The PRC subsidiaries and VIEs within the Company maintain their books and records in their functional currency
 Chinese Renminbi (&amp;#8220;RMB&amp;#8221;)
 being the lawful currency in the PRC. Assets and liabilities of the PRC subsidiaries and VIEs are translated from RMB into US Dollars using the applicable exchange rates prevailing at the balance sheet date. Items on the statements of income and cash flows are translated at average exchange rates during the reporting period. Equity accounts are translated at historical rates. Adjustments resulting from the translation of the Company&amp;#8217;s financial statements are recorded as accumulated other comprehensive income.
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The exchange rates used to translate amounts in RMB into US Dollars for the purposes of preparing the consolidated financial statements are based on the rates as published on the website of People&amp;#8217;s Bank of China and are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
                      &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                  &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=15%&gt;December 31
 2013&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=15%&gt;December 31
 2012&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                  &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Balance sheet items
 except for equity accounts&lt;/p&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                  US$1
                  =RMB6.0969
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                  US$1
                  =RMB6.2855
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                  &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Items in the statements of income and cash flows&lt;/p&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                  US$1
                  =RMB6.1932
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                  US$1
                  =RMB6.3125
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;No representation is made that the RMB amounts could have been
 or could be
 converted into US Dollars at the above rates. The value of RMB against US dollars and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by
 among other things
 changes in China&amp;#8217;s political and economic conditions. Any significant revaluation of RMB may materially affect the Company&amp;#8217;s financial condition in terms of US Dollar reporting.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              Segment reporting
              &lt;br/&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          The Company follows FASB ASC Topic 280
 &amp;#8220;Segment Reporting&amp;#8221;
 which requires that companies disclose segment data based on how management makes decisions about allocating resources to segments and evaluating their performance.
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company believes that during the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 it operated in three business segments &amp;#8211; growing and sales of Cordyceps Militaris
 which is widely used for Chinese medicine
 manufacturing and sale of functional health beverages featuring the Cordyceps Militaris as a core ingredient
 and sales of organic and specialty products. The manufacturing and sale of Cordyceps Militaris functional health beverages was launched in the fourth quarter of 2010.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Throughout the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 all of the Company&amp;#8217;s operations were carried out in one geographical segment - China.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              Earnings per share
              &lt;br/&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          The Company reports earnings per share in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 260
 Earnings per Share. FASB ASC Topic 260 requires presentation of basic and diluted earnings per share in conjunction with the disclosure of the methodology used in computing such earnings per share. Basic earnings per share excludes dilution and is computed by dividing income available to common stockholders by the weighted average common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share takes into account the potential dilution (using the treasury stock method) that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised and converted into common stock.
        &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Commitments and contingencies&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          The Company follows FASB ASC Subtopic 450-20
 &amp;#8220;Loss Contingencies&amp;#8221; in determining its accruals and disclosures with respect to loss contingencies. Accordingly
 estimated losses from loss contingencies are accrued by a charge to income when information available prior to issuance of the financial statements indicates that it is probable that a liability could be incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Legal expenses associated with the contingency are expensed as incurred. If a loss contingency is not probable or reasonably estimable
 disclosure of the loss contingency is made in the financial statements when it is at least reasonably possible that a material loss could be incurred.
        &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Recent accounting pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
          In March 2013
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2013-05
 Foreign Currency Matters
 (Topic 830): Parent's Accounting for the Cumulative Translation Adjustment upon Derecognition of Certain Subsidiaries or Groups of Assets within a Foreign Entity or of an Investment in a Foreign Entity (ASU 2013-05)
 to resolve a diversity in accounting for the cumulative translation adjustment of foreign currency upon derecognition of a foreign subsidiary or group of assets. ASU 2013-05 requires the parent to apply the guidance in Subtopic 830-30 to release any related cumulative translation adjustment into net income when a reporting entity (parent) ceases to have a controlling financial interest in a subsidiary or group of assets within a foreign entity. Accordingly
 the cumulative translation adjustment should be released into net income only if the sale or transfer results in the complete or substantially complete liquidation of the foreign entity in which the subsidiary or group of assets had resided. Further
 ASU 2013-05 clarified that the parent should apply the guidance in subtopic 810-10 if there is a sale of an investment in a foreign entity
 including both (1) events that result in the loss of a controlling financial interest in a foreign entity and (2) events that result in an acquirer obtaining control of an acquiree in which it held an equity interest immediately before the acquisition date. Accordingly
 the cumulative translation adjustment should be released into net income upon the occurrence of those events. ASU 2013-05 is effective prospectively for the Company in our first quarter of fiscal 2014
 with early adoption permitted. The Company does not expect ASU 2013-05 to have a significant impact on its consolidated results of operations and financial condition.
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In July 2013
 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2013-11
 Income Taxes (Topic 740)(ASU 2013-11). The amendments in this update provide guidance on the financial statement presentation of an unrecognized tax benefit when a net operating loss carryforward
 similar tax loss
 or tax credit carryforward exists. These amendments provide that an unrecognized tax benefit
 or a portion thereof
 should be presented in the financial statements as a reduction to a deferred tax asset for a net operating loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss
 or a tax credit carryforward
 except to the extent that a net operating loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss
 or a tax credit carryforward is not available at the reporting date to settle any additional income taxes that would result from disallowance of a tax position
 or the tax law does not require the entity to use
 and the entity does not intend to use
 the deferred tax asset for such purpose
 then the unrecognized tax benefit should be presented as a liability. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December 15
 2013. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect ASU 2013-11 to have a significant impact on its consolidated results of operations and financial condition.&lt;/p&gt;


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;
          Basis of preparation
          &lt;br/&gt;
        &lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;
          Principle of consolidation
          &lt;br/&gt;
        &lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of Nutrastar and its wholly owned subsidiaries
 New Resources
 Oriental Global and Harbin Baixin
 and its VIEs Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi. All significant inter-company balances or transactions have been eliminated on consolidation.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company has evaluated the relationship with Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi and based on the result of the evaluation
 believes that these entities are variable interest entities and that it is the primary beneficiary of these entities. Consequently
 the Company has included the results of operations of these variable interest entities in the consolidated financial statements. The Company&amp;#8217;s relationships with Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi are governed by a series of contractual arrangements. Under PRC laws
 Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi are independent legal persons and none of them is exposed to liabilities incurred by the other parties.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The accounts of Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi are consolidated in the accompanying financial statements pursuant to the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standard Codification (ASC) Topic 810 and related subtopics related to the consolidation of variable interest entities. The Company does not have any non-controlling interests in net income and accordingly
 did not subtract any net income in calculating the net income attributable to the Company. Because of the contractual arrangements


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;
          Use of estimates
          &lt;br/&gt;
        &lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      The preparation of these consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires the Company to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of these consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Accordingly
 actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Significant estimates for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 include the useful lives of property and equipment and intangible assets
 assumptions used in assessing impairment for long-term assets and the fair values of share-based payments.


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;
          Cash and cash equivalents
          &lt;br/&gt;
        &lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      Cash and cash equivalents consist of all cash balances and highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less. Because of the short maturity of these investments
 the carrying amounts approximate their fair value.


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;
          Accounts receivable
          &lt;br/&gt;
        &lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      Accounts receivable is stated at cost
 net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the failure of customers to make required payments. The Company reviews the accounts receivable on a periodic basis and provides allowances where there is doubt as to the collectability of individual balances. In evaluating the collectability of individual receivable balances
 the Company considers many factors
 including the age of the balance
 the customer&amp;#8217;s payment history
 its current credit-worthiness and current economic trends.


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;
          Inventories
          &lt;br/&gt;
        &lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      Inventories are stated at the lower of cost
 determined on a weighted average basis
 or market. Costs of inventories include purchase and related costs incurred in bringing the products to their present location and condition. Market value is determined by reference to selling prices after the balance sheet date or to management&amp;#8217;s estimates based on prevailing market conditions. Management will write down the inventories to market value if it is below cost. Management also regularly evaluates the composition of its inventories to identify slow-moving and obsolete inventories to determine if a valuation allowance is required.


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;Derivative financial instruments&lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;br/&gt;
      The Company evaluates all its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative instruments that are accounted for as liabilities
 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and is then revalued at each reporting date
 with changes in the fair value reported in the consolidated statements of income. For stock-based derivative financial instruments
 the Company uses Monte-Carlo simulation methods to value the derivative instruments at inception and on subsequent valuation dates.


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;
          Property
 plant and equipment
          &lt;br/&gt;
        &lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses
 if any. Gains or losses on disposals are reflected as gain or loss in the year of disposal. The cost of improvements that extend the life of property
 plant and equipment are capitalized. These capitalized costs may include structural improvements
 equipment and fixtures. All ordinary repair and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Depreciation for financial reporting purposes is provided using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              Useful Life
              &lt;br/&gt;
              (In years)
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              20
              -
              40
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Machinery and motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              5
              -
              10
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              5
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;
          Intangible assets
          &lt;br/&gt;
        &lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      The Company&amp;#8217;s intangible assets include a ten-year exclusive right to use a proprietary process and computer software. The Company&amp;#8217;s amortization policy on intangible assets is as follows:
    &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;Useful Life&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;(In years)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Exclusive right&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              10
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Computer software&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              4
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company accounts for its intangible assets pursuant to FASB ASC Subtopic 350-30
 &amp;#8220;General Intangibles Other Than Goodwill&amp;#8221;. Under ASC 350-30-35
 intangibles with definite lives continue to be amortized on a straight-line basis over the lesser of their estimated useful lives or contractual terms. Under FASB ASU No.2012-02 Intangible-Goodwill and Other(Topic 350)
 the Company assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative impairment test. The Company would not be required to calculate the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset unless the Company determines
 based on a qualitative assessment
 that it is not more likely than not
 the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If the qualitative assessment fails
 intangibles with indefinite lives are further evaluated quantitatively for impairment by comparing the asset&amp;#8217;s estimated fair value with its carrying value


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;Impairment of long-lived assets&lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      The Company reviews and evaluates its long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts may not be recoverable. An impairment is considered to exist if the total estimated future cash flows on an undiscounted basis are less than the carrying amount of the assets
 including goodwill
 if any. An impairment loss is measured and recorded based on discounted estimated future cash flows. In estimating future cash flows
 assets are grouped at the lowest level for which there is identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of future cash flows from other asset groups.


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;Revenue recognition&lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      Revenue is recognized when the following four revenue criteria are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 the selling price is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Sales revenue is recognized net of value added and sales related taxes
 sales discounts and returns at the time when the merchandise is delivered to the customer. Based on historical experience


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;Share-based payments&lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      The Company accounts for share-based compensation awards to employees in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718
 &amp;#8220;Compensation &amp;#8211; Stock Compensation&amp;#8221;
 which requires that share-based payment transactions with employees be measured based on the grant-date fair value of the equity instrument issued and recognized as compensation expense over the requisite service period.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company accounts for share-based compensation awards to non-employees in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718 and FASB ASC Subtopic 505-50
 &amp;#8220;Equity-Based Payments to Non-employees&amp;#8221;. Under FASB ASC Topic 718 and FASB ASC Subtopic 505-50
 stock compensation granted to non-employees has been determined as the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of equity instrument issued


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;
          Income taxes
          &lt;br/&gt;
        &lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      The Company is subject to income taxes in the United States and other foreign jurisdictions where it operates. The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 740
 &amp;#8220;Income Taxes&amp;#8221;. FASB ASC Topic 740 requires an asset and liability approach for financial accounting and reporting for income taxes and allows recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets based upon the likelihood of realization of tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits
 or that future deductibility is uncertain.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s income tax returns are subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service (&amp;#8220;IRS&amp;#8221;) and other tax authorities in the locations where it operates. The Company assesses potentially unfavorable outcomes of such examinations based on the criteria of FASB ASC 740-10-25-5 through 740-10-25-7 and 740-10-25-13 (formerly FASB Interpretation No. 48 (&amp;#8220;FIN 48&amp;#8221;) &amp;#8220;Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes&amp;#8221;). The interpretation prescribes a more-likely-than-not threshold for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken (or expected to be taken) in a tax return. This Interpretation also provides guidance on derecognition of income tax assets and liabilities
 classification of current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities
 accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax positions


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;
          Research and development costs
          &lt;br/&gt;
        &lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      Research and development costs are expensed as incurred
 and are charged to general and administrative expenses. Research and development costs were $173
881
      and $168
746
      for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;
          Advertising costs
          &lt;br/&gt;
        &lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      The Company expenses all advertising costs as incurred. Advertising costs charged to selling expenses were $10
437
      and $10
240
      for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;
          Shipping and handling costs
          &lt;br/&gt;
        &lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      Substantially all costs of shipping and handling of products to customers are included in selling expense. Shipping and handling costs for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 were insignificant.


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;
          Comprehensive income
          &lt;br/&gt;
        &lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      FASB ASC Topic 220
 &amp;#8220;Comprehensive Income&amp;#8221;
 establishes standards for reporting and displaying comprehensive income and its components in the consolidated financial statements. Accumulated other comprehensive income includes foreign currency translation adjustments.


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;
          Foreign currency
          &lt;br/&gt;
        &lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      The Company uses the United States dollar (&amp;#8220;US Dollar&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;US$&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;$&amp;#8221;) for financial reporting purposes. The PRC subsidiaries and VIEs within the Company maintain their books and records in their functional currency
 Chinese Renminbi (&amp;#8220;RMB&amp;#8221;)
 being the lawful currency in the PRC. Assets and liabilities of the PRC subsidiaries and VIEs are translated from RMB into US Dollars using the applicable exchange rates prevailing at the balance sheet date. Items on the statements of income and cash flows are translated at average exchange rates during the reporting period. Equity accounts are translated at historical rates. Adjustments resulting from the translation of the Company&amp;#8217;s financial statements are recorded as accumulated other comprehensive income.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The exchange rates used to translate amounts in RMB into US Dollars for the purposes of preparing the consolidated financial statements are based on the rates as published on the website of People&amp;#8217;s Bank of China and are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=15%&gt;December 31
 2013&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=15%&gt;December 31
 2012&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Balance sheet items
 except for equity accounts&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
              US$1
              =RMB6.0969
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
              US$1
              =RMB6.2855
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Items in the statements of income and cash flows&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
              US$1
              =RMB6.1932
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
              US$1
              =RMB6.3125
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;No representation is made that the RMB amounts could have been
 or could be
 converted into US Dollars at the above rates. The value of RMB against US dollars and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by
 among other things


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;
          Segment reporting
          &lt;br/&gt;
        &lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      The Company follows FASB ASC Topic 280
 &amp;#8220;Segment Reporting&amp;#8221;
 which requires that companies disclose segment data based on how management makes decisions about allocating resources to segments and evaluating their performance.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company believes that during the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 it operated in three business segments &amp;#8211; growing and sales of Cordyceps Militaris
 which is widely used for Chinese medicine
 manufacturing and sale of functional health beverages featuring the Cordyceps Militaris as a core ingredient
 and sales of organic and specialty products. The manufacturing and sale of Cordyceps Militaris functional health beverages was launched in the fourth quarter of 2010.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Throughout the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;
          Earnings per share
          &lt;br/&gt;
        &lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      The Company reports earnings per share in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 260
 Earnings per Share. FASB ASC Topic 260 requires presentation of basic and diluted earnings per share in conjunction with the disclosure of the methodology used in computing such earnings per share. Basic earnings per share excludes dilution and is computed by dividing income available to common stockholders by the weighted average common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share takes into account the potential dilution (using the treasury stock method) that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised and converted into common stock.


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;Commitments and contingencies&lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      The Company follows FASB ASC Subtopic 450-20
 &amp;#8220;Loss Contingencies&amp;#8221; in determining its accruals and disclosures with respect to loss contingencies. Accordingly
 estimated losses from loss contingencies are accrued by a charge to income when information available prior to issuance of the financial statements indicates that it is probable that a liability could be incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Legal expenses associated with the contingency are expensed as incurred. If a loss contingency is not probable or reasonably estimable
 disclosure of the loss contingency is made in the financial statements when it is at least reasonably possible that a material loss could be incurred.


      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;Recent accounting pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
      In March 2013
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2013-05
 Foreign Currency Matters
 (Topic 830): Parent's Accounting for the Cumulative Translation Adjustment upon Derecognition of Certain Subsidiaries or Groups of Assets within a Foreign Entity or of an Investment in a Foreign Entity (ASU 2013-05)
 to resolve a diversity in accounting for the cumulative translation adjustment of foreign currency upon derecognition of a foreign subsidiary or group of assets. ASU 2013-05 requires the parent to apply the guidance in Subtopic 830-30 to release any related cumulative translation adjustment into net income when a reporting entity (parent) ceases to have a controlling financial interest in a subsidiary or group of assets within a foreign entity. Accordingly
 the cumulative translation adjustment should be released into net income only if the sale or transfer results in the complete or substantially complete liquidation of the foreign entity in which the subsidiary or group of assets had resided. Further
 ASU 2013-05 clarified that the parent should apply the guidance in subtopic 810-10 if there is a sale of an investment in a foreign entity
 including both (1) events that result in the loss of a controlling financial interest in a foreign entity and (2) events that result in an acquirer obtaining control of an acquiree in which it held an equity interest immediately before the acquisition date. Accordingly
 the cumulative translation adjustment should be released into net income upon the occurrence of those events. ASU 2013-05 is effective prospectively for the Company in our first quarter of fiscal 2014
 with early adoption permitted. The Company does not expect ASU 2013-05 to have a significant impact on its consolidated results of operations and financial condition.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In July 2013
 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2013-11
 Income Taxes (Topic 740)(ASU 2013-11). The amendments in this update provide guidance on the financial statement presentation of an unrecognized tax benefit when a net operating loss carryforward
 similar tax loss
 or tax credit carryforward exists. These amendments provide that an unrecognized tax benefit
 or a portion thereof
 should be presented in the financial statements as a reduction to a deferred tax asset for a net operating loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss
 or a tax credit carryforward
 except to the extent that a net operating loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss
 or a tax credit carryforward is not available at the reporting date to settle any additional income taxes that would result from disallowance of a tax position
 or the tax law does not require the entity to use
 and the entity does not intend to use
 the deferred tax asset for such purpose
 then the unrecognized tax benefit should be presented as a liability. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December 15
 2013. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect ASU 2013-11 to have a significant impact on its consolidated results of operations and financial condition.&lt;/p&gt;


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          Useful Life
          &lt;br/&gt;
          (In years)
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          20
          -
          40
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Machinery and motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          5
          -
          10
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          5
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;Useful Life&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;(In years)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Exclusive right&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          10
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Computer software&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          4
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=15%&gt;December 31
 2013&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=15%&gt;December 31
 2012&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Balance sheet items
 except for equity accounts&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          US$1
          =RMB6.0969
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          US$1
          =RMB6.2855
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Items in the statements of income and cash flows&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          US$1
          =RMB6.1932
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          US$1
          =RMB6.3125
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;NOTE 3&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=92%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS AND FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company values its financial instruments as required by FASB ASC 320-12-65 (formerly SFAS No. 107
 &amp;#8220;Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments&amp;#8221;). The estimated fair value amounts have been determined by the Company
 using available market information or other appropriate valuation methodologies. However
 considerable judgment is required in interpreting market data to develop estimates of fair value. Consequently
 the estimates are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that could be realized or would be paid in a current market exchange.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;ASC Topic 820
 Fair Value Measurement and Disclosures
 defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. This topic also establishes a fair value hierarchy which requires classification based on observable and unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The fair value hierarchy distinguishes between assumptions based on market data (observable inputs) and an entity&amp;#8217;s own assumptions (unobservable inputs). The hierarchy consists of three levels:&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=top width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=top width=10%&gt;Level one &amp;#8212;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=92%&gt;Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=top width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=top width=10%&gt;Level two &amp;#8212;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=92%&gt;Inputs other than level one inputs that are either directly or indirectly observable; and&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=top width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=top width=10%&gt;Level three &amp;#8212;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=92%&gt;Unobservable inputs developed using estimates and assumptions
 which are developed by the reporting entity and reflect those assumptions that a market participant would use.&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Determining which category an asset or liability falls within the hierarchy requires significant judgment. The Company evaluates its hierarchy disclosures each quarter.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis includes cash and cash equivalents
 trade and other receivables
 payables and derivative instruments &amp;#8211; warrants.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents
 trade and other receivables and payables approximate their fair values due to the short maturities of these instruments. The carrying value of derivative instruments &amp;#8211; warrants
 being classified as level 2 financial instruments
 was
      nil
      and $173
      as of December 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 respectively.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;There was no asset or liability measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis as of December 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;For stock-based derivative financial instruments
 the Company uses Monte-Carlo simulation methods to value the derivative instruments at inception and on subsequent valuation dates. These stock-based derivative financial statements
 including Series A Series B Warrants and Series C Warrants expired on December 16
 2012 and June 28
 2013

  
  

			&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
				&lt;td align=left style=width: 64px; width=10%&gt;
					&lt;b&gt;NOTE 4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td align=left style=width: 924px; width=92%&gt;
					&lt;b&gt;ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE
 NET&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;
		&lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
			Accounts receivable consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
							&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=27%&gt;
							&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							Accounts receivable&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							$&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							56
922&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							$&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							81
497&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							Less: Allowance for doubtful debts&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							-&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							-&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;b&gt;Accounts receivable
 net&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&lt;b&gt;56
922 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&lt;b&gt;81
497 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
				&lt;/table&gt;
		&lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
			No allowance was deemed necessary as of December 31


    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=27%&gt;
        &lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        &lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        56
922
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        81
497
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Less: Allowance for doubtful debts&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        -
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        -
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;b&gt;Accounts receivable
 net&lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
        &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        &lt;b&gt;
          56
922
        &lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
        &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        &lt;b&gt;
          81
497
        &lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

			&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
				&lt;td align=left style=width: 69px; width=10%&gt;
					&lt;b&gt;NOTE 5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td align=left style=width: 919px; width=92%&gt;
					&lt;b&gt;INVENTORIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;
		&lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
			Inventories by major categories are summarized as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
							&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=27%&gt;
							&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							Raw materials&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							$&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							240
498&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							$&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							321
207&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							Work in progress&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							404
190&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							397
991&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							47
159&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							246
053&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&lt;b&gt;691
847 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&lt;b&gt;965
251 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;


    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=27%&gt;
        &lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        &lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Raw materials&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        240
498
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        321
207
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Work in progress&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        404
190
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        397
991
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        47
159
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        246
053
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
        &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        &lt;b&gt;
          691
847
        &lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
        &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        &lt;b&gt;
          965
251
        &lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
			&lt;td align=left style=width: 61px; width=10%&gt;
				&lt;b&gt;NOTE 6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;td align=left style=width: 931px; width=92%&gt;
				&lt;b&gt;PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
		&lt;/tr&gt;
	&lt;/table&gt;
	&lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
		Prepayments and other receivables consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
					&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
				&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
					&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=27%&gt;
						&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;/tr&gt;
				&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
					&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
						&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
						&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;/tr&gt;
				&lt;tr&gt;
					&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td width=2%&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;/tr&gt;
				&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
					&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
						Prepayments for raw material purchasing&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
						$&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
						1
271
672&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
						$&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
						1
310
112&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;/tr&gt;
				&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
					&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
						Other receivables
 net of $nil allowance&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
						28
340&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
						11
614&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;/tr&gt;
				&lt;tr&gt;
					&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;/tr&gt;
				&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
					&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
						&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
						&lt;b&gt;1
300
012 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
						&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
						&lt;b&gt;1
321
726 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000;  width=2%&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;/tr&gt;


    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=27%&gt;
        &lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        &lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Prepayments for raw material purchasing&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        1
271
672
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        1
310
112
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
        Other receivables
 net of $nil
        allowance
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        28
340
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        11
614
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
        &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        &lt;b&gt;
          1
300
012
        &lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
        &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        &lt;b&gt;
          1
321
726
        &lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000;  width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;NOTE 7&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=92%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Intangible assets
 net consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=27%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Computer software
 cost&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
629
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
580
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Exclusive right to use a secret process
 cost&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                4
922
509
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                4
774
807
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Less: Accumulated amortization&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (3
816
401
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (3
224
365
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  1
107
737
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  1
552
022
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      In April 2006
 the Company purchased from a third party a ten-year exclusive right to use a secret process and method in the cultivation and growing of Cordyceps Militaris
 which is widely used for traditional Chinese medicine
 for a cash consideration of RMB30
000
000
 payable over five years. The exclusive right is amortized over its term of ten years using the straight-line method.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Amortization expense was $484
640
      and $475
489
      for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. The estimated expense of the intangible assets over each of the next three years will be:
    &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Fiscal 2014&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                492
304
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Fiscal 2015&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                492
303
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Fiscal 2016&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                123
130
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  1
107
737
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=27%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Computer software
 cost&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
629
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
580
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Exclusive right to use a secret process
 cost&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            4
922
509
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            4
774
807
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Less: Accumulated amortization&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (3
816
401
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (3
224
365
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              1
107
737
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              1
552
022
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Fiscal 2014&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            492
304
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Fiscal 2015&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            492
303
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Fiscal 2016&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            123
130
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              1
107
737
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;NOTE 8&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=92%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 NET&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment
 net consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=27%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Cost:&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                19
783
618
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                19
189
999
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                29
213
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                28
337
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;Machinery&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                137
815
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                133
680
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                119
246
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                115
668
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Total cost&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                20
069
892
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                19
467
684
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Less: Accumulated depreciation&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (4
588
643
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (3
476
624
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Net book value&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  15
481
249
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  15
991
060
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 was $988
856
      and $759
979
 respectively.


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=27%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Cost:&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            19
783
618
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            19
189
999
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            29
213
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            28
337
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;Machinery&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            137
815
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            133
680
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            119
246
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            115
668
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Total cost&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            20
069
892
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            19
467
684
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Less: Accumulated depreciation&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (4
588
643
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (3
476
624
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Net book value&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              15
481
249
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              15
991
060
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;NOTE 9&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=92%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;OTHER PAYABLES
 ACCRUALS AND TAXES PAYABLE&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Other payables and accruals consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=27%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Accrued staff costs&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
086
644
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
427
792
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Other payables&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                81
313
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                53
406
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  1
167
957
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  1
481
198
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Accrued staff costs mainly represent salary payables
 fringe and social benefit accruals. According to the prevailing laws and regulations of the PRC
 all eligible employees of the Company&amp;#8217;s subsidiaries and VIEs are entitled to staff welfare benefits including medical care
 welfare subsidies
 unemployment insurance and pension benefits through a PRC government-mandated multi-employer defined contribution plan (&amp;#8220;social insurance&amp;#8221;). The Company&amp;#8217;s subsidiaries and VIEs are required to: i) accrue the social insurance based on certain percentages of the qualified employees&amp;#8217; salaries; and ii) make contributions to the plans for the amounts accrued. For the past periods
 the Company&amp;#8217;s subsidiaries and VIEs recorded the accrual amount but the actual social insurance plan was not established to receive the contribution. The recorded accruals for the social insurance reflected an estimate of the probable liability incurred based on the information available at the date of each financial statement.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Upon establishment of the plans in December 2013
 the Company&amp;#8217;s subsidiaries and VIEs began to contribute to the plans for all currently eligible employees. Based on the number of eligible employees
 the qualified employee&amp;#8217;s salaries and the prevailing laws and regulations of PRC at that time
 the Company&amp;#8217;s subsidiaries and VIEs re-measured the liabilities incurred to be $1
042
880. As a result
 the Company derecognized $934
855
      of previously accrued staff costs
 resulting in a gain on re-measurement of accrued staff fringe and social benefits and recorded that amount in the income statement.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Taxes payable consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=27%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Value added tax&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;451
340&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;756
525&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Income tax&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2
316
261&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2
120
116&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Others&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;111
571&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;104
495&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2
879
172&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2
981
136&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=27%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Accrued staff costs&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
086
644
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
427
792
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Other payables&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            81
313
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            53
406
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              1
167
957
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              1
481
198
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=27%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Value added tax&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;451
340&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;756
525&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Income tax&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2
316
261&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2
120
116&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Others&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;111
571&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;104
495&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2
879
172&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2
981
136&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;NOTE 10&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=92%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;STOCKHOLDERS&amp;#8217; EQUITY&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;Private Placement Transaction&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On December 17
 2009
 the Company completed a private placement transaction and sold
      1
000
000
      shares of common stock to certain accredited investors at $2.50
      per share for a total of $2.5
      million pursuant to a securities purchase agreement. In addition
 the Company issued to each of the investors two warrants to purchase in aggregate
      500
000
      shares of common stock
 including a Series A warrant having a term of three years with an exercise price of $3.25
      per share and a Series B warrant having a term of three years with an exercise price of $4.00
      per share
 both of which are subject to the usual adjustments for certain corporate events.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      In addition
 pursuant to the securities purchase agreement
 the Shareholder agreed to place a total of
      1
000
000
      shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock held by it into escrow to secure the make good obligations described below on behalf of the investors. Under the securities purchase agreement
 the Shareholder agreed that: (i) in the event that the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial statements reflect less than $9
000
000
      of after-tax income for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2010
 it would transfer to the investors
 on a pro rata basis
 for no additional consideration
      500
000
      shares of common stock owned by it; and (ii) in the event that the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial statements reflect less than $11
000
000
      of after-tax net income for the fiscal year ending December 31
 2011
 it would transfer to the investors
 on a pro rata basis
 for no additional consideration
      500
000
      shares of common stock owned by it. The Company achieved the 2011 and 2010 performance threshold and no escrow shares had been transferred to the investors.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On May 27
 2010
 the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement) with certain investors
 pursuant to which
 the Company agreed to issue and sell up to an aggregate of
      250
000
      units at a purchase price of $28.56
      per unit
 for an aggregate purchase price of up to $7
140
000
      (the Aggregate Purchase Price). Each unit consists of (i) one share of a newly designated series A preferred stock
 (Series A Preferred Stock)
 with an initial one-to-ten conversion ratio convertible into shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock
 (Common Stock)
 and (ii) warrants to purchase five shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $3.40
      per share (Warrants
 together with the shares of Series A Preferred Stock
 the Securities). In addition
 the Company and the investors agreed
 that the placement agent of this transaction
 will receive from the investors a fee equal to
      2% of the Aggregate Purchase Price and Warrants to purchase
      2% of the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be issued under the Securities Purchase Agreement are convertible into.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement
 the Company also granted registration rights to holders of registrable securities
 which include shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon conversion of shares of the Series A Preferred Stock and shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants (the Registrable Securities). Holders holding a majority of the Securities then outstanding may request the Company to file a registration statement to register the Registrable Securities within a pre-defined period (the Registration Statement). The Company may be subject to liquidated damages in the amounts prescribed by the Securities Purchase Agreement if it is unable to file the Registration Statement timely or maintain its effectiveness as required by the Securities Purchase Agreement.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On June 7
 2010
 the Company effected the first closing of a private placement transaction and issued approximately
      123
403
      units at a purchase price of $28.56
      per unit for gross proceeds of $3
524
342.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On June 28
 2010
 the Company effected the second closing of a private placement transaction and issued approximately
      74
303
      units at a purchase price of $28.56
      per unit for gross proceeds of $2
121
938.
    &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;Stock Repurchase&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement
 a written request was received from a holder holding a majority of Series A Preferred Stock on July 14
 2010 and the Company filed the Registration Statement on August 11
 2010. The Registration Statement was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (&amp;#8220;SEC&amp;#8221;) on September 15
 2010.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On August 24
 2011
 the Board of Directors of the Company authorized a repurchase of up to $5
      million of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock over twelve months (the &amp;#8220;Repurchase Program&amp;#8221;). In connection with the adoption of the Repurchase Program
 the Company entered into an amendment agreement (&amp;#8220;Amendment No. 1&amp;#8221;) with the investors to amend the Securities Purchase Agreement. Specifically
 under Amendment No. 1
 the Company may use the proceeds for general corporate and working capital purposes and acquisition of assets
 businesses or operations or for other purposes that the Board of Directors in good faith deems to be in the best interest of the Company
 including the repurchase or redemption of shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s capital stock.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Also on August 24
 2011
 the Company entered into a lock up agreement with the investors
 pursuant to which the investors agreed not to sell
 transfer or dispose of
 directly or indirectly
 any shares of Company common stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Company common stock that it beneficially owns without a prior written consent of the Company for a period of six months.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The Company repurchased
      38
894
      and 4
661shares of its common stock under the Repurchase Program at a weighted-average price of $1.78
      and $2.05
      per share for an aggregate purchase cost of $69
214
      and $9
553
      for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. The Repurchase Program expired on August 24
 2012.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;Allocation of Proceeds in the Private Placement&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The guidance provided in ASC 470-20-30-5 has been applied to the amount allocated to the convertible Series A Preferred Stock
 and the effective conversion price has been used
 to measure the intrinsic value
 if any
 of the embedded conversion option. The fair value of the embedded conversion features of the Series A Preferred Stock of $1
143
198
      and $644
532
      were calculated using the intrinsic value model in accordance with the guidance provided in ASC Topic 470-20-30-6 (formerly EITF 00-2 &amp;#160; 7
 &amp;#8220;Application of Issue No. 98-5 to Certain Convertible Instruments&amp;#8221;) and limited to the amount of the proceeds allocated to the convertible instrument on June 7
 2010 and June 28
 2010
 respectively. The intrinsic value of the beneficial conversion feature was calculated by comparing the effective conversion price
 which was determined based on the proceeds from the private placement allocated to the convertible Series A Preferred Stock
 and the market price of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock of $3.20
      and $3.16
      on June 7
 2010 and June 28
 2010
 respectively. The fair value of $1
143
198
      and $644
532
      of the beneficial conversion feature has been recognized as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible Series A Preferred Stock and an addition to paid-in capital.
    &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The following table sets out the allocation of the proceeds from the Private Placement:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Proceeds of the private placement on June 7
 2010&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              3
524
342
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Allocation of proceeds to Series C Warrants to investors&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (718
698
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Allocation of proceeds to beneficial conversion feature&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (1
143
198
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Amortization of discount resulting from the accounting for a beneficial conversion feature&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
143
198
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Convertible Series A Preferred Stock (net of fees and expenses) at December 31
 2010&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              2
805
644
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Preferred stock converted into common stock&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (85
546
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Convertible Series A Preferred Stock at December 31
 2011&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              2
720
098
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Preferred stock converted into common stock&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (689
392
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Convertible Series A Preferred Stock at December 31
 2012 and 2013&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              2
030
706
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Proceeds of the private placement on June 28
 2010&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              2
121
938
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Allocation of proceeds to Series C Warrants to investors&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (418
668
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Allocation of proceeds to beneficial conversion feature&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (644
532
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Amortization of discount resulting from the accounting for a beneficial conversion feature&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              644
532
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Convertible Series A Preferred Stock (net of fees and expenses) at December 31
 2010&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
703
270
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Preferred stock converted into common stock&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (1
052
162
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Convertible Series A Preferred Stock at December 31
 2011&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              651
108
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Preferred stock converted into common stock&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (104
490
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Convertible Series A Preferred Stock at December 31
 2012&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              546
618
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Preferred stock converted into common stock&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (67
141
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Convertible Series A Preferred Stock at December 31
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              479
477
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In accordance with ASC Topic 470-20-30-6
 the discount on the Series A Preferred Stock resulting from the accounting for a beneficial conversion feature was amortized and charged to retained earnings
 because the Series A Preferred Stock is immediately convertible upon issuance and has no stated redemption date. Amortization of the discount resulting from the accounting for a beneficial conversion feature is considered analogous to a return to holders of perpetual preferred stock and has been accounted for as a reduction to net income available to common stockholders for the purpose of calculation of earnings per share.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;Preferred Stock&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The Board of the Company is authorized
 without further action by the shareholders
 to issue
 from time to time
 up to
      1
000
000
      shares of preferred stock in one or more classes or series. Similarly
 the Board is authorized to fix or alter the designations
 powers
 preferences and the number of shares which constitute each such class or series of preferred stock. Such designations
 powers or preferences may include
 without limitation
 dividend rights (and whether dividends are cumulative)
 conversion rights
 if any
 voting rights (including the number of votes
 if any
 per share)
 redemption rights (including sinking fund provisions
 if any)
 and liquidation preferences of any unissued shares or wholly unissued series of preferred stock.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On May 27
 2010
 the Company created
 from the authorized but unissued shares of its preferred stock
 a series of preferred stock consisting of
      300
000
      shares and has designated this series of preferred stock as the Series A Preferred Stock of which the Company issued
      197
706
      shares upon the closings of the private placement in 2010.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The following are the principal terms of the Series A Preferred Stock:&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Rank: The Series A Preferred Stock ranks senior to the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock
 but junior to all indebtedness of the Company.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Dividend: Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to a cumulative dividend at an annual rate of
      6% of the Series A Preferred Stock
 payable in additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock
 compounded quarterly
 and payable upon the occurrence of a Liquidation Event
 Conversion
 Mandatory Conversion or from time-to-time at the discretion of the Board. When dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock are paid
 each such additional share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be valued at the Original Series A Purchase Price
 which may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to a split
 subdivision
 combination or other similar events.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Optional Conversion: Shares of the Series A Preferred Stock are optionally convertible into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock at a conversion rate calculated by dividing (i) $28.00
      per share plus any declared
 accrued but unpaid dividends by (ii) the conversion price (the &amp;#8220;Conversion Price&amp;#8221;)
 which is initially $2.80
      per share
 subject to adjustment as provided in the Certificate. Initially
 each share of Series A Preferred Stock is convertible into
      10
      shares of Common Stock.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Mandatory Conversion: All outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock will automatically convert to shares of Common Stock
 subject to the conversion restrictions set forth in the Certificate of Designation (the Mandatory Conversion)
 at the earlier to occur of (i) the Company&amp;#8217;s shares of Common Stock are listed on the New York Stock Exchange
 the NYSE Amex
 the NASDAQ Global Market
 the NASDAQ Global Select Market or the NASDAQ Capital Market (each
 a National Stock Exchange) and the registration statement on Form S-1 or such other appropriate form promulgated by the SEC registering the Common Stock underlying the Securities pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement is declared effective by the Commission
 and (ii)
      12
      months from the date that the Company's shares of Common Stock are first listed on a National Stock Exchange.
    &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Adjustment to Conversion Price: If the Company shall issue any additional stock without consideration or for consideration per share less than the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to the issuance of such additional stock
 then such Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such issuance shall be adjusted to a price determined by multiplying such Conversion Price by a fraction:&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Sum of (x) the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the issuance of such additional stock plus (y) the number of shares of Common Stock that the aggregate consideration received by the Company for the total number of such additional stock so issued would purchase at Conversion Price (divided by) (x) the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the issuance of such additional stock plus (y) the number of shares of such additional stock so issued.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Voting: The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will vote on an as converted basis
 together with the Common Stock
 as a single class
 in connection with any proposal submitted to the Company&amp;#8217;s stockholders
 except as required by Nevada law.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Liquidation Preference: The Series A Preferred Stock has a preference over the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock on the Company&amp;#8217;s liquidation
 dissolution or winding up equal to $28
      per share of the Series A Preferred Stock plus any accrued but unpaid dividends thereon
 as of the date of liquidation.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Registration Rights: The holders of Series A Preferred Stock have the right to request the Company to file a Registration Statement to register &amp;#8220;Registrable Securities&amp;#8221; (which include the common stock into which the Series A Preferred Stock and Warrants are convertible). Upon such request
 no later than
      30
      days upon receipt of such request (the &amp;#8220;Required Filing Date&amp;#8221;) the Company should use its commercially reasonable efforts to register the Common Stock underlying the Registrable Securities and have the Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC which is not later than the earlier of (x)
      150
      calendar days after the Required Filing Date
 or (y) if the Registration Statement is not reviewed by the SEC
      5
      business days after oral or written notice to the Company or its counsel from the SEC that there will not be a review.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Effect of failure to file and obtain and maintain effectiveness of Registration Statement &amp;#8211; the Company shall pay to each holder of Registrable Securities an amount in cash equal to
      1% of the aggregate purchase price of the Securities owned by such holder as liquidated damages
 but in no event shall liquidated damages exceed
      8% of the Purchase Price.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;Accounting for Series A Preferred Stock&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company has evaluated the terms of the Series A Preferred Stock and determined that the Series A Preferred Stock
 without embodying an obligation for the Company to repurchase or to settle by transferring assets
 is not a liability in accordance with the guidance provided in ASC Topic 480
 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Also
 the Series A Preferred Stock has no redemption clause at all
 it is not a mezzanine equity (out of permanent equity) in accordance with the requirement of ASC 480-10-S99.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Series A Preferred Stock is not subject to redemption (except on liquidation) and the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to vote together with common stock holders on an as-converted basis. The Series A Preferred Stock
 excluding the embedded conversion option
 are considered to be an equity instrument and accordingly
 the embedded conversion option has not been separated and accounted for as a derivative instrument liability.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      During the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
      2
944
      shares and
      34
810
      respectively
 of Series A Preferred Stock were converted into
      29
440
      shares and
      348
100
      shares of common stock
 respectively
 at a
      1
      for
      10
      ratio. In addition
 during the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
      6
840
      shares and
      34
150
      shares of common stock were issued to the investors as settlement of stock dividends of $19
138
      and $201
705
 respectively.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;Common Stock Purchase Warrants&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;u&gt;Series C Warrants&lt;/u&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      In connection with the issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock
 the Company issued Series C Warrants to the investors and the placement agent to purchase up to
      592
327
      and
      24
681
      shares
 respectively
 of common stock on June 7
 2010 and
      356
634
      and
      14
859
      shares
 respectively
 on June 28
 2010
 respectively
 all at an exercise price of $3.40
      per share issued and outstanding. The Series C Warrants have a term of exercise expiring
      3
      years from the issuance date. The Series C Warrants at the option of the holder
 may be exercised by cash payment of the exercise price or
 the holder may acquire the underlying shares of common stock through a cashless exercise.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company will not receive any additional proceeds to the extent that the Series C Warrants are exercised by cashless exercise.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The exercise price and number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Series C Warrants may be adjusted : 1) upon issuance of additional stock lower than the exercise price. 2) upon subdivision or combination of common stocks; or 3) upon distribution of assets and other dilutive events.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;Accounting for Series A
 Series B and Series C Warrants&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Series A and Series B Warrants issued to certain investors on December 17
 2009 to purchase
      500
000
      shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock had a term of three years and exercise prices of $3.25
      and $4.00
      per share
 respectively. These warrants contain standard anti-dilution provisions for stock dividends
 stock splits
 stock combination
 recapitalization and a change of control transaction. Because these warrants do not contain any contingent exercise provisions and their settlement amount will equal the difference between the fair value of a fixed number of the Company&amp;#8217;s equity shares and a fixed strike price
 these warrants
 which are freestanding instruments
 qualify for the scope exception under the guidance provided in ASC 815-40-15-5 through 815-40-15-8
 and are considered indexed to the Company&amp;#8217;s own stock. Accordingly
 Series A and Series B Warrants have been classified as equity. Series A and Series B Warrants expired on December 16
 2012. (Note 3)
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Since the Series C Warrants issued to the investors and the placement agent in June 2010 contain reset exercise price provisions
 the Company had determined to classify these warrants as derivative liabilities. The reset exercise provisions of the warrants issued to the investors and the placement agent in June 2010 were recorded at their relative fair values at issuance of $1
182
860
      and would continue to be recorded at fair market value at each subsequent balance sheet date
 Any change in value between reporting periods would be recorded as other income (expense). These warrants would continue to be reported as a liability until such time when they were exercised or expire. The fair value of these warrants was estimated using Monte-Carlo simulation methods. All Series C Warrants expired on June 28
 2013. (Note 3)
    &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      As of December 31
 2013
 the fair value of these outstanding Series C Warrants was determined to be
      nil
 accordingly
 the Company recorded $173
      and $144
238
      in other income related to the change in the fair value of the Series C Warrants during the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. There is no cash flow impact for the warrant liability until the Series C Warrants are exercised.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The following table presents a reconciliation of the warrant liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using Level 2 from January 1
 2012 to December 31
 2013:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;Warrant Liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Balance at January 1
 2012&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              144
411
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Change in fair value included in earnings&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (144
238
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Balance at December 31
 2012&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-top-style: solid; border-top-width: 1 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-top-style: solid; border-top-width: 1 valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              173
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Change in fair value included in earnings&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (173
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Balance at December 31
 2013&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;
        &lt;u&gt;IR Warrants&lt;/u&gt;
      &lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On May 27
 2010
 the Company entered into an investor relations agreement with a consultant in which the consultant would provide certain consulting services to the Company for a term of one year. In exchange for the consulting services provided
 the consultant should receive (i) a cash fee of $100
000
      and (ii)
      100
000
      warrants (the &amp;#8220;IR Warrants&amp;#8221;) at an exercise price of $3.80
      and a term of three years from issuance date. The above
      100
000
      IR Warrants were issued on July 1
 2010. The grant date fair value of these IR warrants was estimated at $89
435
      using the Black-Scholes valuation model and $nil
      were charged as general and administrative expenses during the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012. Series IR Warrants expired on June 7
 2013.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Warrants issued and outstanding at December 31
 2013
 and changes during the two years then ended
 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Average Remaining&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;underlying&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Exercise&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Contractual Life&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;shares&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Price&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;(years)&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Balance
 January 1
 2012&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
588
501
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              3.50
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              2.29
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              (500
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              3.63
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Exercised&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2012&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
088
501
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              3.44
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              0.45
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              (1
088
501
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              3.44
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Exercised&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Exercisable at December 31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Proceeds of the private placement on June 7
 2010&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          3
524
342
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Allocation of proceeds to Series C Warrants to investors&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (718
698
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Allocation of proceeds to beneficial conversion feature&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (1
143
198
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Amortization of discount resulting from the accounting for a beneficial conversion feature&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
143
198
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Convertible Series A Preferred Stock (net of fees and expenses) at December 31
 2010&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          2
805
644
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Preferred stock converted into common stock&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (85
546
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Convertible Series A Preferred Stock at December 31
 2011&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          2
720
098
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Preferred stock converted into common stock&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (689
392
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Convertible Series A Preferred Stock at December 31
 2012 and 2013&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          2
030
706
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Proceeds of the private placement on June 28
 2010&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          2
121
938
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Allocation of proceeds to Series C Warrants to investors&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (418
668
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Allocation of proceeds to beneficial conversion feature&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (644
532
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Amortization of discount resulting from the accounting for a beneficial conversion feature&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          644
532
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Convertible Series A Preferred Stock (net of fees and expenses) at December 31
 2010&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
703
270
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Preferred stock converted into common stock&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (1
052
162
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Convertible Series A Preferred Stock at December 31
 2011&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          651
108
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Preferred stock converted into common stock&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (104
490
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Convertible Series A Preferred Stock at December 31
 2012&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          546
618
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Preferred stock converted into common stock&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (67
141
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Convertible Series A Preferred Stock at December 31
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          479
477
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;Warrant Liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Balance at January 1
 2012&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          144
411
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Change in fair value included in earnings&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (144
238
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Balance at December 31
 2012&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-top-style: solid; border-top-width: 1 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-top-style: solid; border-top-width: 1 valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          173
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Change in fair value included in earnings&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (173
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Balance at December 31
 2013&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Average Remaining&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;underlying&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Exercise&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Contractual Life&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;shares&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Price&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;(years)&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Balance
 January 1
 2012&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
588
501
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          3.50
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          2.29
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          (500
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          3.63
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Exercised&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2012&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
088
501
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          3.44
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          0.45
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          (1
088
501
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          3.44
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Exercised&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Exercisable at December 31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;NOTE 11&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=92%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;STATUTORY RESERVES&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      In accordance with the PRC Companies Law
 the Company&amp;#8217;s PRC subsidiaries and VIEs were required to transfer
      10% of their profits after tax
 as determined in accordance with accounting standards and regulations of the PRC
 to the statutory surplus reserve and a percentage of not less than
      5%
 as determined by management
 of the profits after tax to the public welfare fund. However
 the Company&amp;#8217;s PRC subsidiaries and VIEs were not required to transfer any profit after tax to the statutory surplus reserve after the accumulated statutory surplus reserves reached
      50% of registered capital of the Company&amp;#8217;s PRC subsidiaries and VIEs. With the amendment of the PRC Companies Law which was effective from January 1
 2006
 enterprises in the PRC were no longer required to transfer any profit to the public welfare fund. Any balance of the public welfare fund brought forward from December 31
 2005 should be transferred to the statutory surplus reserve. The statutory surplus reserve is non-distributable.

  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;NOTE 12&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=92%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The Company was authorized to issue an aggregate of
      2
500
000
      shares of its common stock under the 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (&amp;#8220;Plan&amp;#8221;) as equity awards of incentive stock options
 non-statutory stock options
 restricted stock
 and other equity incentives to employees
 officers
 directors and consultants. The Plan expires in 2019 and as of December 31
 2013
 there were
      555
000
      shares of common stock available for grant pursuant to the Plan.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;Stock options granted to Management&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On July 16
 2010
 the Company entered into a stock option agreement with Mr. Robert Tick (&amp;#8220;Mr. Tick&amp;#8221;)
 the Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 under the Company&amp;#8217;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan. Pursuant to the terms of the stock option agreement
 Mr. Tick was granted options to purchase an aggregate of
      150
000
      shares of common stock of the Company
 consisting of
 an option to purchase
      75
000
      shares that would vest in 2011 with an exercise price of $5.00
      per share
 and an option to purchase
      75
000
      shares that would vest in 2012 with an exercise price of $7.00
      per share. Each of these options expires three years after their respective vesting dates.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;According to the stock option agreement
 in the event Mr. Tick&amp;#8217;s employment with the Company is terminated for any reason except for death or disability
 he may exercise these options only to the extent that these options would have been exercisable on the termination date and no later than three months after the termination date. If Mr. Tick&amp;#8217;s employment is terminated because of his death or disability
 these options may be exercised only to the extent that these options would have been exercisable by Mr. Tick on the termination date and must be exercised by Mr. Tick no later than twelve months after the termination date. If the employment is terminated for Cause as defined in the stock option Agreement
 these options will terminate immediately. In no event will these options be exercised later than December 31
 2015.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On January 24
 2011
 the Compensation Committee of the Board approved the repricing of the options that the Company granted to Mr. Tick on July 16
 2010. As a result
 each such option outstanding had an exercise price of $3.50
      per share which was higher than the closing price of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock on the OTC Bulletin Board on the date of repricing. In addition
 the vesting schedules of the outstanding options granted to Mr. Tick were changed from vesting on an annual basis to vesting on a semi-annual basis.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On August 8
 2013
 the Company entered into a stock option agreement with Mr. Tick
 under the Company&amp;#8217;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan. Pursuant to the terms of the stock option agreement
 Mr. Tick was granted options to purchase an aggregate of
      75
000
      shares of common stock of the Company
 consisting of
 an option to purchase
      37
500
      shares that would vest in 2013 with an exercise price of $0.83
      per share
 and an option to purchase
      37
500
      shares that will vest in 2014 with an exercise price of $0.83
      per share. Each of these options expires three years after their respective vesting dates.
    &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In accordance with the guidance provided in ASC Topic 718
 Stock Compensation
 the compensation costs associated with these options are recognized
 based on the grant-date fair values of these options
 over the requisite service period
 or vesting period. Also in accordance with ASC Topic 718
 incremental compensation cost is measured as the excess
 if any
 of the fair value of the modified award over the fair value of the original award immediately before its terms are modified. The fair value of the option award was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option valuation model. The valuation was based on the assumptions noted in the following table.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Expected volitility&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
              73%
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;Expected dividend&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
              0%
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Expected terms (in year)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
              1
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;Risk-free rate&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
              0.12%
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;A summary of options issued and outstanding at December 31
 2013 and the movements during the two years then ended are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Weighted- Average&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Underlying&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Intrinsic&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Contractual Life&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Per Share&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;strong&gt;
                Value
                &lt;sup&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;
              &lt;/strong&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Remaining in Years&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Outstanding at January 1
 2012&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              150
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              3.50
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              3.25
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Granted&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Exercised&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Expired&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2012&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              150
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              3.50
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              2.25
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Granted&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              75
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              0.28
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              96
750
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              3.08
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Exercised&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Expired&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              225
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              2.61
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              96
750
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1.86
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Exercisable at December 31
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              187
500
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              2.97
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              48
375
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1.57
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;(i)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pre-tax intrinsic value that would have been realized by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options on December 31
 2013. The intrinsic value of a stock option is the excess of the Company&amp;#8217;s closing stock price on December 31
 2013 at $2.12
            per share over the exercise price $0.83
            per share
 multiplied by the number of shares subject to the option..
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Accordingly
 the Company recognized compensation expense of $10
179
      and $88
251
      in relation to the options granted to Mr. Tick for the two years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.
    &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;Restricted shares granted to Management&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On July 16
 2010
 the Company also entered into a restricted shares grant agreement (the Restricted Shares Grant Agreement) under the Company&amp;#8217;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan with Mr. Tick. Pursuant to the terms of the Restricted Shares Grant Agreement
 the Company granted to Mr. Tick
      150
000
      restricted shares (the &amp;#8220;Restricted Shares&amp;#8221;) of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock subject to the vesting schedule therein. If Mr. Tick&amp;#8217;s service with the Company ceases for any reason other than Mr. Tick&amp;#8217;s (a) death
 (b) disability
 (c) retirement
 or (d) termination by the Company without cause
 any unvested restricted shares will be automatically forfeited to the Company.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Restricted Shares vest under the following schedule:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=50%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;Number of Shares&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=50%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;Vesting Date&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff width=50%&gt;
              25
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=50%&gt;December 31
 2010&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=50%&gt;
              25
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=50%&gt;June 30
 2011&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff width=50%&gt;
              25
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=50%&gt;December 31
 2011&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=50%&gt;
              25
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=50%&gt;June 30
 2012&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff width=50%&gt;
              25
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=50%&gt;December 31
 2012&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=50%&gt;
              25
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=50%&gt;June 30
 2013&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On November 26
 2012
 the Company also entered into a restricted shares grant agreement (the Second Restricted Shares Grant Agreement) under the Company&amp;#8217;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan with Mr. Tick. Pursuant to the terms of the Second Restricted Shares Grant Agreement
 the Company granted to Mr. Tick
      20
000
      restricted shares (the &amp;#8220;Restricted Shares&amp;#8221;) of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock subject to the vesting schedule therein. If Mr. Tick&amp;#8217;s service with the Company ceases for any reason other than Mr. Tick&amp;#8217;s (a) death
 (b) disability
 (c) retirement
 or (d) termination by the Company without cause
 any unvested restricted shares will be automatically forfeited to the Company. The Second Restricted Shares vested immediately upon grant
 on November 26
 2012
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On August 8
 2013
 the Company entered into a restricted shares grant agreement (the Third Restricted Shares Grant Agreement) under the Company&amp;#8217;s Plan with Mr. Tick. Pursuant to the terms of the Third Restricted Shares Grant Agreement
 the Company granted to Mr. Tick
      75
000
      restricted shares (the &amp;#8220;Restricted Shares&amp;#8221;) of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock subject to the vesting schedule therein. If Mr. Tick&amp;#8217;s service with the Company ceases for any reason other than Mr. Tick&amp;#8217;s (a) death
 (b) disability
 (c) retirement
 or (d) termination by the Company without cause
 any unvested restricted shares will be automatically forfeited to the Company. The Third Restricted Shares vest under the following schedule:
      37
500
      shares vest on November 15
 2013 and
      37
500
      shares vest on April 15
 2014.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company recognizes compensation cost for an award with only service conditions that has a graded vesting schedule on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award
 provided that the compensation cost recognized at any date must at least equal the portion of the grant-date value of the award that is vested at that date. No compensation cost is recognized for instruments that are forfeited by the Company because a service condition or a performance condition is not satisfied.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;Restricted shares granted to Management&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Accordingly
 the Company recognized compensation expense of $111
771
      and $172
583
 related to the restricted shares granted to Mr. Tick for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 based on the estimated grant-date fair value of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock of $0.83
      on August 8
 2013
 $1.15
      on November 26
 2012 and $3.00
      on July 16
 2010
 respectively.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;Restricted shares granted to Employees&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On November 12
 2012
 the Company also entered into nine restricted shares grant agreements (the Restricted Shares Grant Agreement) under the Company&amp;#8217;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan with nine employees. Pursuant to the terms of the Restricted Shares Grant Agreements
 the Company granted to these employees a total of
      360
000
      restricted shares (the &amp;#8220;Restricted Shares&amp;#8221;) of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock subject to the vesting schedule therein. If these employees&amp;#8217; service with the Company ceases for any reason other than these employees&amp;#8217; (a) death
 (b) disability
 (c) retirement
 or (d) termination by the Company without cause
 any unvested restricted shares will be automatically forfeited to the Company. The Restricted Shares vested immediately upon grant
 on November 12
 2012
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On November 15
 2013
 the Company entered into a restricted shares grant agreement (the &amp;#8220;Restricted Shares Grant Agreement&amp;#8221;) under the Company&amp;#8217;s Plans with eight employees. Pursuant to the terms of the Restricted Shares Grant Agreement
 the Company granted to these employees a total of
      350
000
      restricted shares to the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock subject to the vesting schedule therein. If these employees&amp;#8217; service with the Company ceases for any reason other than these employees&amp;#8217; (a) death
 (b) disability
 (c) retirement
 or (d) termination by the Company without cause
 any unvested restricted shares will be automatically forfeited to the Company. The Restricted Shares vested immediately upon grant
 on November 15
 2013.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company recognizes compensation cost for an award with only service conditions that has a graded vesting schedule on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award
 provided that the compensation cost recognized at any date must at least equal the portion of the grant-date value of the award that is vested at that date. No compensation cost is recognized for instruments that are forfeited by the Company because a service condition or a performance condition is not satisfied.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Accordingly
 the Company recognized compensation expense of $612
500
      and $414
000
 related to the restricted shares granted to these employees for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 based on the estimated grant-date fair value of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock of $1.75
      on November 15
 2013 and $1.15
      on November 12
 2012.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;Restricted shares granted to independent directors&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On October 5
 2010
 the Company entered into separate restricted shares grant agreements with the Company&amp;#8217;s newly elected independent directors Mr. Henry Ngan
 Ms. Virginia P&amp;#8217;an and Mr. Jianbing Zhong. Pursuant the agreements
 the Company granted
 under the Company&amp;#8217;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan
 to Mr. Ngan
      40
000
      restricted shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock
 Ms. P&amp;#8217;an
      30
000
      restricted shares and Mr. Zhong
      20
000
      restricted shares
 as compensation for the services to be provided by them as independent directors.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On November 26
 2012
 the Company entered into separate restricted shares grant agreements with the Company&amp;#8217;s independent directors Mr. Henry Ngan
 Ms. Virginia P&amp;#8217;an
 Mr. Jianbing Zhong and Mr. Richard E. Fearon
 Jr. Pursuant the agreements
 the Company granted
 under the Company&amp;#8217;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan
 to Mr. Ngan
      30
000
      restricted shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock
 Ms. P&amp;#8217;an
      30
000
      restricted shares
 Mr. Zhong
      20
000
      restricted shares and to Mr. Fearon
 Jr.
      20
000
      restricted shares
 as compensation for the services to be provided by them as independent directors.
    &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;Restricted shares granted to independent directors (continued)&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On January 24
 2011
 the Company entered into an independent director contract and an indemnification agreement with Mr. Kurtzig
 whereby the Company agreed to grant
 under the Company&amp;#8217;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan
 to Mr. Kurtzig
      20
000
      restricted shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock as compensation for the services to be provided by him and indemnify Mr. Kurtzig against expenses
 judgments
 fines
 penalties or other amounts actually and reasonably incurred by Mr. Kurtzig in connection with any proceeding if Mr. Kurtzig acted in good faith and in the best interests of the Company.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On August 11
 2011
 the Company entered into a restricted shares grant agreement with Mr. Kurtzig
 whereby the Company agreed to grant
 under the Company&amp;#8217;s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan
 to Mr. Kurtzig
      10
000
      restricted shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock as compensation for the services to be provided by him.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The restricted shares granted to independent directors will vest in equal installments on a semi-annual basis over a two-year period. If the independent director&amp;#8217;s service with the Company ceases for any reason other than the independent director&amp;#8217;s (a) death
 (b) disability
 (c) retirement
 or (d) termination by the Company without cause
 any unvested restricted shares will be automatically forfeited to the Company. On November 26
 2012
 Mr. Kurtzig resigned as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company. As a result
 the
      5
000
      unvested restricted shares have been automatically forfeited to the Company.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Accordingly
 the Company recognized a total compensation expense of $66
946
      and $134
830
      related to the restricted shares granted to the directors for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 based on the estimated grant-date fair values of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock of $2.98
      on October 5
 2010
 $3.28
      on January 24
 2011 and $2.41
      on August 11
 2011 and $1.15
      on November 26
 2012.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;Restricted shares granted to consultant&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On August 1
 2012
 the Company entered into an investor relations agreement (the &amp;#8220;Agreement&amp;#8221;) under the Company&amp;#8217;s Plans with a consultant. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement
 the Company would grant a total of
      35
000
      restricted shares to the Company&amp;#8217;s investor relations consultant for consulting services provided by the consultant during the period August 2012 to May 2013. The Company granted
      25
000
      of which on October 9
 2012 and granted another
      10
000
      restricted shares on December 3
 2012. The Company recognized total compensation expense of $45
000
      and $nil
      related to the restricted shares granted to the consultant during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
 based on the estimated grant-date fair values of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock of $1.30
      on October 9
 2012 and $1.25
      on December 3
 2012.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On August 3
 2013
 the Company entered into an investor relations agreement (the &amp;#8220;Agreement&amp;#8221;) under the Company&amp;#8217;s Plans with a consultant. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement
 the Company would grant a total of
      25
000
      restricted shares to the Company&amp;#8217;s investor relations consultant for consulting services provided by the consultant during the period August 2013 to June 2014. The Company issued
      15
000
      shares on September 16
 2013 (vesting date) and will issue another
      10
000
      restricted shares on Jan 1
 2014. The Company recognized total compensation expense of $17
804
      in the year ended December 31
 2013
 based on the fair values of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock of US$1.05
      on September 16
 2013 for the
      15
000
      shares issued and an estimated fair value $2.12
      for the
      10
000
      unregistered shares to be issued during the first quarter of 2014 as of December 31
 2013.


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Expected volitility&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
          73%
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Expected dividend&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
          0%
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Expected terms (in year)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
          1
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Risk-free rate&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
          0.12%
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Weighted- Average&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Underlying&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Intrinsic&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Contractual Life&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Per Share&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;strong&gt;
            Value
            &lt;sup&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;
          &lt;/strong&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Remaining in Years&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Outstanding at January 1
 2012&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          150
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          3.50
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          3.25
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Granted&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Exercised&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Expired&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2012&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          150
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          3.50
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          2.25
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Granted&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          75
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          0.28
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          96
750
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          3.08
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Exercised&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Expired&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          225
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          2.61
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          96
750
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1.86
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Exercisable at December 31
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          187
500
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          2.97
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          48
375
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1.57
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=50%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;Number of Shares&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=50%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;Vesting Date&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff width=50%&gt;
          25
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=50%&gt;December 31
 2010&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=50%&gt;
          25
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=50%&gt;June 30
 2011&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff width=50%&gt;
          25
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=50%&gt;December 31
 2011&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=50%&gt;
          25
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=50%&gt;June 30
 2012&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff width=50%&gt;
          25
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=50%&gt;December 31
 2012&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=50%&gt;
          25
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=50%&gt;June 30
 2013&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;NOTE 13&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=92%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;INCOME TAXES&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The Company&amp;#8217;s VIEs and subsidiaries incorporated in the PRC are subject to PRC enterprise income tax (&amp;#8220;EIT&amp;#8221;). Before January 1
 2008
 the PRC EIT rate was generally
      33%. In March 2007
 the PRC government enacted a new PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law
 or the New EIT Law
 and promulgated related regulations
 Implementation Regulations for the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law. The New EIT Law and Implementation Regulations became effective on January 1
 2008. The New EIT Law
 among other things
 imposes a unified income tax rate of
      25% for both domestic and foreign invested enterprises registered in the PRC.
    &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The New EIT Law provides a grandfathering on tax holidays which were granted under the then effective tax laws and regulations. Therefore
 one of the Company's VIEs
 Daqing Shuaiyi
 being engaged in growing and sales of organic and specialty food products
 continued to be entitled to a preferential tax treatment: an EIT holiday for the two years ended December 31
 2006 and 2007 and a
      50% reduction on the EIT rate for the three years ended December 31
 2008
 2009 and 2010.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Daqing Shuaiyi
 Harbin Shuayi and Heilongjiang Shuaiyi are subject to an EIT rate of
      25% for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012. No provision for PRC taxes was made for Heilongjiang Shuaiyi which had no taxable income in the PRC.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Harbin Baixin has been subject to an EIT rate of
      25% since its incorporation. No provision for PRC taxes was made as Harbin Baixin had no taxable income in the PRC.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;No provision for other overseas taxes is made as none of Nutrastar
 New Resources and Oriental Global has any taxable income in the U.S.
 British Virgin Islands or Hong Kong
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s income tax expense consisted of:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center colspan=4 nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=27%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Year ended December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Current income tax &amp;#8211; PRC&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              7
812
222
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              6
438
960
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Deferred&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;
                7
812
222
              &lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;
                6
438
960
              &lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;A reconciliation of the provision for income taxes determined at the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate to the Company&amp;#8217;s effective income tax rate is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center colspan=4 nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=27%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Year ended December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Pre-tax income&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 3 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 3 valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              29
982
592
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 3 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 3 valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              23
681
671
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;U.S. federal corporate income tax rate&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              34%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              34%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Income tax computed at U.S. federal corporate income tax rate&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              10
194
081
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              8
051
768
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Reconciling items:&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Loss not recognized as deferred tax assets&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              542
884
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              513
618
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Change in fair value of warrants&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (59
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (49
041
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Rate differential for PRC earnings&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (2
830
539
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (2
254
288
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Non-deductible expenses and non-reportable income&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (94
145
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              176
903
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Effective tax expense&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              7
812
222
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              6
438
960
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;The Company had deferred tax assets as follows:&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Net operating losses carried forward&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
799
625
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
300
492
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Less: Valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (1
799
625
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (1
300
492
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Net deferred tax assets&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      As of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 Nutrastar had $5
293
016
      and $3
824
976
 respectively
 of net operating loss carryforwards available to reduce future taxable income which will expire in various years through 2030. Management believes it is more-likely-than-not that the Company will not realize these potential tax benefits as the Company&amp;#8217;s U.S. operations will not generate any operating profits in the foreseeable future. Therefore
 the Company recorded a full valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;As of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company has no material unrecognized tax benefits which would favorably affect the effective income tax rate in future periods and does not believe that there will be any significant increases or decreases of unrecognized tax benefits within the next twelve months. No interest or penalties relating to income tax matters have been imposed on the Company during the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 and no provision for interest and penalties is deemed necessary as of December 31
 2013 and 2012.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;According to the PRC Tax Administration and Collection Law
 the statute of limitations is three years if the underpayment of taxes is due to computational errors made by the taxpayer or its withholding agent. The statute of limitations extends to five years under special circumstances
 which are not clearly defined. In the case of a related party transaction


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center colspan=4 nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=27%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Year ended December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Current income tax &amp;#8211; PRC&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          7
812
222
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          6
438
960
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Deferred&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            7
812
222
          &lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            6
438
960
          &lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center colspan=4 nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=27%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Year ended December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Pre-tax income&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 3 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 3 valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          29
982
592
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 3 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 3 valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          23
681
671
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;U.S. federal corporate income tax rate&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          34%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          34%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Income tax computed at U.S. federal corporate income tax rate&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          10
194
081
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          8
051
768
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Reconciling items:&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Loss not recognized as deferred tax assets&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          542
884
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          513
618
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Change in fair value of warrants&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (59
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (49
041
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Rate differential for PRC earnings&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (2
830
539
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (2
254
288
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Non-deductible expenses and non-reportable income&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (94
145
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          176
903
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Effective tax expense&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          7
812
222
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          6
438
960
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;The Company had deferred tax assets as follows:&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Net operating losses carried forward&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
799
625
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
300
492
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Less: Valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (1
799
625
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (1
300
492
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Net deferred tax assets&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;NOTE 14&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=92%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;EARNINGS PER SHARE&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The following table is a reconciliation of the net income and the weighted average shares used in the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share for the two years presented:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center colspan=4 nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=25%&gt;Years ended December 31
&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Income available to common stockholders:&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;- Net income&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
              22
170
370
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
              17
242
711
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Less: Preferred stock dividend&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
              (229
513
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
              (200
382
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Income available to common stockholders (Basic)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
              21
940
857
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
              17
042
329
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Add: Preferred stock dividend&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
              229
513
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
              200
382
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Income available to common shareholders (Diluted)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
              22
170
370
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
              17
242
711
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Weighted average number of shares:&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;-Basic&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
              15
949
537
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
              15
453
656
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;- Effect of dilutive Preferred stock&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
              1
128
406
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
              1
143
101
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;- Effect of dilutive restricted stock units&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
              3
878
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
              3
296
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;- Effect of dilutive options&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
              7
639
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;-Diluted&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
              17
089
460
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
              16
600
053
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Net income per share&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;-Basic&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
              1.38
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
              1.10
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;-Diluted&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
              1.30
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
              1.04
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of common shares outstanding to assume the issuance of all dilutive potential common shares upon conversion.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The diluted earnings per share calculation for the year ended December 31
 2013 did not include the warrants
 management options and restricted shares to purchase up to
      1
088
501
      shares
      150
000
      shares and
      50
000
      shares of common stock
 respectively
 because their effect was anti-dilutive.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The diluted earnings per share calculation for the year ended December 31
 2012 did not include the warrants
 management options and restricted shares to purchase up to
      1
088
501
      shares
      150
000
      shares and
      25
000
      shares of common stock
 respectively
 because their effect was anti-dilutive.


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center colspan=4 nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=25%&gt;Years ended December 31
&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Income available to common stockholders:&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;- Net income&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
          22
170
370
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
          17
242
711
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Less: Preferred stock dividend&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
          (229
513
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
          (200
382
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Income available to common stockholders (Basic)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
          21
940
857
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
          17
042
329
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Add: Preferred stock dividend&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
          229
513
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
          200
382
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Income available to common shareholders (Diluted)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
          22
170
370
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
          17
242
711
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Weighted average number of shares:&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;-Basic&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
          15
949
537
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
          15
453
656
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;- Effect of dilutive Preferred stock&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
          1
128
406
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
          1
143
101
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;- Effect of dilutive restricted stock units&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
          3
878
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
          3
296
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;- Effect of dilutive options&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
          7
639
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;-Diluted&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
          17
089
460
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
          16
600
053
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Net income per share&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;-Basic&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
          1.38
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
          1.10
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;-Diluted&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
          1.30
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
          1.04
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;NOTE 15&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=92%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Other than disclosed elsewhere in these financial statements
 the Company also had the following related party balances and transactions:-&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;(a)&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Due to related parties&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Due to Ms. Lianyun Han
 Chairperson
 CEO and President of the Company&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 3 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 3 valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              265
223
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 3 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 3 valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              150
036
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The amount due to Ms. Han was non-interest bearing
 unsecured and without a fixed repayment date.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;(b)&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Lease of land&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            For the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company paid rental expense of $58
370
            and $57
267
            respectively
 for the land leased from Heilongjiang Shuaiyi Technology Development Co.
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Shuaiyi Technology&amp;#8221;). Shuaiyi Technology and the Company are under common control and management.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;(c)&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Acquisition of corporate headquarter premise&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            On April 15
 2011
 Heilongjiang Shuaiyi entered into an asset transfer agreement (the &amp;#8220;Transfer Agreement&amp;#8221;) with Ms. Han. Pursuant to the Transfer Agreement
 Heilongjiang Shuiayi acquired an office building located at 54-1 Ganshui Road
 Xiangfang District
 Harbin
 with a construction area of
            1854.1
            square meters
 from Ms. Han at a cash consideration of RMB12.75
            million (approximately $1.95
            million including other incidental costs). 
 which was fully paid in April 2011. The purchase price was determined based on a real property valuation report issued by an independent appraisal firm
 Harbin Guoxin Real Estate Appraisal and Consulting Co.
 Limited on November 11
 2010. Management believes the terms of the purchase transaction and the consideration that the Company paid in connection with this transaction were comparable to the terms available and the amounts that would be paid in an arm&amp;#8217;s-length transaction.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;It is the current intention of the Company to move the Company headquarters to this office building in the foreseeable future.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Due to Ms. Lianyun Han
 Chairperson
 CEO and President of the Company&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 3 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 3 valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          265
223
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 3 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 3 valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          150
036
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
			&lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;
				&lt;b&gt;NOTE 16&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;td align=left width=92%&gt;
				&lt;b&gt;CONCENTRATION RISK&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
		&lt;/tr&gt;
	&lt;/table&gt;
	&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
		&lt;tr&gt;
			&lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
				&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;td colspan=2&gt;
				&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
		&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;tr&gt;
			&lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
				&lt;b&gt;(a)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;td colspan=2&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
					&lt;b&gt;Concentration of credit risk&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
			&lt;/td&gt;
		&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;tr&gt;
			&lt;td width=5%&gt;
				&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;td width=5%&gt;
				&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;td&gt;
				&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
		&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;tr&gt;
			&lt;td width=5%&gt;
				&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
				1)&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;td&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
					As of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 approximately 99.8% and 99.3%
 respectively of the Company&amp;#8217;s cash including cash on hand and deposits in accounts are maintained with one financial institution within the PRC where there is currently no rule or regulation in place for obligatory insurance to cover such bank deposits in the event of bank failure. However
 the Company has not experienced any losses in this financial institution and monitors the soundness and the credit ratings of this financial institution on a periodic basis
 thus believes it is currently not exposed to any material risks on its bank deposits in bank accounts with this financial institution.&lt;/p&gt;
			&lt;/td&gt;
		&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;tr&gt;
			&lt;td width=5%&gt;
				&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;td width=5%&gt;
				&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;td&gt;
				&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
		&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;tr&gt;
			&lt;td width=5%&gt;
				&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
				2)&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;td&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
					For the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 all of the Company&amp;#8217;s sales arose in the PRC. In addition
 all accounts receivable as of December 31
 2013 and 2012 also arose in the PRC.&lt;/p&gt;
			&lt;/td&gt;
		&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;tr&gt;
			&lt;td width=5%&gt;
				&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;td width=5%&gt;
				&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;td&gt;
				&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
		&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;tr&gt;
			&lt;td width=5%&gt;
				&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;td width=5%&gt;
				&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;td&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
					The following individual customer accounted for 10% or more of the Group&amp;#8217;s revenues for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012:&lt;/p&gt;
			&lt;/td&gt;
		&lt;/tr&gt;
	&lt;/table&gt;
	&lt;br /&gt;
					&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
				&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
					&lt;td width=10%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
						2013&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
						2012&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;/tr&gt;
				&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
					&lt;td width=10%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
						&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
							Lai En Century Co. Ltd&lt;/p&gt;
					&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
						24%&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
						24%&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;/table&gt;
	&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
		Individual customer amounts receivable that represented 10% or more of total accounts receivable as of December 31
 2013 and 2012 were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
					&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
				&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
					&lt;td width=10%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=center colspan=4 valign=bottom width=27%&gt;
						Percentage of accounts receivable as of&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;/tr&gt;
				&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
					&lt;td width=10%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=27%&gt;
						December 31
&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;/tr&gt;
				&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
					&lt;td width=10%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
						2013&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
						2012&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;/tr&gt;
				&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
					&lt;td width=10%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
						&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
							Great Northern Wilderness Grain and Oil Warehouse Market&lt;/p&gt;
					&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
						30%&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
						59%&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;/tr&gt;
				&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
					&lt;td width=10%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
						&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
							Shandong Province
 Linyi City Hong Yun Commodity&lt;/p&gt;
					&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
						27%&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
						-%&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;/tr&gt;
				&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
					&lt;td width=10%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
						&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
							Shandong Jinan Qing Jie Company&lt;/p&gt;
					&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
						24%&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
						17%&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;/tr&gt;
				&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
					&lt;td width=10%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
						&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
							Harbin Te Anna Pharmaceutical Companies
 Jilin Branch&lt;/p&gt;
					&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
						19%&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
						11%&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;/tr&gt;
				&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
					&lt;td width=10%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
						&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
							Gongda Group Property Management Company (Zhong Yang&lt;/p&gt;
					&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
						-%&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
						13%&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;/tr&gt;
				&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
					&lt;td width=10%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
						&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
							Hong Supermarket)&lt;/p&gt;
					&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;/table&gt;
	&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
		&lt;tr&gt;
			&lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
				&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
				&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;td&gt;
				&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
		&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;tr&gt;
			&lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
				&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
				3)&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;td&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
					For the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 all of the Company&amp;#8217;s purchases arose in the PRC. In addition
 all accounts payable as of December 31
 2013 and 2012 also arose in the PRC.&lt;/p&gt;
			&lt;/td&gt;
		&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;tr&gt;
			&lt;td width=5%&gt;
				&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;td width=5%&gt;
				&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;td&gt;
				&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
		&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;tr&gt;
			&lt;td width=5%&gt;
				&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;td width=5%&gt;
				&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;td&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
					The following suppliers accounted for 10% or more of the Group&amp;#8217;s procurement for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012:&lt;/p&gt;
			&lt;/td&gt;
		&lt;/tr&gt;
	&lt;/table&gt;
	&lt;br /&gt;
					&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
				&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
					&lt;td width=10%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
						2013&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
						2012&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;/tr&gt;
				&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
					&lt;td width=10%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
						&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
							Heilongjiang Xianfeng Agricultural Materials Trading Co. Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
					&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
						28%&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
						30%&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;/tr&gt;
				&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
					&lt;td width=10%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
						&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
							Harbin Reservation During The Oil Co. Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
					&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
						23%&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
						24%&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;/tr&gt;
				&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
					&lt;td width=10%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
						&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
							Zhangjiagang Nong Nong Drinking and Food Co. Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
					&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
						21%&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
						-%&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
						&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;/table&gt;
	&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
		No other individual supplier accounted for 10% or more of total accounts payable as of December 31
 2013 and 2012.&lt;/p&gt;
	&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
		&lt;tr&gt;
			&lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
				&lt;b&gt;(b)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;td&gt;
				&lt;b&gt;Concentration of operating risk&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
		&lt;/tr&gt;
	&lt;/table&gt;
	&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
		Substantially all of the Company&amp;#8217;s operations are conducted in China. The Company&amp;#8217;s operations are subject to various political
 economic
 and other risks and uncertainties inherent in China. Among other risks
 the Company&amp;#8217;s operations are subject to the risks of restrictions on transfer of funds; export duties
 quotas


    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Lai En Century Co. Ltd&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        24%
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        24%
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  

    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center colspan=4 valign=bottom width=27%&gt;Percentage of accounts receivable as of&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=27%&gt;December 31
&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Great Northern Wilderness Grain and Oil Warehouse Market&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        30%
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        59%
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Shandong Province
 Linyi City Hong Yun Commodity&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        27%
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        -%
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Shandong Jinan Qing Jie Company&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        24%
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        17%
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Harbin Te Anna Pharmaceutical Companies
 Jilin Branch&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        19%
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        11%
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Gongda Group Property Management Company (Zhong Yang&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        -%
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        13%
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Hong Supermarket)&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Heilongjiang Xianfeng Agricultural Materials Trading Co. Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        28%
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        30%
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Harbin Reservation During The Oil Co. Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        23%
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        24%
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Zhangjiagang Nong Nong Drinking and Food Co. Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        21%
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        -%
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;NOTE 17&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=92%&gt;
            &lt;strong&gt;COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;(a)&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;strong&gt;Operating leases&lt;/strong&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company has entered into tenancy agreements for the leases of an exhibition hall and land with third parties and a related company
 Shuaiyi Technology (see 15(b))
 respectively
 for the purposes of the operation of its VIEs. The Company&amp;#8217;s commitments for minimum lease payments under these operating leases for the next five years and thereafter as of December 31
 2013 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Year ending December 31
&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Related Parties&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Non-related Parties&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                59
292
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-top-style: solid; border-top-width: 1 valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                37
199
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-top-style: solid; border-top-width: 1 valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                96
491
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                59
292
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                10
593
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                69
885
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                59
292
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                59
292
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                59
292
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                59
292
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                59
292
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                59
292
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Thereafter&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                705
851
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                705
851
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  1
002
311
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  47
792
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;strong&gt;$&lt;/strong&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                &lt;strong&gt;
                  1
050
103
                &lt;/strong&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      During the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 rental expenses under operating leases amounted to $117
664
      and $139
710
 respectively.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;(b)&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;PRC employee costs&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;According to the prevailing laws and regulations of the PRC
 the Company&amp;#8217;s subsidiaries and VIEs in the PRC are required to contribute to medical
 retirement and unemployment insurance programs for its employees. We have recorded accruals for the probable estimated liability for approximately the past two years. However
 in the past we did not provide for contributions for our temporary employees. If the PRC regulatory authorities take the view that we were required to make contributions to the social insurance and housing accumulation funds for our temporary employees
 our failure to make previous payments may be in violation of applicable PRC labor laws and PRC governmental authorities may impose penalties on us for failure to comply. In addition
 in the event that any current or former employee files a complaint with the PRC government
 we may be subject to making up the contributions to the social insurance and housing accumulation funds as well as paying administrative fines. As the Company does not currently believe that it is probable that these additional contributions and fines would be material and
 furthermore
 cannot be reasonably estimated
 no additional provision has been made in this regard.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; border-color: black; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;(c&lt;/b&gt;
            )
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Indemnification agreement&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On October 5
 2010
 the Company entered into an indemnification agreement with each of its newly elected independent directors
 Mr. Henry Ngan
 Ms. Virginia P&amp;#8217;an and Mr. Jianbing Zhong
 pursuant to which the Company agreed to indemnify the independent directors against expenses
 judgments
 fines
 penalties or other amounts actually and reasonably incurred by the Independent directors in connection with any proceeding if the independent directors acted in good faith and in the best interests of the Company.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Also on October 5
 2010
 the Company entered into an indemnification agreement with Mr. Tick pursuant to which the Company agreed to indemnify Mr. Tick against expenses
 judgments
 fines
 penalties or other amounts actually and reasonably incurred by Mr. Tick in connection with any proceeding if Mr. Tick acted in good faith and in the best interests of the Company.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On January 24
 2011
 the Company entered into an indemnification agreement with Mr. Joshua Kurtzig
 its newly elected independent director
 pursuant to which the Company agreed to indemnify Mr. Kurtzig against expenses
 judgments
 fines
 penalties or other amounts actually and reasonably incurred by the independent director in connection with any proceeding if the independent director acted in good faith and in the best interests of the Company. Mr. Kurtzig resigned from the Company&amp;#8217;s Board effective November 26
 2012.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On November 26
 2012
 the Company entered into an indemnification agreement with Mr. Richard E. Fearon
 Jr.
 its newly elected independent director
 pursuant to which the Company agreed to indemnify Mr. Fearon
 Jr. against expenses
 judgments
 fines


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Year ending December 31
&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Related Parties&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Non-related Parties&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            59
292
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-top-style: solid; border-top-width: 1 valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            37
199
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-top-style: solid; border-top-width: 1 valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            96
491
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            59
292
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            10
593
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            69
885
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            59
292
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            59
292
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            59
292
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            59
292
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            59
292
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            59
292
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Thereafter&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            705
851
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            705
851
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              1
002
311
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              47
792
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;strong&gt;$&lt;/strong&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            &lt;strong&gt;
              1
050
103
            &lt;/strong&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;NOTE 18&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=text-align: left&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;SEGMENT INFORMATION&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company operates in three business segments identified by product
 &amp;#8220;Cordyceps Militaris&amp;#8221;
 &amp;#8220;beverages&amp;#8221; and &amp;#8220;organic and specialty food products&amp;#8221;. The Cordyceps Militaris segment consists of the growing and sales of Cordyceps Militaris
 which business is conducted through Daqing Shuaiyi. The beverages segment consists of the manufacturing of functional health beverages featuring the Cordyceps Militaris as a core ingredient
 which business is also conducted through Daqing Shuaiyi and was launched in the fourth quarter of 2010. The organic and specialty food products segment consists of the sales of rice
 flour
 silage corn and other agricultural products which business is mainly conducted through Harbin Shuaiyi.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;During the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 all of the Company&amp;#8217;s operations were carried out in one geographical segment - China.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s segment revenue and results for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 8pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center colspan=7 nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=30%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  &lt;font size=2&gt;Year Ended December 31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  &lt;font size=2&gt;Organic and&lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  &lt;font size=2&gt;Cordyceps&lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  &lt;font size=2&gt;Specialty Food&lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  &lt;font size=2&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  &lt;font size=2&gt;Militaris&lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  &lt;font size=2&gt;Beverages&lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  &lt;font size=2&gt;Products&lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  &lt;font size=2&gt;Unallocated&lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  &lt;font size=2&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                  &lt;font size=2&gt;Segment revenue from external customers&lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                33
685
828
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                7
474
342
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                2
188
819
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                43
348
989
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                  &lt;font size=2&gt;Segment income before income taxes&lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                26
860
209
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                4
495
175
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;
                  276
024
                &lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                (1
648
816
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;
                  29
982
592
                &lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                  &lt;font size=2&gt;Income before income taxes&lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000;  valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;
                  29
982
592
                &lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                  &lt;font size=2&gt;Segment assets&lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                117
852
173
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                62
501
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                1
313
194
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                2
009
085
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                121
236
953
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                  &lt;font size=2&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;
                  121
236
953
                &lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                  &lt;font size=2&gt;Other segment information:&lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                  &lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                1
362
832
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                5
517
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                1
379
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                103
768
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                1
473
496
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                  &lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Expenditure for segment assets&lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;
                  -
                &lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 8pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center colspan=7 nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=33%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  &lt;font size=2&gt;Year Ended December 31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  &lt;font size=2&gt;Organic and&lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  &lt;font size=2&gt;Cordyceps&lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  &lt;font size=2&gt;Specialty Food&lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  &lt;font size=2&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 1px solid #000000; ; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  &lt;font size=2&gt;Militaris&lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 1px solid #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 1px solid #000000; ; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  &lt;font size=2&gt;Beverages&lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 1px solid #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 1px solid #000000; ; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  &lt;font size=2&gt;Products&lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 1px solid #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  &lt;font size=2&gt;Unallocated&lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  &lt;font size=2&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                  &lt;font size=2&gt;Segment revenue from external customers&lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                27
747
740
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                6
910
173
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                2
113
263
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                36
771
176
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                  &lt;font size=2&gt;Segment income before income taxes&lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                22
619
716
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                2
535
623
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                118
334
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                (1
592
002
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                23
681
671
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                  &lt;font size=2&gt;Income before income taxes&lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;
                  23
681
671
                &lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                  &lt;font size=2&gt;Segment assets&lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                91
594
711
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                66
062
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                1
394
027
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                2
383
289
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                95
438
089
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                  &lt;font size=2&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;
                  95
438
089
                &lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                  &lt;font size=2&gt;Other segment information:&lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                  &lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                1
120
408
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                5
413
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                5
413
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                104
234
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                1
235
468
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                  &lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Expenditure for segment assets&lt;/font&gt;
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                299
342
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                15
915
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
                315
257
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center colspan=7 nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=30%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              &lt;font size=2&gt;Year Ended December 31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              &lt;font size=2&gt;Organic and&lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              &lt;font size=2&gt;Cordyceps&lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              &lt;font size=2&gt;Specialty Food&lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              &lt;font size=2&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              &lt;font size=2&gt;Militaris&lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              &lt;font size=2&gt;Beverages&lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              &lt;font size=2&gt;Products&lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              &lt;font size=2&gt;Unallocated&lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              &lt;font size=2&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
              &lt;font size=2&gt;Segment revenue from external customers&lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            33
685
828
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            7
474
342
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            2
188
819
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            43
348
989
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
              &lt;font size=2&gt;Segment income before income taxes&lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            26
860
209
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            4
495
175
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;
              276
024
            &lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            (1
648
816
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;
              29
982
592
            &lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
              &lt;font size=2&gt;Income before income taxes&lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000;  valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;
              29
982
592
            &lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
              &lt;font size=2&gt;Segment assets&lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            117
852
173
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            62
501
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            1
313
194
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            2
009
085
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            121
236
953
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
              &lt;font size=2&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000;  valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;
              121
236
953
            &lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
              &lt;font size=2&gt;Other segment information:&lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
              &lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            1
362
832
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            5
517
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            1
379
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            103
768
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            1
473
496
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
              &lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Expenditure for segment assets&lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;
              -
            &lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center colspan=7 nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=33%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              &lt;font size=2&gt;Year Ended December 31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              &lt;font size=2&gt;Organic and&lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              &lt;font size=2&gt;Cordyceps&lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              &lt;font size=2&gt;Specialty Food&lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              &lt;font size=2&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 1px solid #000000; ; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              &lt;font size=2&gt;Militaris&lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 1px solid #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 1px solid #000000; ; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              &lt;font size=2&gt;Beverages&lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 1px solid #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 1px solid #000000; ; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              &lt;font size=2&gt;Products&lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 1px solid #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              &lt;font size=2&gt;Unallocated&lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              &lt;font size=2&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
              &lt;font size=2&gt;Segment revenue from external customers&lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            27
747
740
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            6
910
173
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            2
113
263
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            36
771
176
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
              &lt;font size=2&gt;Segment income before income taxes&lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            22
619
716
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            2
535
623
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            118
334
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            (1
592
002
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            23
681
671
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
              &lt;font size=2&gt;Income before income taxes&lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;
              23
681
671
            &lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
              &lt;font size=2&gt;Segment assets&lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            91
594
711
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            66
062
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            1
394
027
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            2
383
289
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            95
438
089
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
              &lt;font size=2&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;
              95
438
089
            &lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
              &lt;font size=2&gt;Other segment information:&lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
              &lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            1
120
408
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            5
413
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            5
413
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            104
234
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            1
235
468
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
              &lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Expenditure for segment assets&lt;/font&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            299
342
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            15
915
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=9%&gt;
            315
257
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;NOTE 19&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=92%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;RESTRICTED NET ASSETS&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s operations are primarily conducted through its VIEs Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi. Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi may only pay dividends out of their retained earnings determined in accordance with the accounting standards and regulations in the PRC and after they have met the PRC requirements for appropriation to statutory reserves (see Note 11).&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      In addition
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi&amp;#8217;s businesses and assets are primarily denominated in RMB
 which is not freely convertible into foreign currencies. All foreign exchange transactions take place either through the People&amp;#8217;s Bank of China or other banks authorized to buy and sell foreign currencies at the exchange rates quoted by the People&amp;#8217;s Bank of China. Approval of foreign currency payments by the People&amp;#8217;s Bank of China or other regulatory institutions requires; submitting a payment application form together with suppliers&amp;#8217; invoices
 shipping documents and signed contracts. These currency exchange control procedures imposed by the PRC government authorities may restrict the ability of Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi to transfer their net assets to the Company through loans
 advances or cash dividends
 which consisted of paid-up capital
 retained earnings and statutory reserves and which aggregate amount of approximately RMB632
      million (or $104
      million) exceeded
      25% of the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated net assets. Accordingly
 condensed parent company financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Rule 5-04 and Rule 12-04 of SEC Regulation S-X.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;These supplemental condensed parent company financial statements should be read in conjunction with the notes to the Company&amp;#8217;s Consolidated Financial Statements. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP have been condensed or omitted.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;As of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 there were no material contingencies
 significant provisions for long-term obligations
 or guarantees of the Company
 except as separately disclosed in the Consolidated Financial Statements
 if any.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;Condensed Balance Sheets&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center colspan=4 nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=27%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;As of December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;ASSETS&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Other receivables&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Restricted cash&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Interests in subsidiaries&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                117
078
904
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                90
952
289
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;Total assets&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  117
078
904
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  90
952
289
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;LIABILITIES&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Current liabilities:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Warrant liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                173
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Preferred stock dividend payable&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                738
903
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                528
528
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Other payables and accruals&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                154
303
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                126
570
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;Total liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                893
206
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                655
271
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;Stockholders&amp;#8217; equity&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                  Preferred Stock
 $0.001
                  par value
                  1
000
000
                  shares authorized
                  110
066
                  shares and
                  113
010
                  shares issued and outstanding
 respectively
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                2
510
183
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                2
577
324
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                  Common stock
 $0.001
                  par value
                  190
000
000
                  shares authorized
                  16
421
161
                  shares issued and
                  16
377
606
                  shares outstanding at December 31
 2013;
                  15
907
381
                  shares issued and
                  15
863
826
                  shares outstanding at December 31
 2012
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                16
422
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                15
908
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Additional paid-in capital&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                19
934
551
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                19
029
586
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                  Treasury stock
 at cost
                  43
555
                  shares as of December 31
 2013 and 2012
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (78
767
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (78
767
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Retained earnings&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                85
226
812
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                63
285
955
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Accumulated other comprehensive income&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                8
576
497
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                5
467
012
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Total stockholders&amp;#8217; equity&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                116
185
698
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                90
297
018
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;Total liabilities and stockholders&amp;#8217; equity&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  117
078
904
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  90
952
289
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;Condensed Statement of Income and Comprehensive Income&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=27%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Year ended December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;NET REVENUE&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#8722;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#8722;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Administrative expenses&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                (1
468
040
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                (1
510
643
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Changes in value of warrants&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                173
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                144
238
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Income tax&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;&amp;#8722;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;&amp;#8722;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Equity in income of subsidiaries&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
                23
638
237
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
                18
609
116
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Net income&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  22
170
370
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  17
242
711
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;b&gt;Condensed Statement of Cash Flows&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=27%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Year ended December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Net cash used in operating activities&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (621
107
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (643
709
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Net cash provided by (used) in investing activities&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                621
107
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                708
753
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Net cash provided by financing activities&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#8722;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (65
044
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Cash
 beginning of year&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#8722;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#8722;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Cash
 end of year&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#8722;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#8722;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center colspan=4 nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=27%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;As of December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;ASSETS&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Other receivables&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Restricted cash&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Interests in subsidiaries&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            117
078
904
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            90
952
289
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Total assets&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              117
078
904
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              90
952
289
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;LIABILITIES&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Current liabilities:&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Warrant liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            173
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Preferred stock dividend payable&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            738
903
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            528
528
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Other payables and accruals&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            154
303
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            126
570
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;Total liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            893
206
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            655
271
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Stockholders&amp;#8217; equity&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
              Preferred Stock
 $0.001
              par value
              1
000
000
              shares authorized
              110
066
              shares and
              113
010
              shares issued and outstanding
 respectively
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            2
510
183
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            2
577
324
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
              Common stock
 $0.001
              par value
              190
000
000
              shares authorized
              16
421
161
              shares issued and
              16
377
606
              shares outstanding at December 31
 2013;
              15
907
381
              shares issued and
              15
863
826
              shares outstanding at December 31
 2012
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            16
422
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            15
908
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Additional paid-in capital&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            19
934
551
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            19
029
586
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
              Treasury stock
 at cost
              43
555
              shares as of December 31
 2013 and 2012
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (78
767
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (78
767
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Retained earnings&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            85
226
812
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            63
285
955
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Accumulated other comprehensive income&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            8
576
497
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            5
467
012
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Total stockholders&amp;#8217; equity&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            116
185
698
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            90
297
018
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Total liabilities and stockholders&amp;#8217; equity&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              117
078
904
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              90
952
289
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=27%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Year ended December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;NET REVENUE&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#8722;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#8722;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Administrative expenses&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            (1
468
040
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            (1
510
643
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Changes in value of warrants&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            173
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            144
238
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Income tax&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;&amp;#8722;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;&amp;#8722;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Equity in income of subsidiaries&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
            23
638
237
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
            18
609
116
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Net income&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              22
170
370
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              17
242
711
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center colspan=4 style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=27%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Year ended December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Net cash used in operating activities&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (621
107
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (643
709
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Net cash provided by (used) in investing activities&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            621
107
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            708
753
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Net cash provided by financing activities&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#8722;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (65
044
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Cash
 beginning of year&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#8722;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#8722;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Cash
 end of year&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#8722;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#8722;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;NOTE 20&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=92%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;SUBSEQUENT EVENTS&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In accordance with authoritative guidance
 we have evaluated any events or transactions occurring after December 31
 2013
 the consolidated balance sheet date
 through the date of filing of this report and note that there have been no such events or transactions that would require recognition or disclosure in the consolidated financial statements as of and for year ended December 31
 2013
 except the following&amp;#160;non-cash transactions.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;(i)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=95%&gt;
            &lt;div align=justify&gt;
              On January 22
 2014
 a holder of the Company Series A Convertible Preferred Stock converted
              2
944
              shares of Preferred Stock and
              709
              shares of Preferred Stock dividends into a total of
              36
530
              shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock.
            &lt;/div&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;(ii)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=95%&gt;
            &lt;div align=justify&gt;
              On January 24
 2014
 a holder of the Company Series A Convertible Preferred Stock converted
              3
502
              shares of Preferred Stock and
              845
              shares of Preferred Stock dividends into a total of
              43
470
              shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock.
            &lt;/div&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;(iii)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=95%&gt;
            &lt;div align=justify&gt;
              On January 28
 2014
 a holder of the Company Series A Convertible Preferred Stock converted
              3
502
              shares of Preferred Stock
              848
              shares of Preferred Stock dividends into a total of
              43
500
              shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock.
            &lt;/div&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;(iv)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=95%&gt;
            &lt;div align=justify&gt;
              On February 6
 2014
 a holder of the Company Series A Convertible Preferred Stock converted
              1
053
              shares of Preferred Stock and
              262
              shares of Preferred Stock dividends into a total of
              13
150
              shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock.
            &lt;/div&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;(v)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=95%&gt;
            &lt;div align=justify&gt;
              On February 6
 2014
 a holder of the Company Series A Convertible Preferred Stock converted
              21
289
              shares of Preferred Stock and
              5
284
              shares of Preferred Stock dividends into a total of
              265
730
              shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock.
            &lt;/div&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;(vi)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=95%&gt;
            &lt;div align=justify&gt;
              On February 18
 2014
 we issued
              25
000
              shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s stock for the vested restricted stocks to our Board members.
            &lt;/div&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  










begin 644 form101.jpg



$!08'`D*P$``P$!



G*TM/4U=;7
H*#A(6&
MAXB)BI*3E)66EYB9FJ*CI*6FIZBIJK*SM+6VM[BYNL+#Q,7&Q\C)RM+3U-76
MU]C9VN+CY.7FY^CIZO+S]/7V]_CY^O_``!$(`/`!4@,!$0`$0$#$0'_V@`
M`P$``A$#$0`_`/=;R\CLE1Y`Q#N$&WU/XU$I**O(J
7)V103Q':R3B%(IRY]
M%&/YU
:L6KENE*.A:BU.&:9HT#E@
GI_C4NO32N@=&25V5(_$=J\KQF*9&4D
M?






MU'9:




M92PTFKW7X_Y$]SJ45I$KRA@6&0HQG^=75Q4*.YGE*;:0BZKPX5_P`A_C6:

M]AD&H17NR*X#)SC_&IIXB$TVNA4J4H;EU\26UXY6&Y.#@G:


I4910L6LVDT@1&.??&/Y

-L

ME;&9FZPJM;+E&8!\_+U'!KS\?_#7K^C-Z#:D8R1I&B-;J&0#'!Y6N%R;]-?S

`^G-=%2;=6+B%&'NLBG
MM)E9)&EW1MR!@8/KW]?TKZ2E4O'4\:M1U)K'?&&

MR1.RA04((K^1/=W6]N4'\0Z8]*YY4JBGS\QW*5.

M

LR_.7B(.
I

)B/:




MK3=H.R*E&E'XBS;)B4ELA4')K%OEG=O8MOW=$9FH32ZK?D*3Y:8`':N1\]:I

MU
ZBM9&G7H'.4-2E6*-&8X&\`'\#7#C7:FO4VHQO(R)(-TA

MXMWD=:E;0S?M+)

MF:-9H4+;#QQV/6O
Q]-U)W@CT
#5C3]V1)HUK=6]G]I\O%Y(O[L-PJCUJ\/3
ME2A=+WG^!&*J0G/E^RB7(5I8&D1FXW!.@..17+./))Q;N2ES).PBMBVMG`).










^_I6]*
H
G<GM5<R`@?
`9QZ'I^%:T9)^^C.O!TWRLKZCJ:
M=(ED=`?EP5P,^M5BJ\9J\7J.C1EN/6:ZC`1PY]&'3\:JC1E7IV4[

M46-

M:4:[I:
I:9.=&#6[C:D7R_X5C1JRIIIG16@JR4D-UFR@M[G^VX5^:1-DB#NW






ZUV\^%7CY3'!KO?/S)K8\563:93LKQAJ;P%^

M@M2X(E
+-([



M8Y1IN
T;[PW2/]F^R%[4IRWWA]
5T3A4BK+8X^:+][FM(DTBP6R:81J51^53
M&
&M

-LZGD=ZX*E-;K1G32FX/38S[._:-C;O*
MT4H!4'O2H5I0EJ[
Z*E%37

MIKZHK74


MZ2T


M&#G-1B%F_GA9(I-\#_

H5@1.

OI




M$XG

I
M3G



[@+W4<

[5/)]:V51.?*C%PM!LQM:TZ&

M`..^*JO&


M:O!$EE
+A`\##+`^@YYK&O%PCS%T&Y27+HS+T[5H-3B\S1W5O)R'@=2
_2IC

MPD(7/E@84G^]Q_*J5.




5%9X^&#LV
M


8I=/1(TRZ1G@GJ!Z9[




'G)76YW1J.&VQI;9-CVUX@)QM'<,
M#T.:XI4Y1DN8V]UN\36E2PTK3XU#^2'P2O13@\GVKLKQ?(FF8T&I5).1+97


$<QW$1&!^(.0?PK*2A-M-%TW**YJ;LS'CTJ[\/W7G:1=R2VV?GMY#EO
MPQBN;6$KTSL]HJZM51TEKJ4&H0?9]4BV2$<%UQFNF-2%=.-;1G%.C*E+FI,K
M76CFTMY8X0'@)+1XY(KDKT.35:HVI8CGE[VC+/A^2)X`5X:)=K`]JVPK5KF6
M+4E+U*L.H;O%%Q;D`(8POX@DUBJB]O+LS1T;4%,OZ-8Q:3I%LF`TK$GU+
2


?
+9R_`:5.&4]1QZ
M^E:S5



MC&2DDH1V-N]O;6QG2]OPHFFS'#B









'*53W63BVCGT^6V+@P3*5`8YQFL8TTXZ/0)2Y9IO









;;*=XLJZO*5(VSQ+&!WW9





M1)U(;:A1I14KQ8W3FG35XMLCM;

XK

M5Q5FH5(Q\CLIJ]-R


HZ





]MQSPLX:QU-2


'[/1H]&NX58:
Z__

EHRDR0$97
UU2W-G=*CB0<JP^5Q6BE&JK/<B5.5)\T3F+;

C?VBJ0OU.A&C6-X@O;B0BVB!:1.Q(X
R+1QZW:*2%09?4=JSJ6<E);

MEK\MM9N'N;`7$6-P8`9!'O45ZBHO5&F&A*JN6+LQ-
U73O$%H\4!*N@^:)S\
MR_A5QY

+.
HWOJ7+*]%K_






/)`YSG#UYMU+W6N_P9V?^9')2

MG'V=!:ZLCEJU79+E1M:+JTFH_:$:/[/

M$]MJL
XCB:3!`?C<!

1MC[

X7
*JT^1[G)2DZ<^8X:TTK






MRW

MY37



82I3M:YUU
M9TZZYHZ



MN#./#TE4;C(N`#6M!$;EXEN$X9#AE_&O0=YPU

M7.]2?.\U_

Y.*JNRC$F@N-3AU_?-`39$E59&&T#WKIA*4:OO_8

M6Y2*;[78:E#J*RFYTR9\OGK`/I_=H4'[533T)4HRING)6:_$N:S*NESOJ26^
M`Y&)%^Z?KBL


MI69O5ZIQG.^
;1[S2H8XXC*PG#;5.#]UO\:\O-(MT5R[W_1GHY=4C3JMR[?J
MC@X;JZ@NO)




BJT5S;(


K:E%M%N]\2/X;OXHY!OL9F99%QDCCJO]:WHZR<695:2




29`W8YKDK5_?=-K


EXX^GS\;37113@_=U.;$4HN-XH]+@D,R`EU:)X\J1SBO247-6;/#DK/3<P
M[[3K35K9AY5_7H:X)4H3]Z)WPJSINSV.<.K:MH<GE$L2F2(VY##V[UG3KSA


M^XO[-FN(5Z[5SN'H1V(KFC3E0=EJF=T:\




*%^K.\B
MC#PO&_#2+D&O;C=PDNYX
G:2:Z&?'!Y





*L4FB'4K*#7].\Y$$
M=U#G9@\Y'8U551J1:6XJ

1KV0^]103A\.YMBZW
M



[;^O(E7<[[_D-M;<-<P2
M31GS/



GY&KFJ89/6!='$.#M/8Q4N[JRF^SRPLG]ZWD&0
MP]0?Z5@IRA*TCNY85ES1-&#P]8W4\%V));.


5S5(1G%-&U&
MI;W9G


M6Z-S357:TSHP'=CT-=V&A&$7-HX*SUY1)+A[?2)[J&/=*.@/0YK95%&DYQW)
MY%*HH
RWUY;6V#RP6RR


M`*B$9.5TB)J*]UO8E\0VMY-I:K8SF-K?+2@=2/;WK;%0DZ24-T9X6I3A4O46
M@GAG3S:V'G3OF65O
RW\(]O2M
'1=*G[V['C*WM)VCL/@M+B6_CGF8_Z]2BY
M.``P]*ZZ;I*?OK4YW*2A9'55WG&9^JM(L

M![BVU`R65Y$J2$8*^M2IQJ7C/1C4)07/#8YNYTFZT+5XI8@S:=+E92!D)Z9^


G:E-9ZB98`(X(QM**.37GPFX.Z/:G2C4CRLFUV)[A!J6E2-]HF
M4*0I'S;C@_C5)?O%'HSF^2+C([K2;3[-H<=Q.NR4)P&_A&.@]*])T(TJ:9Y


6/N/R!
M6




2O;:;)/$`9`%5%(P
DXY]AUKKF^6/
S%*\U$I:?
M;7+36[W=S)+)YBL
'8!R.
#J*Y83;JQ7H;SM&+2.MKWCS#&\1B8V40@9@_G#


3_GI;.&_
5JJK


M^I[UQUJ

__`%A66&GR5+';5=Z$
R
MJ*1Y

&.0?6O$4?=L?3J7
/,SJX*RW.J\2S--);:7#

MP]3AM5O)5\1W[PY.)64A#DX`P1C\#7D5W)578]O#0A]7BY%B/0+6\M_M.KI:




*Q\4Z7J`\N5E



D:+:V+FZ



M

&!<R[1

_PZO]G^!;9Y1L;R3(WMDD_X?E45FN0W

KGZFL/^7J8ZM
M$XF.T$NQ/O9('3WKLIQ4IV;M&YZ_;QC3M#AM6;[J``BJK2Y?=9YB7/.YIZ=





MT@/GU2.5C!;$GU;M6=2JF^6(X4)+WI&

M1:IIUWK-U#9P_N-+B^61NF[V%7*+J2UV


(JI%7-:$/:3Y9.Q9TK

M(;%]O^T6NY6V!TW
X&6Y&:X(3KNM'330VDJ7*T=-7OGG&)XE=DL8BMU]F/G`
M;R!C[IX.:\[


V=]48^Q3UB[#+_PQHOB/S4!BF7E9(R05/K6ZA%ZPW(]M4AI/5&/<:9
MXBT15V2F_M5_YZ#<0/KVKEG2UD=
7(G!1N<BMJ
M



K3-/PS=F]T&(K(2\#&-P#^1KL5W!3B<.(BHU=2KK[.G
MA^[M8%$9V;$!(4')]SZ5$YN2U+HKWN8P/#NA7%E-/J-PA#L-J!6!4+ZY'%3)



















M]*UJ0Y6JO5$TYW3I


KQ/;6
MNI6%@UTN]89
JA)VL??VK.M4DXKE-L/'EF[G/1:A-;%HM+T^64!N=D92(?CT





2

MN+$S;E&

?+EII^?Z



F!Z&L9+F5^I

#S(H,10##


M7!JEO_`P#8K.I&/Q(WPTG!NG(269TM7EB;#K&2I]#@UC9I\\364$]&=%Y
&O


X4I2UV1A:




M^RQH9L)&HY!/)KKA1C#5G%4KN6D32CG2XD







2E%KE-^WO0+MK
KE)%)`^E71FY-T

MN6@
M%+8SK=OL(;?EY3EF<U=[Z(KEY40^&?$D
6QP-J^ASU_KBI#
T'R

O3`R0?:YN9)?F(]/05AS.'O
ZI._NHZK1Y#)I

IBU
M&W&Z4`(WN


MZUY'

AE4D-::=-.`
B0QEE/XUN

M`98E4RJNU21TKODE+WHGG-.&CV

MBRV_P/B7Y5-#E[%HZ7C3^L5+O9%3P''

.5-
M)(;K6K0Z






&!)QD[3_B?RKSLQA&=)*7?]&=F#J3IU&X*^AR9L]&A
MG

M4TU(GU[3+/4X4N9XV/ECAE.#BMZJOJ9492INQF:4+/2C/MO;F6*1=OE$+Q[@

MRYH^Z9ND^:[-.%_



ZJ#R=03[0
+

N:D[=#G+U3;Z

*:PI)\Z.VUH/T.YM+



MG&5KGI#73N/
5RHX9`J7-LYHTTM+:'#ZAKUY+;S/L:V8N41.C8]237'5?W


319[W6+NXN8WBW2DEF4\CZ_2N.4)*39WQJQC32

M%.A*I%I-CJ*
D[(ZFO4.`QO$5E;7UG%%=1F1!

.I&XGZ5Y4^2+=CUJ=6HW:2
C^S]-AE)%
MQ

BRH?E#CC(K6-3FT9A5I?:1B:AI+Z1-(



!


M7:GSQNC@:=-V/


4*D#/<?_JJ)+1Q
EK9H\\NI

3IQ*.3

??[

M%SM:1



MQ5UX\LE-&6&ES)TF;



@I4H2YC:52








M4&S



BGI]0.WX5@H2BDV




495*;M(YVY\
WI8LJQSIU^4]1]#4*A-=3=5X-69C



M=9\)WEO`WS7%JWE

M33U1K6]V=SE_%MNDNM62&(O&R[&ST'/4UYUUS61Z-&_LW8ZQ[*YM$$ZNCHJ_
M

M'=I]D?+NHWAFYP:WH3]M%J1R8BG[-W0X%83-EU$:MEV![`=*JE:-Q2O))DM[

MVN
\'KZ8-31G^[=^A%16FC*-V]M837$.WS@G[L$\%SQS5TI))S9M.-[(?#J]

;B10%Z#=GM5TIT*DHR6C

W6/L+6RIJ#(L+OL&_IDJ?Z9K&O!3A9FE*3C*\3F5\/&!



3_
_EGC/K4S:CHMAI5&]=R!8]

ZG)YR:R5.$OA-&ZL5J








MGWK5S2IZF/(W4LANEW;7VD
8_*61


M\

S=

M_=V-N:

]K.NRYB&01P&'J*Z



_ZL]**W

MJ4KQYD=L*CC+4T/#D36^N;RQVE



@UYC

M`-F!WD.?8L8J[-M(+4ZBPLEBA%G$H5%'S-C`S5TX2J/WCDE)+WNI@ZY/-X
MEN$T30I&'D/BXFZ`8XQ[UU*$9?(B+Y+REU.KTZQM])TQ=/@8@K$2[@89VQRQ




MC!


M*Y6WO$MW)

MG4N[

M=

;



MOWC*JHI:&OJVD6FMVH@N%W1JVX$'&#6[IW9S*?*9$GAS2WG6`R9/I]*S^K7E

_

^




ME-1IQL7H[&90

`
MR*TC3ENS.4KZ$T5_(Y*1Q
%7
MJ['.16GM&_=
G32U9);PA)3=7)



MX3WT%E$D








CR8^[TK.CRI
M7-:J:5BGX@TZ^UZZB%M/Y%M&-WFMQM/TI2ESN\@IOV2LMS7TVRMM/MHXD4RR

M3V\D5L7\R&'W8YK?V;A&[6IFJB;*OV:Y;[VYSZ]*SDVUL5S)%F.`0`(T;R
W


[E';'

B@?#V





M9L#S/(XQ]
_KFDIV+=)$\?A`1];S)]?*_P#KUHJ[2L8RP]^I)_PBBF/8UUE3
M_P!
^OZTG69






S6R%6+)A)3ZE
MY-K&C+HHE$6)MGED=%Z@=!UKEJTO:23[&M.;@BI_PB\?VOSQ*`?]SG^=93PS
MD[\WX&JKOEL6FT4M$\9G^5QC[G_UZ4L*FK7_``%&LXRN4K7PJ+69F6[8H?X#
M'_\`7K&&7J#^(Z)XUS7PEMM#9W!:XR@_@V?_`%ZKZDF[N7X&2Q+70+C0R]C-

M^M.UK&XVAB216EN9)`#G#5O.AS[LRC5MK8IZQX7?5+BUDCO?L\=NN-@C)R?7
Y<:[AT+!T9EA$<-QY6T8!=

_UI

`
end








begin 644 form103.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0$`8`!@``#_X0!217AI9@``24DJ``@````!`&F'!``!

14%$(%1E8VAN;VQO9VEE


M0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P``1`)U`JL#`2(``A$!`Q$!_\0`'P```04!

M`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D


MA(6&AXB)BI*3E)66EYB9FJ*CI*6FIZBIJK*SM+6VM[BYNL+#Q
7&Q\C)RM+3



B



G*TM/4U=;7V-G:

!``(1`Q$`/P#W^BBB@`HHHH`****`






M



MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`*RM:_U
'_`%T_H:U:RM:_U
'_`%T_H:X\?_N\BH[F2G^O@_ZZI_Z$
M*Z;=7
#_`%L/_75/_0A70AZ\[*793^7ZE3Z$^ZES4(:E#5[/
9DV:
U$&IVZ
MJN!)FC-

&MPV5Q+%



#AM!OX8;R;4=(T
MVTT[^U-;%K?136VV56%L1E2.1(']0=Q(ZY,47B_6[N;2[BUOM*D_P!U!YX
M0C+')+!(B*


KQ07;1P.K!V1FSN
A






`%\L
+PWRYR?E'!K;;6[R*ZU*`)IL5S]LM[2.

M.Z+_`*7_`

Y5]=UTW%M8HFFK

ML.Y6
7M3#%5XQTPQ^U8NB.Y1
5

57S'3#'64J([E`QTPQ^U7S%[4PQ5E*@.
MY1


C_



*W
M7CUQ5:'Q%J


!-FC-1;J7=57`YV^2'6/%DFC7T



MB09;;2M.LK);*UT^UM[1&WK!%J(K9W9@8SGG/K3N!Y_9:#8GQAXGG_`.$:





M\1_88MH;&


[PQ
Y_M33V
C)IM\UM$[G)*%$D`SWQOV_\``:WMM5-*L$TZS\H2

4N4$I2;*FVTFVDX@0%*:4J
MQMI-M3R#*ICIICJT4IE3R`4S'33'5PI32E9NF!2
55[N/%I-_N-_*M
QU6O

M(5Q91_%EZ?JBI[%NN!OO'UO#K.H1V6H65V+6RF
=A#


MACFCDMXU

LKOR;1KFU2-]0


MM3F&S

MQ



4W-+FF`N*
49HS0`F*3%.
MHQ0`S;2;:DQ1BE8+;2;:EQ1BE8$I56_3_B77/_`%R;^1J_MJIJ`QIMU_UR

M\67I^J-)[%NO/)=#\10W6IKIJW-M)(]S()6N=T$P=]R!(PX*N
G+83TW'@CT

CD8M.\5V]K

Y)8[@0&)(`%:_T#Q5=VMW%?VVJWNZ_M)U
MBMKE85PDV]V5C=Y^X



Z+9S.BM*
X4#HK8=0^2H88.2-I`-CP
MK'=1:(([VRFLYC/._DRLC
`TK



PO9P[%;^R/%?\`T'=&_P#!/+_\DT?V

DT?V1XK_Z#

M?(BPTG?T%9']M7([+^5=.W@%68LVH



M1?\``+_`,_Y_P_?_UZ/^$`7_G_`#_W[_\`KT_J&8?RO_P)?YAS0.=_X2*]
M']S\J7_A)+X?W/RKH?\`A`%_Y_S_`-^__KT?\(`O_/\`G_OW_P#7I_4LQ[/_
M`

M_P`_Y_[]_P#UZ?U/
NS_`/`E_F+F@8'_``E&H#NG_?-+_P`)3J([I_WS6]_P



M^$PU7^^G_?`H_P$QU7_`)Z)_P!\MG_`(0!?^?\_P#?O_Z]'_`+_S_`)_[
M]_\`UZ?U;-/[W_@7_!\#'_X3+5O[\?_`'P*/^$RU;^_'_WP*V/^$`7_`)_S

)GJW_/2+_O@4O_

M?\$+P

MK_\``+_`,_Y_P_?_UZ/^$`7_G_`#_W[_\`KT?5\U_O?^!?\$+P
G_A-=7_







6;AB0-QQBNEHKWC
Y/\`X0:S$

4&Z







M+_C1_:NG_P#/_:_]_E_QHL%T7:*I?VKI_P#S_P!K_P!_E_QH_M73O^?^U_[_
M`_XT6Z+M%4O[5T[_G_`+7_`+_+_C1_:NG?\_\`:_\`?Y?\:+!=%VBJ7]K:
M=_S_`-K_`-_E_P`:/[6TW_G_`+7_`+_+_C18+HNT52_M;3?^?^U_[_+_`(T?




NYH45G_`-LZ
M5_T$K/\`[_K_`(T?VSI7_02L_P#O^O\`C18.9=S0HJA_;6E?]!.S_P_Z_XT
M?VUI7_03L_\`O^O^-`N9%^BJ']M:5_T$[/\`[_K_`(T?VUI7_03L_P#O^O\`
MC0',B_15#^VM*_Z=G_W_7_&C^VM*_Z=G_W_7_&@.9%^BL_^V]*_P@G9_]




M307.C217#F.%TFC*R
.2JD'DCT%/M/\`A%=0




$D1O+0C(
M9L'@$#.35#0+C1O$+:G]ETNV\NSN?(24



MI'NF3[-AMI7_`%1).0PP0IRI'8D'.'L'W



@\




#T%(;51_*BE@Q

/X:]PT3




MS3I+;[C]DPQ+`

Y2[T_P`3-XOFU5;/2;RWAC\G

D`18



.624PI;2V\B
M3EPN[;Y14/G&..<C'44`4=\/WV@^(]3^S)`=%O-DP::]FFN/.@
QW@Y!`



_A/4M2TF
W7V33]6@N9&BEM9FF5X'DWO&Q9%
M.1C!P55O81W_AC4;GQ+?:H_AWP[?
YC^R3W5TZRQ;



RV
MTI@GOV$I56EP@W$D`N$!.




M`]NQE!C*`@
'`Y\P?P\8[YX`
K2?#FJVVJQWVH74
AEA5[I(V8C[0H*`KD#Y

M$3[?G8QKE&PO*_





\9E))&W;CC=C.[H`
53B\(WEO9R-';PQWQ93O_

KRHBJ[*NT$@

MJ#HBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*Y_P`/?\ASQ9_V%4_](K6N@KG_``]_


MIL([2.&WLMGE
C[U=?FV@!OX=O0#GURO$6F:K;7VA7/V@W6J2ZJCR7-MIDC0
M1(L$J*6C5B0
R#)+C.3R`..\#TX/0
XM_`VH1WD%Q::S:QE8+Q)?-L6?S);I

M#((P1C)ZN^U.2/5+33+
1FZG5IF
@)5(D*ACQU)+*`



M''#\CGD9R.E



M)`D4]@TV?



M]A5/_2*UH`ZBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`KG?%G_'O9?]=S_Z`U=%7.^+

MU*L_O7

M^(]-'_+VOY'_``I6&IKN=0LWO3Q-7
#Q+I8_Y?%_(_X5(/$^E#_E]7\C_A19


?/'N6]3T(:







;2

MHG_(`T[_`*]8_P#T$54C.EN:%%%%0=`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!7/
M^'O^0YXL_PPJG_I%:UT%
M%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4
M444`%%%%`!7





7_/-?RHYP^KON?.OE2?W&_*
MCRI/[C?E7T5Y


MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@#*L/^0]JW_;'_P!!-:M9
M5A_R'M6_[8_^@FM6@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`Y_P`96T=SX.UE)?,?9)'S'
T9!52PY4@]0/KT/%8^HPPW^K:


.^O6FA

M2*UKH*Y_P]_R'/%G_853_P!(K6@#H****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBLK7

$_TIQBY-10F[*YJT5Q8\67Q'$-M_WRW^-+_PEE]_
MSQMOR;_&NGZG5(]K$[.BN

MB=G17&?\)9??\\;;\F_QH_X2R^_YXVWY-_C1]4J_TP]K$[.BN
_X2R^_YXVW


MM^3?XT?5*O\`3#VL3LZ*XS_A*[__`)XVW_?+?XT?\)9?_P#/&V_[Y;_&G]3J
M_P!









804MSD/^$7U'_IW_`.^S_A1_PBVI?].__?9_

MY![&)Q?_``BVI?\`3O\`]]G_``H_X1;4O^G?_OL_X5VN:\[M[/2-6M_$M[XC

G&,D^N5/(/8Q-
M;_A&-1_Z8_\`?9_PH_X1C41_SP_[[/\`A4=KXFUF74K2WN%T^);N^O+!5B1Y
MCQ*[*Y8L

M^;G)'4_KE0/8Q-G_A&=1'_/#_OL_P%)_PC6H_]

M+L!K#%0[EN3;PL1DD\9)XZ#M7
6C6[^`I?$D^F6U]XBC+C4&EG
$\+AR&C5]
MK%0#P%^Z1ZYY/KE0/8Q-_P#X1O4/^F/_`'V?\*3_`(1S4!V@_P^S_A5=KN?
M2?$/B9&AANKDV$9:XD:2&*1]RYY()4'H!MR?3-0RW.I7OB2R1I;6'4[*2[M
-]4V:+<0PV+0W/V,742*[L#<2[-P?*A5[KPY;G(4#)VOMI&O




MZU-_L:]'\

%
M9<B%6W2,-VWD=VP
8IR:SKEI::;-JD=M'YJE[DI:/\`NP6HN\LG7)8AAP

M/:#)&&./)D;'/;*J?J!5O7+TVVK:-:Q06EP+B\:%S(WS0.(7=2!C@D`\^AZ'

M.XB




MEB+A[


M$K&/NIZ5]Z1_P`@6Q_Z]X__`$$5\UU]*:1_R!;'_KWC_P#017G8MWBO4WI;
MEZBBBN$WBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*Y_P]_P`ASQ9_V%4_](K6N@KG
M_#W_`'/%G_853_TBM:`.@HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
5C5D0&U3J


M4\BH(P\MNK





M`8Q@Y!7@8R!Q3N!TP\+Z`D*Q+HFG)9OMH+1









M:G8RVDZG:Q#*P`RCJ0RL



M'



M7-*P#L4F*


M7E7_``FFL#_ELG_?`_PI?^$UUD?\MD_[X'^%+ZG/R#VJ/5@].#UY1_PF^M?\




G\.
GBJ=]KTT

M%'YSE$!88R2`3QG/2LJ;2-5$VEZG;1V8U.ULGLY8GG;RBKE2&9)4Q@CY1G
M)''4`$

NW!.X'MWS3X&N+72CH=E+^FW5A!87C
MS.RR*L8*EEC#%E.

$*SG&3L'


S1Q

M\ASQ9_V%4_\`2*UH`ZBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`K+UO3)-4M$@BN/(9

G%J2$U=6//V^&I9BS:F23W\O_`.O2?\*S_PHG_Y_P#K

MK/\`ZB?_`)_^O1_PK/_`*B?_D+_`.O7H-%'UNKW_`/91//O^%9_]1/_`,A?
M_7H_X5G_`-1/_P`A?_7KT&BCZW5[_@'LHGGW_L_^HG_`.0O_KT?\*S_`.HG


MW:B_(-OL^;9UW#/K5O\`X5G_`-1/_P`A?_7KK+#_`)#VK?\`;'_T$UJT?6ZO


M`/91//O^%9_]1/\`\A?_`%Z/^%9_]1/_`
A?_7KT&BCZW5[_`(![*)Y]_P`*

M/SKN+.W^RV-O;EMQBC5
XQG`Q5FBHJ5IU%:3*C!1VBBBLB@HHHH`****`B



MLRS6^[_QV4C]:`-JBLG^U-2_Z%^[_P_\/\`\71_:FI?]_=_P#?^'_XN@#6







\0_\^NE
M_P#@5)_\;H`UZ*R/
\0_\^NE_P#@5)_\;H\SQ#_SZZ7_`.!4G_QN@#7HK(\S

M
\0_\^NE_P#@5)_\;H`UZ*R0=?/)334]M[M^N!_*E_XG_P#U#?\`Q^@#5HK*


M'_G]MO\`OZO^-']IV/\`S^V__?U?\:\[P/2C`]*/J





MI1]1CW%[=]CT/^U;#_G_`+7_`+_+_C1_:NG_`//_`&O_`'^7_&O/
#THP/2C
MZC'NQ^W?8]#_`+5T_P#Y_PU_P_R_XT?VKI_P#S_P!K_P!_E_QKSS`]*
#T

M4?48]V'MWV/0O[6T[_G_`+7_`+_+_C1_:VG?\_\`:_\`?]?\:\]P/2C`]*/J
M





\_F$2
F2`Q\MDRXR/EQSM


M$;@P=6Z$?

H)`!'/X\U-0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%87B7_CVM/\`KX_]

K31@@]QO%=5_9.F_\`
M/E;_`/?`KEDXN+?_`*^(_P#T

3QST&.1Z=*[C?QQ7G

M2XT#PVVMW-ZUQ#=&4LR*S[O]88-V5X`P.?;I7+S3[FG*NQUMNVA&ZCTZY&E1
MZN8A))9)

M0(TH6[V[W!=IE#;05`8+C!3YN6R


]3VQFNK\/
MZ=JUEJVHW%_;V

-S'`(UMKAI-K(FTC!C7CT/MTHYY]PY5V

ZQ-;B:XO?#.
ME1V


G%6C'HR2RB5--2)/+`;S5SELX!&.



TZA
@D`%C@!N.1V/'--:X\-+K']E%[$7OD?:/++*#Y?K_`#/T




MEAHEA=_:[C[.3-<F'8VTL#Q&V1\I_3KGB'3;VSEO+[3M6TNVTV^LHUGD'FB2
M)HF)`D5R%XRI!R`01^-:?B&PUF[DTE].MK4VMS]IE%S=/%T4J%7;&V?O'DX

!C)YSVJI;

M

9S



UJB1B)6
B2
WSGJO




^H([4W1+U-8TW[8+8P?O)(RC
&
M(*



W$\G)+$DDDGDDU])Z1_R!;'_`*]X_P#T$5\U






'/#

BC`#1E0JDXY(8]^!G@`T-*U!=2CFW1&

M#ZL&QZ@`]ZW\4[@0E*:4J?;2;:=Q%8QTTQU:VTW93N!4
5

572E-*57
*Q1
M
7M3##5\QTPQU7.*QGF'VJ




MS=
?
:HEIXEK





MUC'W5P:H^3+_`





\G_P^
M34_5XA[1GI@\2:6/^7Q/R/\`A3QXETH?\OB?D?\`O
/(E_YY/\`]\FCR)?^

MYY/_`-\FE]5AYA[5GJP\4:0/^7Y/R/\`A3AXIT?_`)_D_(_X5Y*$=G9%4EDQ
MN`'(^M.\B;_GD_\`WR:7U2`_:R/6AXJT;_G_`$_[Y/\`A2CQ7HH_Y?T_[Y/^

^4RS*.&*D!O8_X
MU[KI'_(%L?\`KWC_`/0166
C:*]2Z+NR]1117GFX4444`%%%%`!1110`4444
M`%%%%`!7/^'O^0YXL_[J?\`I%:UT%
M110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%

MY4?]Q?RH\J/^XOY5)10!'Y4?]Q?RH\J/^XOY5)10!'Y4?]Q?RH\J/^XOY5)1




%O')

M+B


M/'=U!XO70K72(9/])$$CS7ACD[-[3
(W[H#`W$C+''O4`^)23:;JNJ6&F&


M`N?\/?\ASQ9_P!A5/\`TBM:ZN?\/?\ASQ9_P!A5/\`TBM:`.@HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H

%R+
0J
M#RNV



ZO[/S9G6-&<2.F1&^]




:
M#PUI5K-#/#:E)8;B:Y1A

+7$K*


M110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!7/^'O^0YXL_[J?\`I%:UT%


1F51OD;?W&MH

)#=_\`/*'\C_C1_P`)#=_\\H?R/^-
_L&]]8?^^C_A1_8%[ZP_]]'_

M`'T?\*/[`O?6'_OH_P%'/FWG]R#W!__``D-W_SRA_(_XT?\)#=_\\H?R/\`
MC3/[`O?6'_OH_P%']@WOK#_`-]'_CGS;S^Y![@[_A(;O\`YY0_D?\`&C_A
M(;O_`)Y0_D?\:9_8-YZP_P#?1_PH_L*\_PF?_?1_P`*7-FWG]R#W3_`(2

M?[WX![A+_P`)!=_\\H?R/^-)_P`)#=_\\H?R/^-1_P!B7G_3/_OK_PM2?V)
M=C_GG_WU_P#6HY\U_O?@'N$O_07?_/*'\C_`(U%/K-U/;R0E402*5+(65AD
M8R#D'WH_L6['_//_OK_`.M2?V-=_P#3+_OK_PM2Y\T_O?@'N'BW@O2O$]O
</Y'_&D_X2\_Y
MYP_]\G_&H/[*NA_<_P^O_K4G]EW([)_WU6'M


_[P6@6O[?O?[D'_




H_A'YTGE2#^$?G2^M8_NPY8FE_P`)!??W
<VJLKZ?J9S26Q;HHHKZ`RBLK7=3DTC1;S48[*6\
HY-`'0T5Q\GCB2W6_L;8SZ;%9PWUU<O)Y9BAER5*C!W$!26!(P/4X
M%36?B^.YUF]L9;4PPP+

M?]A5/_2*UH`ZBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`K*UO\`X][?_KM_[*U:M96M
M_P#'O;_]=O\`V5JXLP_W:7]=2H?$C)3_`%\'_75/_0A73!JY@?ZV'_KJG_H0
4%Y4;3\Y^7CGI7L

M


MC4?%&OZ7*MDRZ9=W`O+&-KM(WBB


M8K_W@N






X]JJVW




1EN++3--@OX
'KJ]:/2[B&WMXX;RVE@90+G


MAVN[


M_:1)HNG/]J(:XW6J'S2#D%N/FP?6IY(]AW.5UG5O$5KJB:;IZV4D^R-R192S

M7'LC*!(P20#EF)//)R




M`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`


/%;RM&S2*NYT&P;5P-X&Y\

MRMOILQC%6IH+'/0^(/$47]GOJL=A8BYAFB:%HMTGVM

M6J6-NEM;LK01+$H2
KRI48P.V*)=*TVXU'4)M/M);V$8BN7A4R(/9B
CKV
MJN81P_A/4+^UT.#2M
N;.&59M1F#:AOE
B1W;KM!W@YY&7);''!S5I?&FM7
M7-[';6%M;6]K97@M9=[3RI.#E.H/D8'#9(QWXZ9?#7A];2*S&AZ:+6*3SHX

N]K*




MI;Q01%B^R)`@W$Y)P.Y))-`'


5MVNC:7

M:`-`J
8/2N-\#Z?IFD6.LM:6MI9Q_P!JW*L8D6

M74


UW5KFV-C=7]B;B[U&^A6:2)U6.*&1E*X#@EB%.


^`!SGH
QA
M5.F6*Y2T4#F:+@;MRL6W!0

##_R]@H0S.1]
M_AOO'G)Z\\[::+ID4UO/'IMFDMK%Y$#K`H:*/&-BG'RKCL.*B@T.PTY+IM*L
M+*PN9P2TL-JJ[F_O
!C=SSR:5@*/AF2:339X)I#*;2[FM5D))+(KD+DGJ0N`
M3W()K8*5%IFFQ:78):0Y(!9Y'?&Z1V)9G..
EB2?K5S;4.`RJ8Z:8ZM%*0I4


M(H1?GP2




Q?^$[\(?\`0UZ'
M_P#&+_XJC_A._'_0UZ'_X


8O_BJV

?_?(H`Q?^$[\(?]#7H?\`X
8O_BJ/^$[\(?\`0UZ'




?_?(IZ1I&
(BJ/88H`?1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4
M444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`5E:W_`



(ES2YJ+=2AJJX
M$N:
U&&I=U%P'\48IN:7-

4F*=1B@!FVDVU)BC%*P$6VDVU+B


M%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4

MDN[3P_87-@TD-W?^')KK5YXU`D-P##^\;C_6`M

ML1I-N+6X^R2OLMI7991(K$*V!@PR?=Y8`GJ30!Z717`)KDN@MHT-Y$]]B#

SNP)&1A??(/?T`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!65K?\`Q[V_

K;MV


MF;\\3FO[;N?1?RH_MRZ]%_*NE_X0%/\`G^;_`+XH_P$!3_G^;_OBC^S,?\`
MRO[U_F'/$YO^W;H=E_*E_MZ['9/RKH_^$!3_`)_F_P^*/\`A`4_Y_F_[XI_




(!'_S_`#?]\4O_``@$?_/\W_?%/ZGF?G_X
M%_P0YH&'_P`)9J8_BC_[Y%+_`

M_P`W_?%'U3-//_P+_@AS0
7_`(2_5!_''_WR*/\`A+]4_OQ_]\M#P9#-?7

M4?\`8ZK_P`]$_[X%;/_``@,?_/\W_?%'_`Q_\`/\W_`'Q1]5S3^]_X%_P0
MO`Q_^$RU;^_'_P!\C_A,M6_OQ_]\MC_A`8_P#G^;_OBC_A`8_^?YO^^*?U





](O^^!2?\`:ZO_P`](O\`O@5K
M_P#`1_\_K?]\T?\(!'_`


M\2V0M39R+$46;S5(:-)5(;`R=LBYXZYY/4])0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`51_LK3O[4_M/\`L^U_
MM`)L%WY*^;M]-^

I]6(')^M);:7


MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`RK#_D/:M_VQ_\`036K658?\A[5O^V/_H)K
M5H`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`*UY9



M`)_[7_O\O^-']JZ?_P`_]K_W^7_&BPKHNT52_M73_P#G_M?^_P`O^-']JZ?_
M`
_]K_W^7_&BP71=HJE_:NG_`//_`&O_`'^7_&C^U=/_`.?^U_[_`_XT6Z
M+M%4O[5T_P#Y_PU_P_R_XT?VKI_P#S_P!K_P!_E_QHL%T7:*I?VKIW_/\`
MVO\`W^7_`!H_M73O^?\`M?\`O\O^-%@NB[15+^UM._Y_[7_O\O\`C1_:VF_\
M_P#:_P#?Y?\`&BP71=HJE_:VF_\`/_:_]_E_QH_M;3?^?^U_[_+_`(T6Z+M
M%4O[7TW_`*%I_W^7_&D_M;3?^@A:?\`?Y?\:+!=%ZBJ/]KZ;_T$+3_O\O\`



M6E_^`LG_`





!9/_CE'E^(?^?K2_\`P%D_
M^.5KT4#.?@T_7H;VZN1?::6N-N1]E?`VC']^K/E^(?\`GZTO_P`!9/\`XY6O

!9/_CE'E^(?^?K
M2_\`P%D_^.5:_M73_P#G_M?^_P`O^-']JZ?_`
_]K_W^7_&BP715\OQ#_P`_
M6E_^`LG_`



MUI?_`(R?_'*M?VKIW_/_:_]_E_QH_M;3O\`G_M?^_R_XT6Z*OE^(?^?K2_

M`'^7_&C^U]-_Z%I_P!_E_QHL%T5?+\0_P#/UI?_`(R?_'*/+\0_P#/UI?_

MA:?]_E_QHL'


M)V?_`'_7_&C^VM*_Z=G_P!_U_QH#F1?HK/_`+;TG_H*67_?]?\`&M@::84







44B
P`8J3@'.`P(^H(HY@]B^YR&!Z

':/;


+V4B#`]!1

%5@P5LC+#\*5'CMK2:XUJ'3]/2-]O


?

3`]!1@


M%HSC.&';CGGM1SA[!]S@

M]!76:J]C9:U8Z3::+8S7-S&\W[^40#8I`(3Y3O?YA\O`]2*@M]1T3^VI--U#
M3+;3'6WMI8VNG1?

MZSGM)Y;:PTZ:56=8U63Y&()`#








H9
`##
`1E@0/?`IMX(UL1NWD:9+
M.^K66H@S7;L8O)6


MFAU)IA\I9`P4Q*OSJ#DCOQQ6O_`
)+H2B)CK6G!9I%CB/VM/G9E#*J\\DJ





UW#:E);HPA3(X13D(V1E


MDER6`.6)R1SSW-6].NM2DE:'4=
CMI50
'@G

54Y'?*CKQFLS6O$5Q
M86FH7-AI\=W'8
&'2_?5M2BTNUABMI!
MJ%S&Q'V]#&01.A4*`.#N);IV!(K`T#PM<^)_`^E7W-M;JND1VUNUI.Q\S#Q




M)1=K')]5X^]6A97$.H64-W;D^5*NY=PP1[$=B.A%

M








M`-FKKZX_Q/\`\AJ'_KW_`/9C51W

M\JZ99:)$TGH7@].#U3$M/$E2:EL-2AJJB2GAZ`+(:N(&D^+9;;5+`)I%G#J-








L


5TL
M4

/M49@]J!-&.UO[5$UO[5LM![5$T
M'M3)Y3&:W]JB:W]JVFM_:HFM_:@GE
5K?VK$\31;-$G.*[!K?VKG?&$/E^'I



R+LP=PCW
C%

M2






BD2XTN9&;S+:1'5TC9-N&0
#\VX'&!C/-=U1Q0!

M'ZQ^9(TFW\-V/PKH


M..
R
M\/6D-RACF(:1T)R4+L6V_ANQ^%:^VC-+F@!NVF[:DXHQ0!%LII2I\4FV@N4
MIICJSMINV@16
=

56RM-*4`4S%[5&8?:KQ2FF.@5B@T/M4;0^U:)CIABIBL


M8C_EY7]:D77[`?\`+TOY&BQ7M$=


M!+7




_Z


7/'N:Q
M2FE*RO\`A
?#W_03B_[X;_D_P$Q\/?]!.+_OEO\*+

M9OYU[1\
?^1










M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
%HHH`_]D_
`
end








begin 644 nutrastarlogo.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!``$`F`8``#__@`?3$5!1!496-H;F]L;V=I97
@26YC
M+B!6
2XP


M'QXC*#
K(R8P)AX?+#TM
#4V.3HY(BL_0SXX0S

#`@0#!04$!````7T!`@
`
M!!$%$B$Q008346$'(G$4
+CY.7FY^CIZO'R\_3U]O?X^?H1``(!`@0$`P0'!00$``$=P`!`@
1
M!`4A
08205$'87$3(C*!!1D:&QP0DC


MAXB)BI*3E)66EYB9FJ*CI*6FIZBIJK*SM+6VM[BYNL+#Q
7&Q\C)RM+3U-76
MU]C9VN+CY.7FY^CIZO+S]/7V]_CY^O_``!$(`+X`QP
!$0`$0$#$0'_V@`,
M`P$``A$#$0`_`/?Z`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`
M@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`3(H`3(SCN*`'4`%`!0`4`
M%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`E`:AB@5BEJ.H6NE6$U[=R^7!NY


M1]QG$UY
IY8*@PB#L`%7)]S6





MC#VBJ]47+'Q%J.FV+6MM*L:$EEDV_.A(QP?89QZ9.*I3:
:F$A5GS2$L_$.I


M;'`6
\XH`6@04`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`#`

MH8$6Z*

*`'*2I!!P1T(JN8$KH
MNG5;SR+:`2^7%;-OC10`NX'.XC^(^YI\QS+#0YKGH5C\1(M.TL20SRW&J3D3
M7T[1?






;RG&
N3J(2!C)QG@4N0'-(*?(
MQJ:H*@`HL)
7BBPU8.O4XIMA;=MFWI6O2:-;2Q11LQD=9$;?M5#CD@`9W=



='=;E-WT#&!3;?Q(2LQ=QQC=QZ5+IQ7O6*4FERK0UM*EC@M9
,PKPT_
M9GN8+&+%4_:DP97&5((]JYI4W#<[:=15-4)6184`+R!BFT32M(Z70]9LXQ'
M;ZNVJ7

M;+8$'RQV!QWKTT?%5E:=KW-6J

_Q

BO+D2


\.G)YDI








MX(E5A&@(&

M'J;4X1BN5;#8M-L[5)$@MDC64[G4+P2`!T^@KGJXG$59\\WJO0N%.
5IL9\'
MAW3[2:Y9($

J]6
5?5==/RL*G1C';8Y2Z^&5C?




!2226H:]#Q7QEXCU

5


M;PM9Z']F


M5C7KX#$TJ=1XG$ZRZ=/R.:M2;AR0V


^O]37AXS+Z2J.OB'I_79GO83



MMB)DXKFFK:&Z=B)TK!HM


1Z8_

1HI9C^&.:]C*OJM[2
M7O?


@9*P:-$R)UK%HM
A*5@T:)D+I6#
M1:95K%HT3(B*R:*1&163190O;:413RVP)J#Q^6DLJ\`9[]\#KBNJA62E&-
M9^XNG_!6IE./

MY4QN


M#1HF0N*Q:+3(W6L&C1
@(K!HT1&16;12(B*QDE+WD-O2YSOBKPQ_PDMI%;-?

+OO?_@

I
M:II]NT,DNFZ<\07S9=HGGQQ^[4?+&F.X&?YUZE)76A\-C7G4<9:O[CTF%!%

ML

M'\.!7ZSE6;U
:HQA3]WO?]+)GS^(PRI?$SB^E?5.Z=EJCA3#&*G;S'HWH6[(

MUX+&X


S
QYE9)

M:G*W+!=-'^.C/!Q=.G3>CU.!_E7V%TM5L

KGJPXY;W-9M'50

7.;M17]?
XO5-2


M:Q49J\CUL+F


MIM\K$]]SDY_6LTC;`\RIW?4VG6L6CT4R%DK!HT3(72N=HM
A=*Q:-$R%EK%W

`#Z_*03^=7AJT\/63@$TG'4\'\:^&K+P_=H+;4
MEN7D)WH64N#U+$+T'UYK]6R3
GS9X'JW6NW#VL?
9I[6

M='5'.)0$(XZ4LGN4FTK3Y!.KV4#?:#F8&

M4$\;W'A\^1+U-JS?NV_W2?NG]*XJN%MK`\VO@DUS0/
X-3U?0IY+4R2Q;#ME

!;I:P-IVK11B+8%9X)5'3D`E3VYX

:%:G+





M





;2K&@)VH.[


M^-;T\)-IOL.


MO&Q.;TI4'[+]?\CV\-DU:-=*JM/E^C-@=.!C%?'7ONS[-1Y4N5;&AI&C7FLW


MT&[&?QXH3=F@


MO.#T:YF\/ZU;:GIT






2H#)+%G^_NXS[<4J=+A;N:XC-:L<0Y+I_EZ&CI?PMTC3Y8W?$P%NT;
5P


AAN5@!Z#*
MBM%1C&7


 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_IncomeTaxesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroWmBVFiveNineMwRLxz'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_IncomeTaxesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroCZwfRwNZeroMkVq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_IncomeTaxesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroqFMXSixbnJFourFournd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_IncomeTaxesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeronthTQOneCRsdZk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_IncomeTaxesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerovvGpTgbQSOneSevenR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_IncomeTaxesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeromhSevenRFourBOneJsJZeroW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_IncomeTaxesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerokXlTwoLwNineZeroOneJxB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_IntangibleAssetsNetZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroPcZeroNineDtmLrSixKX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_IntangibleAssetsNetZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroSixrNineZdxVSCqOneSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_IntangibleAssetsNetZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroSevenSrkEightbDHSevenqwT'

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#


54CH(J1U&5
MH[#*45SE*+!R%%D%BJP15:!(JM`D56@RI09!4HL@H4606*K`)%UAQ%UAQ%
MUAQ%UAQ%UAQ%UAQ%UAQ%UAQ%UAQ%UAQ%U@)%U@)%U@)%U@)%U@)%U@)%U@)%
MU@)%U@)%U@)%UA)%UA)%UA)%UA)%UA)%UA)%UA)%UA)%UA)%UA)%5HDBJT21

8A-

Y8J'CQMG!QVJ+

M`/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`+55


M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

%'*86C1DQFH9=R4Y3V&OQY0+3S5P6H(!WL'JC[Z//FRMS1-
M;W@OYGUBETZ

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````



.4XP
$[#CM.@.)+-


MKQ6\5)8]ZU@XZW@V=3RD3F`S.4`F![:P`C;6K!!
^VZ
FZ]Y+
LAJ:CPMF3P

%ZUC32P?6CF8+0D-#


M[7BV)#R41&!+(D!)!+8D`I1$
VNCY_)(*]XGK^MF??V$[3UKAFG

MMJ\L])5E^\IB7[$1Z$V6


M/ZU*W!-
N_Z\9@O#L)FG(/
4FWD*


M7_TW:/4;``#__P









NB%3=9^K([?:@8MGY\SM;+S4OQ

MQ-!


HXH;^#J8*4]$TC.7



%/
SZ+Y1'33-Q2([4


MB@
DL



V
M(1B;/HQ
]AF3]HLUH.`]AF@C1'99`CY[#,^[5%9-82L]AFK]KL*B&UM-VJ
MK?Z&N&PHK-BT'5=_G^%;1@X/OB8A\G828C!C_C5]&@'N
X!Y##9I(+I]AN[;

:SG?2T-Z<
M'$TK.@YM+:`P!C4*\4T=%H90CQC4J(-[NOTJ0QU
ZA%C&G7X]@YUD.D18QIU
M^.8.=1#I$4

Q1'&-`TL$\^S'_R




M+OX.0N.B#@(]L0*M?$_=*(]NNXP;TWEL+E$'@9Y8@08='2\6

MQ_X@T!



`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!PVMKX:P4``
D4```8````







M$**22F(?_AAY3W5(&
0LN)%4:6^CV7&_

M=:

M
2@N]
/`J
E4`P3AK3E'9EE$AS;*;MBRALZ`!8[B:YTC0V^#[U!@(]9K/\
M01Z]S#8U!D6B

&'5IRZZYP7T<(54O?K`:X,.5RN`L`[X1H


F)[5H:(K?J
*WRX\?%CLAGU5%J4;@

]&^IB;)=CLGNU^


E$#`'PCSLS)
M@(*0U^YWQW)=I3B
)`3Z?3QP
M@EGD1_'?75Q+U5X3S19+J38(3@T<$_5$G
$_3DX]YE9CB'7]U*%'(W)G7%)

MPL

MS4P
X*@


$%``&
;+7F!Y2!ND#9`Q1%ES--41)A411(.D[^OH^D
M+3M6DKJY:)TW



MNE.




M


WHN8U


6MI8*VYRQK^8@R^TR@`


M8:$N\9!E*7+^(/-MPUN#)HK7S$#]NA*=/K@U^25V#5

M`'Y)(^S6@(ZPM_ZX$X6I

M9!3M
Z=)FOKGR;`M+\]LQ1-R.A@C&47[S(D?C?=/FFW'_]&[]?]];
5_@Y.Q
MEPA&$8*#
/:BV5#93F]AFS%$_+82R2C

7Q&Z5T_8X_N*

#N
MV(8_

*K[OQ5\FCG



MUK:+

;LKB=




(W!AH#U/

E/IQ!E)LS
2)N^1X()&$J8G$CQH


:CF)81&00;SI_VN]C=6M=V^6RL+


47WC)(&\;)
MC

HA

M
OZX27ZIFBF'XPJ(^@/6CU!T_G\0,4^\XYO/Z-T4S_7`40'T$H7ZX
M\/W(?2.^!(+IFAF(7IA`4&#A20)4S<9$2<IP*3]_Q1

MZL6A.RV)$P_FG'BQ/\]$TW1S,/4)'I`T,&#[X=!/5UXF%QB0=3-/.0OL@!






MB.V
8$5?I!J2Q/&
U@MJ=@R/M:%]W
S:)K%*04XV@CK[J6GQ(CO
MK-/J;P#1`U4@20XD<#^0T%DT2:;9]04L)CJ#=XQQU9+H_<(%@WTM!WS2Y`N


M7T336


M;)R6;6_B.!#'WY]TWR'*^Y(X3R0(6+57]7:E6VFUNH?7)C%@-8DCVY3VV^\X




L@VU`G4X&-$
_&]%ME?@+G8.+]U%?@A_0JMJ6'6O\4QZ^





-$%/

ML\SMU3&$Z5*?K@3!WC9JR1,+DIAK1#7.%%7KADC3%

MA
5`*WMUI44!=;ML&#@FX131







MUF2TLK:;^[[)*]%PXZE.M/E5+KA%I9ZXYM.U[T04WM3X(@]ALN6XH


MS^\WK=)\78/O)Q;R_



MZS?@NR:%*/FVMC_4[HN0F\K;D=@R/F:%\^WPN104*#Q)I%CRE4-`N!*&NDZ
M`PKG_K[3A:VRN@T]J(DF#*`D[4P]DXZ2DKRK;&J^8
"
M1A*.'E$@B*4$$Z29'9$G$D`QZ?%OJP*+F@D83IX1`D(0@DIF[+C]S
!\7L$


M0-S'4'P:R_9J)J/)KI1(T6J3G#&T;31`([H]GOGW6TVUP8!)/%QL@U]5OWI5



MH*W'-L.K+.2I




ZQ`R6[4;+\Q'V'UY#BFM5TW`OV3L;.X^FV((S__7F?I

M8:OTXYF)!!7%-`O'5YD2GB


L@ZDCVQ
:*
MK\6^3P45-*3@V`

0/HN!$=[W;`(98-^BG)$9$TJS``<B=\(@8)9/



MV+X#P51'9KDFW+)-=VB;&J4[X@/84\








$`K2(4


M8OI4-MKP38V^CTG*Q1F[6US!*RF



/)+0-0K`)U'23P86

M

MZ


M:&5E='


MCV?'7
`JQLAVFO;?[QHG-`V-E/4%

M@^(VTAVT^*741G&'2U
QVQG@11^D&I;&\8PI+EL:&!;F'`Y=EE+`G18;!:T+

MV'/WBQ&]DL)HJTL7(1T+B8X]7[$KADRK92'1@2\[




M:&5E='





M\@C4Y5W7:




$%``&``@````A``+H



MV4CWW)-2HD1V7[7:\$V#N9^2
1='[GYQ1J^D
-KJTD5(QX+1\\QS-F?(M%P4
M$A/XLA



H\:8&DO1`

''D/6]J&C/
MDZP\2TZGE&`*B\?SN)S'LP5[Q)J*`V8=
'@=

F`8.AFL(0V7EMZN\A'90_V
MRKY2WLHZO'@MD[XM



8E@XW?7-O-$.!ZA_


.U(LNV4
LR)*5IWWY)SE@4)Y+ER442


IS^J5

ZKLP\1'MI[8C3[?564GYKBI2[//01I


EQ5ZD
=-F]MMQO_0_B
MX6.:^N'3HRG0OU7YVHW^][IC\_IK6^U^K\ZEJK::)ST#STWS54N_[/13ZLWA

=&(/NQ^?RJY0%55A`IGH2$5S
M4@-0O[VZTJVA*I)_-W]?JUU_W/I1&B39*A)*[CV77?^YTB%]KWCI^J;^#T0
M0T$0B4'47PPBTB62;:^(TH((S()?LK[_.FQ;5X]U37*L[ODN@?%@XI\S0S&
M


M$T_0+.:ZX?AJ
?7=$%_00*ZV#DZN0J'T_F2-FKA*VZHPLRC:F!)'P4R1A:;)

J]

M000]ME[+QYZQUJR.&;49$U'=LF-8K`^M:U4;)09M34VV:%WF.4J;/'$\D
MV5&3:TIRE`$:=^X
DL6RHR:6EM48=;C#=@-BDH6RXR:6E.6H6B197J[?_]E
MRZBI-649BK#/A
@RVPUNC[-H)B=H%E&:H0B]
YG
73XDBV=&3?.F/$-19/8)
M\Q
4@;
(1+QQ?J8OW9(%-Z.FXZ!P0Q&
PRX&9](C%MB
FMC&

M:NIM9Q/S'J
M%O$LT2

MH44LS!DUK0#%'(I@YG7M[9)P2\B7#2Q:XLIY5$#7_#FH6Y:&+;%E/
H0BL


=L]!FU-2:H@U%R]8LLL43)]$D@U%8WF%U?
0IM1
MTZPIVE`$UO.?7\4LF!DU=:8P0Q$XI^DFM@('9C$+9D9-K2G
4(3UCN+UZ-#D


M=`;1\E2S*);F=*Y9(^.M&@-HJ5/Z=4M!XQ/\XR:EIM#$7S30;W*
!7^'79




M:&5E='




Z]KP




M.9TGDSP;D]W8=%-%
%6S3ZQM-:)R8T=B##'[IWY:WR3#P/4O8%KVI&;?B*IY
MIU'+*E@:!1ETF'+SUMT8V0\S:RT-S
GALH'?(H

KCQ^66Z4?3


)D=/WPT;\%VCDE=TT]H?
M:ON%B[JQL-L9&'*^%N7S+3<,`@6:*,T<$U,M%`!')(7K#`B$/@W_6U':IL3




&@$.C$UH:TRY<5Z<EKYEV9
L;6

M-1

S/V7IT;N[.+.O1:JDEKEQP,Y%T/.:8S=VP6FU
MS`148&,GBN<)O?,7FSEU5\LNG]^[_7)=Z)+N?^D1/95-!SAC;9!FRE?+32
M+YF]!0^[9T\_=`WXKDC&<[:KS`^Y_\Q%41KH=@@%V;H6V<L]URD$C9.$%JG
M5%8``)^D%G9G0#LN?N_%YDI$SJ)G'#F37R0DRW7YD%82TK2G3:R_H,B_V%



M?9$

+J_A@.D

8+
I/`+PPLBV&Z-;:6!T=U]+.*DYS![/

G6G_VKOP```/__`P!02P



U4)NHBQ;]_W5W-
3*6UAFM5
U3_


]3
MO(X6-W-



M

PU?2




9E%G[



MDA;S7&(&ONS$0)'193);C2A;S+OZ_)9PM%?/Q%;Z^-G(_*ML`(N-;?(-V&J]
RB^N;09OVPS?8^/%&47V:_!X!'MPL`ZB22A`DDXFHU[P3X*C



UJIFJ?XF1M\M?[\:750^L&4G%L$




*V




MA8'R/*Y)%
U7X2.$RHZ@C0?-


`4$L#!!0`!@`(````
M(0`S+X?M?P

M78^;



`.7:AOH



M^RI*#FG#.MD56$OY;*%?

C
XM2^)/?0]<:%B?EQ4)2;0,7B#4M`$](`@^
M':A%!%!.6Q/4<5K3Y92/TA9LI6WJMI8'O'$J0R_+1$-D+#CQ@=L5'Y)Q2XS2
M(KK`.A\[!YW[(V'Z%IP3S<^TT505.M.PWG[M,+.^WV5VX)SMIB=$N@M!N



9VY%NM*#VABY
MU

0RGE(*K+?_(
M\UQ[J=S;$8O`OUQ[MQW_[FD]P+4/8/JJV)9_8VHK2NWE?`.OAJ

M&%G5
]!:&IB[ZI\[F+
_?MZ/YI0XS]N

;MKB=T7BU[.OS6\FM.WHFKC;;SU857U4K
MH=C0IM`M3&/(?2A*\@.3[+ON\;\-V20I9\T_@?9OM%JJKVT.T)&`J^%L7+
MG70@HP43H)2



M$*`$#)IB(;(L8VP(.#&:O4=!2/I7098

M0D@ZDW#PB!(P:(Q%F(T'@2?TT_?0AZ0S^D.3D1Z#D'[$WN*'+?O_]D/2&?_!


''Y-
MJ[\```#__P





XIX`0T!0
N%C__B*/['A%T8C_D5/@.DC/F#_MD5.73K_<D+HQ'YD!V2(\A(+E8&

Y(\VY

MF=]*_\B4`
:#OJC\$67FMQ(_



=%54:'
_%:J
M*%YC1JJ8Z*JH4&9^*ST

MX7OA
#BX$N+A`[Z;5[3=T]]H67(G8T=QL$!@2]W?[0\]GD)Y;-$_@#.')MW3



;Q1@+2-/^^QU

M8)J



M=0N^G^B4\0/V

MD]5RJ
A&;)-)WE\PM0
M2%`T&+QCCJV61N\0;!K@M#WS6Y`N`/G@+.B(7O]E%3QZD!N/4N`<(W!AH3V/
M*TKSZ9(\0E'Y/N@V!,'S)2A&$)`3-8&.8TVO5_E`[8,]M:^ZUW(;)HYITM=I
M)J<TWOH$ML;_Z7Q2@8'CQ03-9Y$@2`A!-)T/I1@G^20&G!B=OD6!3SI3D$6




NT+]%_E;W_E_4
=C\^Y_46*@II5MQ7F;;E$0#@=7$JU-`BF3?]=^W8M<<

4CG_G!^UG6
M2*0;^#EKLJ?'JGQ;P*B![ZPOF1J#[`$RJY8)J`]RM&V]U51HHTKR2679+
/E




MDQ(E


\9'2H(YF$Y&Q


`75R)39F2]*T


M)*2ZEC

MC44\(=4-Q-F;(^YD13K*0C3Z


ML&GJT@Q)G7Q'C/F.

MU!?P/[6^'0R(3&V'Q+&'5IJDE03(2@C$7P)*^]&1T6U
F)!-K(\-ZHM_BA
M$Y%JDA

U[8E)-DF(BZGIX4


`








'1B%T*#DW73_!U.Y=.H^`FM;AS-+H8

[ETZCX)$5'(UB;'Z2AFG&0V


H!N($PN5


#0BVB3\N

QH:

@7+U(:EML)
)'%



3+:U
MCCXS21)10A)3M*$
)VK2*6IF-C6UE1Z1A*5I
@=OZL1-Y34:$@
#G0WDII81
M\QN+&:R(:^M/W]YI[Q&,FQV:JN3CQA&352!T5A3O!47B
9-CRUU:DH$35S
M--3@Q$XFO48:;'9JJU

A%$%)[\:;FS'$KM!66@/G+(KCN:YP


M`*940LCLTL#ROB1$\V14]N



0/VY@S
A`0^]
MPP48;^JZ.[V0IQGG4Z:[_P$``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`*GMU@D$`P``





M
EF!`+@ZM;!;`QQAS]U]+W)3IB2

@VE
A





0Y3S'<!7$AI#@M[/`U_&]9_`0``__\#`%!+`P04
M``8`````$`6V;.?[```#J!@``&0```'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='

M


MD^P2.DGUX[:?

*Z
J



MMB!9`/.A


M5N


MG)X!8-\'3:TL19KU_D:MD]$L@.SC



54&2KI3J2
:_UW99A3JMN7PKFRWO6W8
MQ

7R%O6N0K^KT-Y;7Z%7Y?+%U^5%*88JK1L2
MVVN;SCM:V7A/*&
#-6?DIC2]MX0-:-R'0;W.'#I)?A!+0GC4F0P
'%P@L%F#


S6KZ1$0;?785;30IV96\V(9HJBPRU769O8
MG
O!Y+EJ

\9BD/M)Z
Q
O91&\\!)0

ML;X!P?O20%V=%U+)A/BJZ*SR/:=O8U+:5\IH@8A.

ME7#C82J?H'K.6UM,^46YS3IBI=B!F?',4MG)9;G:)9)ENX*4BY#.:M(![H



M`MWD%//-J63YWFMSX)_N?&PR@U)N'38-36;_7
2\/5CLJG:]69[MO45%]
2B
MS:IG60'

MN-/-^9XPMI;L+/X^I['SYLQEY^3B11H[M;!C:SNVTM3@V9
ID.3[!C'&.^

$

%GI#VFZ
MNS2



MQ%$2;=-3

MY2ZOHPV`^

M*U
J`%)P:EGTH'0[ZOO<
M(G_'R),C3VC#1RS2HE^5GJU-G[T`C?1WKM?M!^BP`X)L7A2RSY-S<E4X@UC


Z7BY5&YU9\*?8Z.L%^5-LU(+_K95Q6DQBIBJ0E3TM]<B2=W)ZOEPN


Y+LBH[UPXSZZ9!6LC*8F@@4@6

M#@#.%XN+Q70Y



HCRG\[


(


M\Z:
+F6\VDX@\MRY!G?U,?E8,!`^8$EGF
6?0\OIQOBA`OF9!
M'L+^;?$PGU_S)S`6ZZ`9\R#-WNW\I_?[X

U!O7S


2&!1VJ+2:`GC208$%LZZ:*6_*TOS1$&BQAJ
M1D`&NAA1EY5(<V',&D`W(S<*^Q4%$2*QH8`<$:!@`(Q'6G^G6(
(\W`.!M&
MFH(Q!&H./F)-X$A0
^1(&`#/*%51]PE3:L8X(@T(PE@*B;)A-I9$8@QC:60=
MBME8$HD@C*60.!)C223&
)9&HE,)9$(`C`RBD+B2(PED1C#6!I9AV(^ED0B
M&


2(8)OM]$%3T'&X%<E8Y1-D

M

))Q3I2F_?

I3P?

ISAIE=]O3RQ=EUEAS]8S5B`FCE&$W)(-O7/6R]J
9G]



+4-*
MX;U



M-8WPTT2*Y&?KK
0335D
HE+$(
?Y?]'J6XC-]`52PQWQPC:OT=




M2
`J4K4H'5$^4;WCG8M1E5O4!YS$*=H'_JRF)YHY'4=77N,[V()7!%HHN?1
M7`4^2:85#@G9PFL[I3U@2RJ:03@&_'!Y0B52$.2WJ
U4GAEM9%D=3G]D(=M

P3N.793?YB<;G#+EO5MYMF4`78%A`C
M:@LLY!NV,W)%580+9%G4%@R?VYJ#M\@6W-Q'V!9<Y;:P1:YW6^,RX3?=HKC@
MD,(6S?VDWNS+8[9E:%K7



M

N/Q])[=Y_&=I5_=$G-.(EY3^Y5




M;]Z\L9:3V63]'Z`L\
/D\G%JKO2'--U=&D;B/+B!G9P&GA-'2;1-3QVXF76T

?SULSELL?%;#05


MAS#+#-HLBMDD7T;?,Q?@_454^YU)F]

UK_*9\4\.UHN3)`8O@**


/+'8CS.?C^9
M?@+N(I\C[
/L8#Y?%K
5`XZ7Y^/1(-L?3_-%\Y62%U/:[/$;8Z9*\Y/'!T


M(_=#WF
;S;?`^D6!FAEB!!'F;#CZ.!JBFU?-^F



5E\6O6RSAYK6?[.Y*[M\



YRB6


S_L'?8//NS%


7



DODKT

Y:T`Z&5H'
!C=]BHW

=E'MW/0=S'9PTX2'Y=X
MR9I2U!K7%D!$]G
2#%TMI$O(_2EM
II.UXOIF/+TM2'$\.3AY

Y(K7V)YI];D!R?1M3-?-94J2VZM$/
W







;)K@C;D?U6NXC_`ZP)3FP]I<%0
U\^^2.LOGR?#X:CG)5`WUJA`D#

MF\_6GW]3

M/Z@
8R++GFIK

Q#.T7*FF!#D3;-/5Z/!57WEY0Q`9H$QL/&L8IQAOL*C

I

D!KMHD%=4B(
`H^F




55%-]$C*6*AY9AD\G*F5GZ@[0P%*S-90@
M*1`1X+Q8?-+.:QR\DGN;DO%IA
(*696
J$4]`BJDT3.BZ*0%C;%
)VY\G'LH






`X[;
M=2][/U_/WA$FW2[E7$QP-`9*.N08X9\)K7N'B*+Z`!/JG'/'OQ:GW[OS5!
M7146D;[RE





_ZG!7H'I#6?K`E@[6%,G#1?ZLJC--\1
MY+7)NN`^+J8X'I;[4;^,G:XEW+%<PO5CT]V-:ZUK=WI;'@[*&[FV7L=.4$/


N%K*JN



M-*DYEEU:KI7N%1AADL#ON


SJ.!-


/$
M;#B%32;3A2L;N?UJ208?BQFQIO1T#$


J/!YXQH.'

!
M]][*@4J3VO/2Q=
^KBBIX7/[Y0=`'./2X`20E89WO




R

M)53);B&\=7?WX!H):ES#$[JV7)@FL%)`J%G(V!WA*AO0,K13R/%3AWH\7:



M$A$6DQ*!NHC4#:S)U``;2@;BDU*_KM/#:ZT@HJWS1[4+W'KKC93`N?.PSEY
M++IBQ_R_::T44LSXN?&DB?B]0DDE#HT2D6QF8ME'4V`]Y&:@.!WI%2P(:+O


M^N%KF]BN[_MV?I

%T?=



DEN5W/WEH!'2X*?@.;C




BX?D:_V9E;T.T7QI1



MO55?K'6D23V`3WFT
:1JUUR;]Q



*MH##=#$00Z[RE(4'
MB0I@3+)J)I]@;?LYJA$1(CYAK3$J.02XF9SQ%I1'C'%HX.I%UD$ANMR86
M'F^44J&HT/U@`$*



O76F#5D5\V[

(\D09]E32X4*[C:



MIK[WD!'V`#2W#(!D9AZ&N`:QFQKH5;


MHH6)44FB





=$@:Y:YMR-2HHA!:(
M5.;QM#G-().OU?Q@!QX)BZ,'N9,(%R4V'1#O`XX?^M:@AHMNHZ+WS(BRM7C
MIG4J7%?(+9.+PIYM)32HD-[RXD'%*6KELDPD44F2W:[L-@Q=VUBZ\8A^8@1/


M7RWF

M]^SQ3\


MX-6:)(J4\[I-.KH.K2+


FE
M\H30Q7ES)*06;0POV(36XP1#



M


QK=O6W^M



M//6-
VN2C+/]2/&67^U`_%I=G1%O*[KU*R9+=JEEG2M086AYC/8#1*TE.&+1
MQNZ1#S.9$2HKW%*)




M9A![H%&]39?_+\\%[*$$TL-N@2TXRH`+H!BIIR`*3E$K2XK57);#F]J5DU


M]\S;4:.)ZH#!#`(2:FXN-^\

M=,9%Z8'+IWPORF)
EOZ&XC)11Y?\TM2P=TY?Q!4



MFD:!

M4HON@4:-XYNB5L6KY1E2


M0(81@U0^7XR<FI++]HE3#LN[\PWQJB@!X`ZM!T-/F%A/V$XJV2C%727PV
M.*'GC(]*\^?J.?P0%^=T#U3^!_;WF&T7])EI\)/G^RCY]'\)CVKB&)+1T4



1[S
MA8(*CAAP[WK$KWZJ4_5HD'J1_:RR#9D54=\T2Q*[7DQ34WB5EX*IN;IIR:U=


5%SE
MZH15.R]F9E_Q2C'C]T)FU\FU&[8U]E$L5)0[+2MM[-,`#O;@0W;%*L#?M7
MP(;2#VBPUD@=^4Q%K+Z7M,WW'#?1OD6C!DR<#8/'\:<MQ%F(<3O#^*2^E)F


M2$

_2
-((.91(P
3X?AMOGB4S\4G2/



M/%6NI(#BZN&D^Y<;SU17TE@]]F87_O!+!+Q#*+R-4\I9`<S0J379))N*NW/
M;S58-CMGWI11A+9L=%9



M3KLNGM8TM@D_T1.G*D$5/!'`]N^H&#Q(NG\PP]_G


GO1AT



$]6
M$


M^9+FP6'_].3


1-[3HB:/#VBAI



Q%M14HPIGVJ#6HF_PGWS3'M6RYH2:-EBPM[=%=<V+E6
BPJ

18U'*YVEZ1CKLZM=YR#PVL=]/C
M+&O9A


M^E-C$%')O`/3P;KB*)WJ20?404%4$$EQRRMUUE=]U$YGMK^7\$YB9P6TO_WY



]GR4HP`YE
'
PO\4[V\C.'@H4P!P'11P\K#/]&J&UN
$!A



X=?=ZE?
M%%0W
IA\`'[SA06'6S;D=TMZ/;8X
NMIJI3\V9


9%^9/8C<W1QW<'BZ<_CV``DF

MS@Q-143

\'W/Y6W[+I

M\V
$QPDJ*Y2T0W






M]

U=
MF
(
Q/*=?-.^


MJ9$BCU2E_8I)I]
TD+OG@N`=2.



M`SFX*:31'G2Y$)`+\JF%@0E'\1I8G`76O*6Y^MRG]:7#[GX]RN%9H/'M3&0`



MG;(HQ;M2C$`[R(.+(MXPP1N!)JZB'=EY[5^=3;*'-895XHM(3&9VF)
=&XOL

MN*\F2RA.P4D-S-T:!
V+&_AW*$4ERS-$)^O)W)F\5;

M[UB
L@6E'A6)4SC_VM8JC@R)2;WG=-$9*3/)_(U/]_C9\I0&EN!E['HG3YXW

A;
M)V'A2&JN@'

AQ^<9OK[#M:K%E]#'H.%)52*H#ZHC,:M.&9/H[HVE(1(T2\J`H
M<UCGN&DX2'S^V-A%:]1Y@*C)=K7(0&]46B0@T&4R9G7ODB;0RM;&4)%/HD
M(VKYMM!#,=8*@#K@M]V4W\:`IXFPE4+5NT,LN;ZE^0M^-A'LH8+037Y$AC!
MYMXA_1`#



M556086D)C]G6%)HXE`



MYRRMYAVX*G^&JMP/]W:MR)T_#VF0IFLOKR=1:M-V['F95P@JFO[M$L:KYJ&4



MM;M+%%?CEPK-3XG\V






MH4JI#0D4^-TJ&SLDW:GO'Z3``F&R)V?24()*


7T1L01\N00/7G-;*.R6C1@4O@

MB;_+\KH

MB6*]/4`WW
BE



@OH`C
D+4PM?D6%5G*6E!%7'@0T#BR'?44)7





C654*GLR2`3NZ+!R-W&^9VTF=5
J#^9O-^YQ2'R4!



M\KXD`E+49*HE'`89CE8-G9



M:]HQXTB.T]O)?W84#


MUZ/((=;`Y5/RKIVF7@]BK

MWUW8@@IF

MP**6:-:8HZ\'8;`/0\TLO$$3Q_9&AORB(+E5+5_H]:6E^W0.#+'L3.3K
MN_A@CK+A=1L1T

MYU\GWYU3D7
.]U
7H*%?#FG6?'(;+X@A:G4O_./=B(#YUY
E






XH




5'.G(1HDJ`J5K;U0YE'3[)(I
MHCN+5==G&%?S5TF@)%GY
1@EQ/0PI


MHYRHN
!)T+D\-5T0_E*J+;

B$J#]2:'1DLTHR
/3-D4@)E4$G=

AO=
M4AP[#W
)@PV5KQVM0AP18P?
1KNPE'\1'!UHS_[V-^Z9)8PB]JH;C13$`2
Q
M'C/$T+Y#U8(.;19\7;XLJ73\IVEAFWI,IV5P^WM9OWCM&5!X2KDH=J$TNA

ML-AR]=EVT\4X`%'$U'B%UB(_2J^

_3V&8TY626+$F31;3TI/=4K@

**%&7-F;32;D^B;]


?DXRPL6%9K.#M?%32W\YWUY.=71I+O-7FHJ&AI?(
M2.^G%\+)='GMQQ_*EP(U<;&:C5X9!R.$7#IU/=)TYGY+<ZP^ZA+5[=='K!A



M:KO2)*!A*V_1GT8NG6C3X%E7S09M*8Z\0[T.C'Q_UN
;68-Z)&.WV?&HFC





MG

M9'0E`+*R6W[%F@N=P+EE\Y;PE6H3MFB



N((_C0JBMM=6`![PW#





MUO&0F8`@T:S3@L.Z)IG\[7`(XRG(*\;*NQ&?+R*+/3RFC&IC?3/N@A.$O\&+





MX#9W:_X1CF))^T8_EA)L:@:XAR/!%Y('-L4WW_



M2[K!W4Z.YK2Q4ELS/=

X);XL]!%%6R<O]F^2!5/UL144B#!GIY2;DL]
MBK50W_4\H3I%$#

MJH_3`A71$)#L=+NYK`YFTBC4X;!D9?:_Q(I_G3&_#YLN*(XCXL3)JO7RX/Z[

[2VP</`@)USO7M+B


DDR/('
5(@3\\&%'IN&9!425%Z0[=?4


#]@;76'*H1SB55ZXS_7F$5?%&



2==_:U:A/C8@:Z7EBPX8E[N
UZQZ$J]M'__3U/]_\35&;



2[
M!W+[-3'?__ZO[X:C$O9;PHLFTA_*GUD^+=O1X,:\X8TCZ;X@M#`Z+H(+?V



`ES))E$@4XZAU53DN




#VOLH*



M581TUZ:QBX-XN5J0-


^7W/E$.0M;*UKL([1<ER1D_+


MN]4&K0'(R'D4
1C)WX^J=?V=;4MO1))V]H!T?'`9N./K;5?8Q6-\1Y6MOL\
M,'QNH7=H?/WI/UX[[T/3



M).


MA/3C'*#Y#08
M59

KX$4E:#@;II);



MPMS4H4IR@(2H^@
F

`

M&8@B_EG,#&+,[=.7GZE(:B3XUK/9ZJERBMQ3_&W:BM9HW\?]$XZ;.XEL)A

R





M2H/11[.;WBH6)S*:@6X]V4`?
DYE&MA(6*U'!54MA^__D0I*:L?Q@4R2W2
M!5N53
]&0=P(V)6I(WLU?^Z:\]U%U8

MJGVQ-
W@FTUP-/IX




W?H9VG[/$
MMOO8J6-;+$O#4F$

^](%S)P#B['\4[5%Y1G\Y%5Z@?9



M68X*69N96S&Z9


M

M88.?-MA!@BKX0KGNNW8+5C#VPR47E5Y8AZ]4(ZQMT][!3DM8RM_JQ]]?K7V^

*B7V!GNI%V*QJB3[3


U6_

M0X5`!T;

=J-E:8.L(#/`4H6H22*JMU#B!$HS

M*`XX'R+88=!&MQ6



M];(96_4M1J8_:Q^DI0-DE]@V!)B(\%1#/5



M
/*^VUMI5A$I=U;*
FF.=V_GX

C+%6BBGLF2*1






B0
MJN

7U9U&AL/EL





M%LO3F\A#M-BDR557%E)L&&U1SU-FM4WHV63X8=)LP')V_4YN_Y5S@IFZ!:)

/^;8UG-7R!3-1FLQ03-LC
_

)


V_Z<W[&#T]G$L$P[
M<47HQ^+B\'$^3):\JN\GM,C^&)8+<:C^LWY9<$/1[1W0?R<:3[J/9,OB=(Y9
M]]L1.7UXKVQ\/&/(&UD

W/[)8C.V'[ODRIS*X6^KZQ%



MRY&$#4U!]U&XNQM-SC0'T_!)II!8TS5X-W^0(P




M`\










M9KF-)#F_2A_L&$X$98M_(?LV`@0:(@]P(P&N,[/!$B$-U_P+@-!:^P0^
M^^;;/


I
%


M







5KSJO@FAZ[@9-JA900\]
'F+U+%/+2'\QYA.&*TEV
3MT;#'2*$4DW

0;0E]D_56

P

M[[9]




*F7TAAQT!`)(@@


MEV(U-O+V-^`
3#ZL*1\?Y:T4=TFGS]&B7BT$/$.(S*25R2_!][B@;YL9:WK!
M'0N5`(1

MT:+`XA'K_KPP]#
(^_VG29I*0V+








M;9MG_3



X=:H=A?RCN&5U3IN%-.)J'Q9_^





)*/$33=?


MPV9VLF[B:2QA7`:R@Y.M^N#^GI5JN90`#;Q2X@3/:1YO62?M\\7IV981Y92`
MSCM%)XST!-_8


EI,QX$
ME_,X&H6QK5\=3]]U1]&_VH8W!S.J$UHQY1GWKL+^?!@&^+H?SKK1,*;_G%V%
M`=VRHG[4G5+Y*Q7$=@<#.,/03\;@@K727?T'M<O4X6T1=?&\^OK[O0]P8ZC




=H[CQ[?QA


S&^)J.!'U_M2YZ0[G=C24
M]_S:GF6*G7(4^-A\U&0!#C`G%\?T3(\#'#(S!14VWM/3


M7[UY/
/;C=!#^!



$+9T$$./88N&
M(32ABAYU9.&-].JIPKG-(J2
O[E$M48B+D)ZIH`D;OD_W2AWC^.CAQG`5
M(KE1,:E[K.5@,N.8SK9$)])A1'IR&EYA+MC[Z0_5D`Q2:\;7P6#X?@7#=+Z
MN]:(XO[D0OD1[QQ0DN
#OWCU%ZN/R_L7$V09?PHNT]JT+JZ2MAK$9MX&[&$O






M&[:^S9O8]HN=M%-E^-L

MA32(5Z$(.+'4%@D2*]Z6!OU4I*XTZ(CE=HBC5#0_4A&=O[TDSJ@B^Y&*[D+Y
MCT#X(Q7ECU2D/U+1GN?52)0X5M'^6$7[8Q7''ZMHSY_D%+%7
?VQBO;'*MH?
MJVA_HN+[$Q7M3U2T/U'1_D1%^Q
5WY^H:'^BHOV)BO;\X5N))W@6HSA*1?M3


\?EI9XHJ.B?4=%^XZ*]AT5[3LJVG=4M.^H:
_3O$5ZJ6C?


@,JC5:ATJ'ZWA$M1*53];@G7HU*H^MT2+DJE4/5Z



MRUAJXULF\QN_

MT]FXN.7P8)A&/RB
<6VSN^1W%0.$1E$J&MMF;T
MCMD0AB



I:?^9D\[7E^QDI[GI]I@CW/ST1@
MS_

';R/0%C/=\3
M
#;U/0%C:=\3
/;W/0$3%9?K=[#QF-'$3R$VA)]F;(@&N/7G:`PIMP)N.\


MO+7.6CL'V\X6YF`ZN(4YV
:V
`?3QRW
P;2RRZ[]26K9%VITLGE'SPO]OS1
MUILDEAZ$DAY-6@6#Y?.CB8C^R[ZS.(I
7ICS'1M9=S;SC2
@=N9AO%P.]
P

M0FF);GM2!4+!5SMTVY

MJN=L8YY(=G\51/;!.!
'6K_B14V\5XVV\+4YH0I@[?VO`EA[UZL`UM[K*H!\

MQ.@:M-7T;O,



M*YVN

M6L]`M4'KN:HV:#VKU0;-^

TWJYN[S_J_20\B5VRBT5G4-
/XS9KE=W7\TE27]


M.9X$O@ZG


M@O9[0(GMUK='B9W[WQXEILV^/4K
WOCV*+'KP+='B=DYWQXE=A'Y]B@Q^^K;


)@X)P+Z

MF1*XTDX[1IS=1AV8XVAOOUQ&M=^':Q?(0AX8.;I_G']+OJB:RG2=I6D^1H



/-%
__D`S



M&

MBW%J`UCLQ&@`BW%B`UCL1&@`BW%:`UA


%$$G\*0




M%CBT?&E70G1SU^5Y11K
'=:1%MZ4K&^P@



M!!I8I(-=MPOD(`



XZR#28%!M@R
B9DKRY.]]\K4&E


]!\0E8^+P(.\GQWOCZA\```#_
M_P


)KV2*U45;T\
X0D


R

MU67UV)6O3=6.





S%)
MDC**D(98[+A;&E/D=H=RL-VA$7+820@4^J53](N%M/DMA$6-S:'&P;9PD2X5
MF5




MC.+;&$L_

K0J;%


#*X3=/`
M.,8I',:=@LU5(DD@V8!AAIC

\9'(B:E[!/QO1E$S!9;/U9-UP
MEIF@LOH[\^\DN65BQD6S2,YQ&:3I_Q%I/N25PJ3-+Q@OC+75[+8[8R?21=



&J`(^S#?ASQ3N\0-9I,P\@,<&?-
MI7K-=4K72?=2B?(_!)$V%2:A;1+X;I.0V61*PVC^0!8/&9D&7YABJV4C#@ZL

=R


M+9(A7Z2=[[4:G!MCY(?SL%LME\8PRAK)D#=2VQM;U
U!T%'&:*)L8Z*V
;8H
M'

I!B^4J

5,4Y1$6!0%DHZ3M^]0M7;JE$W/LA:_OGG


&WRT_



9)


Z5

$%``&``@````A`
UN!?L6`P``=0D``!D`
U-$N`][WG.L?')ZOJY*M$3
MDXJ+.L$DB#!B=2HR7F\3_.OG_=4<(Z5IG=%2US!+TSAZ_7'#ZN]D(^J8$PC




M)
L3?$.6MR3&X7K5-N@W9WMU]!NI0NP_2YY]Y36#;L




B)
7\/^[T`0-

(
M?R[UVD#
^?3FE6BC3B!&4732B$[E(-SC/L')P7?9ZPB#;[`4H\@7V;6A.Q;=

]D('&7NKINZ-^W0#=T#&'H-W;)O5&YY



M:&5E='

MJ]5^7%/B)*B`(Z!-^^]W['$@&


:13-PRHK:A\S
MK)K/Y.#[?9&S!YZ_5*SN




M$32Q'R:

KN[\0\




:&;2*]

MXE]LXA_1^:=4=G\G_L4F_A&=?TIE]W?B7VSB']'YIU3X&*3T]NX@=H*@C-(A
M0'0(*A4.@0;S89&





M




;
]F'L5Q/,;*K;@QX\

M&'(-+?@3U86H#:IX#J%A
(;MUWY

M6+A!W)V/\S\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!*^M^!M`(``&0'```9````


MXSB(

P@06IWC
8H\P5Y=@R++D

MR*H!W\_QB-`=MKL8P`M.E=2R-`'`A5[HT/
LG(6`M%P4'!S8LB/%RAS?Q//;

M!2O)NC$_Y.8+XU5MH-MC

J`@Y-G]


M\[2


)
('Q;ZLC9I(&'OT4OP0:F3\`IY]AYRFS0@3T_\

M+P/!5
4^L:;1B








&
MHSF

MQ^3
]TUK=A4;EF32G-1KPOAT])FV-!#5JI&&).S;9DABTJ@DUV9E=#DK6Q22






\56TN)YALEKV



1IG




M'&':M/]^QXS!.+@Y-+U(0I@9/S




`@\
M.E4A6P

MRB#W

MQ3!2#6]AD$X3!ITD
J!1A)N1T)`F1&
:#-XW+/JX-TFC`$%W5`(V2XHW09
M$6UA(
2W($BG4)X@8!&/8+O!ZDNE($`S?OU*DBG4)T@8!&B$#)
O33*!E
M#`;Y_^+B




PB*:
M


M@%8]`H%*C/XTL`ETDVS*6GR;)'JLBL@M.J!]&V3X;)A

M?43`X1)GKXHU!_8+*TOAY/Q5#HX$CM;P[3#4WM-N+!UNP$QYR@[LCZPY%+5P


I0MTJK-$W[

O<%

MC-X1'!K


!1]G[3_8/F]&`AI/A2HVD79*JW2-.WCV3$7






WA



MW80@?#X&C1$


%O%8(#`(0?]@$&8]

9OY]

MML5%7*9QSDKJVQ^4VU_W/_^TN[+ZE9\I%18HE-RWST)46\?AR9D6
9^QBI;P

\



M`+(1_F_7S+

M1)0GT`W0ULQ;2M6$Y2`!KU:1R?$$98S?E;LL%6??GJ]FR[4[)X!;!\K%2R8E


1Q5DJ;:





4


M=[:&D52KXZ2Z$*QJ3D0')N`8V'P\P_\**)Q&W!G`1\9$=R$/K_U_'_;_`0``

M='


?OAT/BZ]UUS?M:1V)


M/;_;M


MOV_??NF:[6_-J=:SK=?)K

MWWZMFY?]H)=;Z8I
80_;[Q_K?J-G5`^S3)09:=


\6NB#[?4R
M?'TJDNQQ]55/W0:9#\#HOZ^


M4UT+0BHP&:2J._66G&0#T^3T6A$D`P
S?2]8:!?.K]G2-%J2:(1@KE
MQ.O[
MWA(+W8*

!-*.M!4M&EJ8U._E@

[Z79L(EL@L32J7




ML]26!M264;4A-&.M)4MMEJ9EN\T#92.$N^O.6DN6VRQ-LZG;$


!FR64YLA

!?A3
41@
TJGHJ



M9B/=^&6S1)8%1%92D2&$C::R+'6;S\]FF2P+F*RD)D
(.TT6HT_Z?C1+9%E`

XIF::PP-
VF&D
(LO5M







M%_TFU;`TCJ=


G%/D'LQGZ8O]H!PPTS[^/,NRR?1]
MX?%'A#WXK?!+H`<
$%X-IG/9_




MN.T

(2\U


M


MQ

MS-87\_5RMKPQK^'(KY?6_L7+3]=S=5K/&]M3?KH-OUC
EZMUG[8COW)E.\I/
MVW%^?5I/.63[C96?$S=V8WO*SVD;.Y/I.
P.

MR9VY:6'^C]OBV6F_UDV&63`;CO_:R^&(Z`^PY/;Y]OW;Q_W/
SEMR2MX^G%K
M3H*S-V8X=V@-K_IPL/W5L28'F1GE@QGFW;GL;SF
GN0
6?<E#?
MV9B/C)GIB*V+

C%^1
M7S.




1DD!2




M.DI)&2DG%:225)%J4D-J29TBG6VSTI\P6VUA$

M5)!*4D6J20VI)76*=/[
4C[

Y@=HMS43$@I*2/E

E)
*4DFJ


M?70GKW!1?OB25)%J4D-J29TEF9GRLG5*S:IK0DKM(BU
Z4`JI:!D;DEE9A$5

M*UJZU2[*=VQ(K2,UUC):7'0NBOOB.EZ(FKK)OU'KE;/7^_O?O^X-S#ZEI9K
&U)(Z
M13K+<N&8<V^-N'1P3%0='!$LW5K.ZJ#8^@H$]CO'KSFE!TS4F[I^%@%.Y:D
MZJ2Q:G9L2.U)8W6JH]X]IF@\?:ET;6M
?Z+_:DZ*)%T-9&J8-@&.OXE$S9
M
2/EEHZ/5;!C2:I.&JMFQX;4GC16ISKJW2.G%K5[^M73\F(U;?5D1HD.JH&B

MDN4)
[(\D#XV;J(5X]9V5
?&T'$Y7'MGH]?U(23HE?F!_`EOY+H^=)1C9;AD

#5S9*'80CUW5L=^.'=[^Q]6.9C9R/7-?#8?1N
Q7RA%/:

M3X6+@?2Q=A-=+K8V:A6L]!P-#PSG\Y&KF0T)CM#
]0H?&W
-XJ(6_1ID?A&O

M3']SQ_



]7;ADY%'LJ
M?P.IOWU;7D5/,+:+0Y2?DJ441DI)Q6DDE21:E)#:DF=(I72Y;22L`_74]*1




66U.


VPF9F=A6\


M

MZ_Z8_897=$=RT`4GQNCNVM9'':[HI)24D7)202I)%:DF-:26UG2Z9YV1;_A
M%=U1.%UQD4\8E9(R4DXJ26I(M6DAM22.D4Z?_$5_=^8KKS:WUC2TS5^EN6C
M_'0]='24



:4DOJ%.G\

V]]E)N:2DE9:2<5)!*4D6J20VI)76*=+:G%5
K%E..PMEJHSPEC$I)&2DG

%G2)]!9_%C31_DI.8P5G%-31F6DG%20
M2E)%JDD-J25UBG1*IQ5
*Q9
COS\VY(24DK*2#FI()6DBE23&E)+ZA3I_/VZ
,<D'^FZ6O)S<^NB




MBE23&E)+ZA3I_
6EU/%[I_+.(.1OH.AR'S^]MQTERLV_A)22
E).*D@EJ2+5


MDJ-PMMHH3PFC4E)&RDD%J215I)K4D%I2ITCG[Y?52QO62X[T;(V?E/HH/UM9
M+S$J(^6D@E22*E)-:D@MJ5.DLRV9F%`O;4QXM#BUY*?FUD5Y2D@I*2/EI()4
MDBI236I(+:E3I/

I(.:D@E:2*5)
:

M81(F7S$)D^^8A
F73




M/AQIK$5FE7S&STC+3'Z/?+?H6(O\'OG6S+$6^3WR!8]C+?)[Y*L+1UKF\DKE
MT]O&6F2&#%^[%!]S


MA]/8;S8GKC&7G3BZ#V47]GOP\I#`I_=O?]Q^V;6WCU_NOS^=?=M]ENNV?.D
MW(-[O/]BUE##/Y[MQU_^MG]^WC_TGX3Y=7?[:?=H`B3X\W[_[/XA*;W\N7_\
MO5\;O/]_`0```/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`(:).A3`P``WSH``!D```!X

MH*

[EZ['24Q.HXV]WI?OLMBD6)Q5_M0WKF8MSY5RS6$7RIR3?



M)[OZ976@_N^?-V][YVV[/L?==K7[\O7MMW6S?2



2['




M
4X^&2^W8PJ#:F-/5?_M+HMG-Y-O5*EKMKE'FTA:Y
[E*5Q6X2@#$$5`A4


M-62
95A

9'Q.1MF0:I*TS
MZM(&I`12`5%`M$]$R`L9\O&T&6
9%A

M#21TXN1SJ'$2['(6T=+ELI-'%J7V!H@]:5JT$$(_R62F2VY(5LY7A4@ATHQL
M)V389NO_Y;!9/_BIM4B$;9$(FZUF[9D]GD;!0E1&;)!X$3/JYZYR5IV;8%_2
MSJ!-@H@_#@3.0'I)I+K\MM8ROXQHZW4YR1$5B$I$%2*%2`LD@[E(LL0H61C%
MM(U[DJP_2MHY.F05+0*K@JVRN


`-2
M*LHN7-5CE%&
_.6-449;;Y=#*-S65T?FQ7V^SSGE6MVU+ER5M;Y3V:%[UR.
ME1%%7N+#'?#/YNUG.Z_1+*T\@LU%9N#OY2@!6(2D05(H5(R2#-
K(_)$
M=;..\H-A1!MVE^8L6_)Q9V5FZH%HA)1A4@AT@+)^(Q8.C\^EE9^?*V\AA0
M@:A$5%2B+1`

D^5
.MDR!&J]Y2N0X%






M)18%E1#

LAWL






XLQ9F;O

_(/
MI

MGF5!T#DWI.ZYH`M&XB%!E@6JJF0KL7KB1HKNU;#[8

MCQ(0%8A*1!4BA4@+)(
Q0NV7Z\&J/5]8&45%)2(2EF6!OLS9ZL33!;::^PM]
MF@8+7=E_HZNMZBSWZBSW6KB70VCDVY$A/%
R6!$HQI!1O]SG*:`48FH0J00
M:8%$D-F`IOS8JXZM)ZD='**:Z51!E@6GA;RW


MM_8F0-@F
[]`:U^6@2LQ76G%-UQ)Z$JK[L


$%``&``@````A``AL
HIF```84``!D`
M``!X;]W;W)K











M@M0`R$M8/+_`2Z$&P&4MY%?%V=OI8S,(IABDZ`SZ7QG)&(D9B1A)#4)@!L



/[EK!WLGB*P$1GA]DBX.R.=I91B)&8
MD821U3(8RAJT^/+522,L5N*&%EC)&0D8B1F)&$D-0GR`8)ZO0_&/L@B=VV


?NK?240XXBCF*.$HY2
MA+!_XMPV&I


0;GK.PY*=E067ESF6K'

^!J2=8W9XZ$V=JD]XH[:5`'4=*G/U&I&Y:`2)
9`DH

LG&F%Y%J\/Y'$(1?M`





ME\#NK/H82*0.#=MV9A.+S#OBPV*.$H4ZI8EK6^R

ME?E912%?M

/.`HYBCB*.4HX2A'3HIFRW#R\LGG
MR-8,.2.1&-7@-Z
;$J!&F@D+.0HXBCF*.$H10C[)QH;P[_;ZEMV1\CMKF$R


2#8*`']I^^0XXBCF*.$HY2



M_YE53\6Q'NSS+23&:K]4JN0;
O*/1GVY]%@V\&9+^SW3#MYDRN%5!$LT']NR
M;/0?X@'=NU'+_P$``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`$VM8+TH!@``.AD``!D`

M'1M4G1S?=6=.E95GFVM8-(_HJ/?[


MXF4^-OXL[0\!MSPUOF


$%H@L@$L0D2$Z0*T-R&
MW?@3W$8M6$6T#)CICFZ$D)HF3[K(MA?I@T%(2$A$2$Q(0DBJ$BTD4%O4D`Q7
M59GZ*
P\EQ9O.

2$

2$)



EV7@#

MAR



)E!JEQAA-:^!QJ2=U
WASH_4)I93(

7TJ1+AN/9A&LV/NG\_UY7O[1TTB





-VU[6(Q&S6I3[HKF


M

KEEN7`B


`D7?5I42J1WYR[EP*

F.&;K
RFV:-P-5^$X
M8
=C8LWT9WK:ZUC+68_TC`9F6%O*K9G.&YH2W2*\E)P('09M%[MI*/Z2(R*Q


M5`4Q1(E$J4291+E!-&0=2^]/F3LO1D@_PE%4@%`L42)1*E$F42Y031^'1S
MOCX^;.4D/D1D!R
@$3D\
74$


MWLK'!KEJ=@&2*1.*E$FS+VE1



MM'-VFBV-U`R*V5OX_DZ
^L3&IO



M%]^$]NTW_DTP6^B?
4Y8V[AFZY\A,X=?-,%P;^)X#HPCYZP%H$U/`$#EB#



$T?!:+.8^@=-2/PW^/@L7Q:

_!?BM2@Q19

MW


Q!DMEJHC72\
T:%TDZ
O\DZ.['D=
MG39?Z!=]M^G(7?B./Q




)`&2`LF`Y$`*DS`E::5F2O:_H/3$%-:-
M8/I![R7Q:8EIY^K



R=6M5EM4;



U8B


M.XJOE1JXTW`D8GJWJ$NFF0?+A+1BI89$
_'6_7$[G_ATC


J*
MLJ)-&@=+

MH6\?;J99[UBF75E\EB%W-NO/ZL7M_;JY[MHQ6FR%SP,S]49/.*P=0@A$



M4.`A%%B&)$:(4488H1U0PQ)41-;*IC'BOS;SF3.?TT%7EMM
-878BC#M



M$*6(

M'%'!$-=1U+/FN^#\&N:I\M?8+6MD9A@4R0%:A8@B1#&B!%&**$.4(RH8XLKT









9-\WN.F/


?##_RD*Y;((4@@2'((,@A*`H


M)$8D021%)$



B%7Y=PR(6[L#DL2DZQJ1#2(Q(@DB*2(9(CDB!2(E
M(A4B-2(-(BTB'2*]39QI9MGD3#._7/GS*V;_S@L6%W(C(`G;)YDE
9^!):&-


M8=1+Y
U$V](^H7O\7&+'B(@%Z_OI8
ACC!T

L


L(EA.L4


M\ZXL+X9VY1.(=U^MF(*&32P=[91
E)@I

MIJ6RLL0J+%8K

'`





WGF(F*V+-3$8E!$LU
[Z9
K


NHCB^PQMD0.1$;XD5#]4S6$LKC_6O%-MH
M9AV6-3-V<%2S8QOIIGQS0E6:&9\2\V




MM]3

2;U,@<5=^<DD761
M72MD.A0;A<QF,,8HP2A5R.[S10MX2#56*M]SC`J,2HPJC&J,&H7,&VHE\M@]
M736*CF]<L6=OP`VC<;W3X

L(EA.L4
PN







_7P5$DXF]CHK%;2`0J`)@/[F65F\]1Z'-9!KY


MB5&%48U1@U$KD7/'1S+U%


:^?*





W4GW_-GX0QHQ


/Z^23]0EG)P;-=O`=NC958


M.

M[A;N1F7

?C?L^/3

M_O1T
T_3JRS)RV4


MN4R)]O#7WUY\R75@B?:W!W\ON+V%F]B^3IKU:7U[?=A_G\'B@YD[OJ[M4HY7
MX





;[6@XY:R52$FF)#$$T=+L[!Z&_
8^XEX?S&&[OO32L8X$:
MB5J)E$1:(D

ML]O^Y9.%(F&\S3M[OK2=-%QT`C72JI5(2:0E
@318.R&'@3CCC=7)=S/Z6F[

M[TM)I4RB-Q-T+M!OCIL%%(A&$[1

J@0(



M2

E=`1S8K5AC^=%2<P


MRKD4

MKQ&==V_&@:

*=?P:


M4W9P%7^.N(
GVOTQA4D/5LDUFN60W#

D;Y@6?=:V_EW/_@


MW^3PYZ/U:.4KJ9&HE4A)I4R!)'X,B9%STNNWIKJ3X_&F:DE:B1J)5(2:8D,
M03282D9Y^]\DY-)68D(3O=^=FI$
3Q_]ZSQK-]X_!N!/&5KOPW
_%`UP?0$
M


M%79H;.5()9%&Q`N/.3-D)
W#&_+MHJ\]V#
`5`+IH0ZQXNG`QP8PWN3,3]N
M9`SO&OK6GQ;I,DGYR0E'!GN&FGF!X:OPY9%5
&)@QY.#7%&T\.$W\?V4ZD'
M
X?L%]J&?A'S/:[V5J3(1-]L!C/\_D
KTA3_@Z1:M@U?#P+#A?]Z
'/^




()TN@
M1EJU$BF)M$2&(!H

05]?05N0#TOL)]-KPB

U#R;W35HY6OIP81OH

K%B

J/H$?B\
&.?5)`I_TRXV/B=.5_2W#Q)@X@T^R
MR4]R^*17-MQ;NES9Y^D3WM(*/JFF/LD@'GBL.S&F7




OER4V[

MGG]^?/S^^N+BX</GFZ_7#Z_NOM]\4\FGN_NOUX_ZY_UO%P_?[V^N/PZ5OGZY
M6X6VXNOU[??SL<67M\_IXV[3Y]N/]P<[C[\\?7FV^/8R/W-E^M'??Z'S[??














;

M-FGF3%$A30YSQ8!*HHJH)FJ(6J*.2(LXXVQQ-:S&Q#=N;K7EE
SQ'C'.G-@V
M^LP!.@S'T4P^3TXE4454$S5$+5%'U!MD

&T&@.S=3BD4V0;9H@4U3(
MAD
!5!)51#510]02=42]05899P9/4

M^\8X06(KZ1


'+O;`J)*H(JJ)&J*6J/J#;(R./\6R^
XPNJ6^FI=!QRDY5!P\Y(`.1511503-40M44?4&V15<S8T5NW(E.Q=:ZP

G
M7=M=3E'SQ`-4
JHBJHD:HI:H(^H-LJ(Y.QJ+=B1WO'N-E8&AW2^!#D0E4454


MHMX@*YISJK%H1W+'&]M8&7C=_1+H0%02540U44/4$G5$O4%&AM5ICG@(MX[8

MAJ@EZHAZ@ZP




GW]:]*BZBQE.2V

4G_-)S:B
MK=S6K

?/MQ]^?W^G0^D:G\G*E7)DN-?^

V1@4:Q7Q0Y]-S8^=KKIJ'7JZUP&

M#:-*H^/Y'30TD9S?:-Q






M_9:U%



?G







J=Y6[?^
MFH#([L/47/.'(A*HHJH)FJ(6J*.J#?(R.#N24VN&\07F9=AJ9L\@1DDR=9
M?]G/4=/L0E02540U44/4$G5$O4%6M=-\KV[IT^0):

MVWM)VQM0G#NTO8PJB2JBFJ@A:HDZHMX@*T/.]KH5]!-_T'-)TQN0S9QD]7`_


TPP'%F4,[S*B2J*J
MB1JBEJ@CZ@VR



M]+R

J=YWAT];T!Q@M#S






;U\'TRG4PO7
=3]=CUFBTFD^MUC0Z$YL/BV]?]['S4R2@$D2,$D
M)DG`)`F8)`&3)&2)&:))*GG??GC-,6AGABFD:BI$I7@:.P**GHB3-Q4A!Q
M4A!


*H%))3I
M!:58I:H=)HQ+A9TQA
SB4-OG(F3)(B3)&2!$R2@$D2,$D)DEBEDCRTTQR


MF



MIAZ)
BI=2IZJSM]H:D\?W]S
M*D/F';U`=.V/F#:UP=

&WM$[-$

M5`*32F!24PJQ2Q1R3G.4U3R#M6H%+O6D#A@2APP)0Z8)`&3)&2!$R2@$D2
M



/UJ:DZ^P-Q[7/_^KKA
KI/:

'KY/[7IU7
MY@A/])*S
S\A(;TK


(R`R^$R3U
86N\O3FT

3-N9@FD_4S!M:`JF
M'4W!M*4IF/8TC5DR33E#$DMU9-X-6^`824938[_!6B?#4-T_A45C%TPJ@4DE
M
*D$)I7`I!*85`*32C%+5'*&Y!25O($Q*GDV)XDD`5/B@$D2
$D)DG`)`F8
M)`&3)&2)&:))

M%`23@F!2$$P*@DE!
D()@5CEBCHW%LX+&A-[HG:P4\
TD%)DG`)`F8)`&3
M)&2!$R2@$D2,$D2LT22$UU@V!C')(YWACI*E#B)%]70F\)DD@E
*D$)I7`


YH
&WB3*8SG/V^\!OI
M1



M?7.SG$I7S^8I4A)[9IM+W(LD1G.2&
U)XFQSR35-$ONPG
3.W
82'TO7T0S;

#CE,W,WMN*21
M])\^0V#2?V3FXV.*D_YQU41_=R
3Z_^RJ=OO$6:[9;Q'LEG/J3ML9Q9/W9X=


'

M;\_?ZSN%U\






ME2FY5!V]#3A7HCIZZ6VN1%KK0I

M=^CG2E1'OC-7(JUEW#



]KPZ
=N'ZL*A!R^F9'UX]^;[]6\W_WE]_]OM

$%``&``@````A`$T2(X@9

MJ:KN/CU^^/CM?)J\E$U;U9?UE







D*R&1[



8`[JS&[/AP;K\Q'(T'HA
M0B*$Q`A)$)(B)%
130-TQ/T::+N02P[R@Y71I-TP?)4D0(B1&2(1%2*8B
MFBSHX?MET6!=ED4TB`D0DB
D`0A*4(R%=$T0%)5#7QCGRV@E-VQ*IZV-3^U

MU9GB@:FO^P`-4T#DJ4'NVHM%8*9)

M=_RY+CH4`]6N$9!/B_.R61(']8V(4)HOP3RISN
Y[MRH2B8BQIJ'FH;_G13N
M/
`;R()N:39@(4%/22@4D`_'=-]FJ
:1C')Y`Q%_$7CFOH')$SGL)GDJHP2Y
MNR0D
(Z:3)*/-!`U&#=R];6^


M4O6I=HJ=S2%!4(2A&$
)AE(
91JDBZ%FYWXQW!II^[`]5G^).0]%%R?448
MBC&48C%4*9!NC[J:N[7QSV0ID]`PV(*8(B#
482C48BC3($V,;1BQ7[+;
MC$0W&`*@TE6)Q20ZB8$](;E'J(D5X*A%$.9@/@D=-GOX:ML;J+4T@I(D\VC



\


M%KQ?EHN`+(S=(
;DB1QVDSR548(\@!N(8Y2*O@H:9LYSQ5_M\#_:G\OF4(;E

M`LK$;7C7-L;C`
^H0
C6:+(@(Z/QD(_1=$`V6#*L?D;PCNV:'\H_\N907=K)
MJ=Q#



M_P$``/__`P!02P
<FWS0Z.NJ:)NN.?0SH+/H1'7-@158
MP+19[2M0@--NM.5A;3Z@,$.!:6U6)$%_5^5K)_QM=*?F-6VK_6_5I81L0YUP
M!1Z;Y@F'?MMC`9;VNB$5./UMB7A_SYW/_9O&9E=3SU4&X7%&%AX?X]*KL
M
@HT


M+=$
5JTIL0B4=[GFU7;
MO!JP[J!JW37'JQB%P,6]024.;ODOLX!+,,D#9EF;(`)\T('#7S;.8KZR7L5

M2A[!AT0J$*M`H@*IF0(*F$U?
)*C$+7O52?97J;5F0:(*E(GT(&;1K2*PA







A
^

]37I]QH@E;X




E0K$.)#J4ZA\B
M1WJJCUXLTENCNFR/Y:X\GSNC:)[QI2&T))O5`-,;S2T*^)6F\DWDA]#6PS:I
MX'`'^DV3P7?XKO1B?BM'<*=QP2/$SZ`!/V+K1/)<$$[H;P\W8]T+X?3B!


MEYF;D
1/E^VWJ\OU&OOACY^;C\F/9K=?M]O'J;CSII-FNVI?UMNWQ^E__EW.
MDNED?UAN7Y8?[;9YG/YJ]M


Q]STOFF^6Z^W41+C?C8G1


MG:=SB/3T\+*&











MY*

-]O^J1.



MB6


@A6_R8_*(3]*+GR9A9R*\WZ4CU+P

MTU/P


YVCJCFXO3YJLM7\DC
5$
ML-Z_Y3;E@-N4],Z*A9RZFSC&X`<7SPN=(G3/UUL+T[;'2E^W
-5I.*CU#RB
MG`B67'NQFPV^-`X.&7SZ9&QF(:?D)HY)]6#HN2$^2
$C)8]4/%+SB'(B6'CB
M.9G:




M_D[\-+O&[CZ
PI=%5E=-M6_7$&Z#1

MB]S-TV
GT+]%_M8

WH]F?

M4Q:R-$1]'OW[UNQ:X];EXDU#SQ&`.Z\Y$W[J9`A72=[;=JJ_`]!1(7(%0%

U#3GAXN=1-LBH6^#'M$V?'NOJS8&J@=]L+JFL0?(`D:\K0Q[]6F\M




1*L
C3XIOD[O('
M

MZZI22B+H!D









M6393ZW0?*Y#*JT=Y%)'0$CXQ0*/EF*):[C+_R

M.-

A*/=

E/
MI\;)JE=Y94+A&-I_VU_G/%/Y`M_Z/H9KGNY.9-

M/P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`.
4(/DGTWBS-F'3<\/``V!$$10M#_\XX_'AY/?




MF]_]F:]VMQ11&N9L/+



MP]A'F3K11B^&Z?DI_1EJ+(XJ!Q#*0`HH!H(60D@-I`'2`C%`.I\$T:9J



MTB$?@11`%!`-I`12`:F!-$!:(`9(YY
6(D0*D494(JH0

M5!2B#2B$E&%J$;4(&H1&41=@,+XI;J%R97=57.[*6_?2\`&PNY,V$&Z1IW
MO*+%N9DC*A`I1!I1B:A5-J$+6(#*(N0&&X[4K_B'1UC8&?KGZOX-(54&[W
M2L



MED0;4)$!4H@THA)1A:A&U!J$1E$78#:%
D@FB_\KRRZM&U2%Y.TR0#FB

/*U=2#EJ0D
MH(#I!!I16BE&-J$'4(C*(N@`%(1W'/=2[T`_4IBMCA#O7(;;=HN1.L0
M;40%(H5((RH158AJ1`VB%I%!U`4HC/9Q[=48VRM&7@%`E



'ZVV_'C



*G8BVT!K6$B=:1`91QR@19=OF^
\B^^C/



H1%8@4(LU(5G
EH@I1C:AA))6Q1600=0$*

:OE%A#X67
MBI$-:*&D?C5(C*(.D:)E+2]D5](7@FI:Z6\12T=#NB#);?.@M'4BY_3&KZC
M8L-0H)9I!G))Y:(*D0UHH:1^-4B


1J6BGLM(B/(]SAZN'2LU4]O.$NVI3IBEEP'



Y(;L6$D



8T-Q/6?#0XFYC:W0.%2#/RUR3.



M'KA7$WN$.\75V/HK:E0.%2#.2IU2)J$)4


4J$

I#(J1)J17XNQJ4.M&E'#2#ZQ1608B:N=0ZE:
MG&SJ)N_Y7M\


<#5\I'.X3Q5#A6)I14#CB]U.E:$GA<



MG=QN?MC?\[RVF73`PX^-WHROYO:`



)_5#MY^2






Q-'
I1V,H9E+21;DFSU&AK&FLY+D04I1R;)@Y2$CDF2!RD)'8\D


`


LD`!!D
NS1I;'PMB6

-FL:]W/__V]MKY=;W;;[;O]]WJIM_M


M;ZMSNGM;[KY]__AIM7W[0!=?-J^;P^]UI]W.V^KVEZ_OV]WRRRO&_5LU6JYB





M#\N'


0.'G-EQ/I+

M664GBGN;U'(WB








MZ89Z


Y`?Y!#3%(?(:$KQ)\.;*2;0A8X_D)[4

.+G*C.

M8O[*MDZ4WGK3





MK`RJGK;5Z)K3P[HK=J\(T4$U5@?5(F6U$EO($\1CN
BRY.Q'65:$



MN+0LY`GB#D5S.NZN]=CZV`1XD5`[?P7*2O)&OI*NQE/63R$BQQL;!TL0KFL
M(2M!SF9Y@IB3.$RVX,ML'5=7K:V-5^5F,`X0SU:UT5^DK1KVS!GK)X&(F


WR!#&GBRQI

+;Q)
I.UF@:(BC_1)PQ
I,JGCG.ILEBYX)%6



4TE1-=7WQK4M









M;JTP0J3I3#MVRDJS(O259/:4Q?R5.Y[0U-K@/$YI@9R-LL3Q)Q*1G?--:6Y
M-;X(L:K:^%)64C7TE:N:0SP\8GL6#NA:N


8A



;3'66.]KL[2H)T82NDNZ8R0YID:B#.V4
MQM:XJG[`DG:+`@9F)@_




#'`!JA0!`UP&*D6@.
Z)2Q$HCK/-4@2*XYRO


GG$H1M
%S1H7(!%KC\9U2






MD&84S#!3(C
@`'^=/

MJEKF_^D@WZ3220*3!#Y-DL4H6

MKPYT&WM+C'VKK^&Q(TBFH;5ZV)0!M

M




^!`F0WOV88/!G
^!FF7.^PA$478LV$%Z+-QERQ@YS?;


MYY:+8:RC.HS?

B
+&%&KW!M9PH@2JS

_0P!YJ'RP=ZALL#ZH;+`YJ&RP-*ALJ;`]KJY;6
MLY7!RX9+?!+?X_*4%I63B2






M0E^3NCC^5E0$L@UU8A5XI/2)A7X[
@0O.^CMN*O`'[5U)*?L^=K^25]34IPO
M+93;!T?

MG

M&9N/;@!35U:9UZ2O^\_*#O5F(@]






MFT/-;VWXAU;T_R-MX;:EFPH7N%TCL/E/)]#/)TI;^8%]07]?M_L7``#__P
`

!5


U5F
0



M+M*&82(T5F/&4J'!3EPLSYFN
4T




M7(:A=@#
)GPQ#I
ZJ:SKK@(\3NLNG0

&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S
M:&5E=#$R+GAM;*R8VXZC.!&[U?:=T#<3\`0<D!)1IUP&FE66JUV9J]IXB2H


(FWLTR.%0

MX*]5E;0T8$;R]_YY+??=:6W[LTDP=WT$YM8S;KNDI)*V5;RV':G^84:(2S$1

%TMIC?'\Z
B\3BT!@=T[%G(^%
MY\,..PW?:JCO





#`264T
DAHD8X1U&TJTRT^(EFJHT3(B1\N(



W9:O!=


M=[UGTL%-N__W!+^L8-CP7=H-'PCIQ`O]@N&WFLV_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`


=3!^7V(2(6V&K_-2S:'#(*;B9\&GE]A@G`
M7Z




ML!9@;D

M=9#H(%4`BA+NG%\0)?
=S`TMU+?&8YK)XS4)IACDV`P&6(G)(D)B0A)%4)

%
MA(2$1(3$A2$II!
4`?/!X#
\8Q`*KC9+3A=8J@Y$L14A(1$A,2$)(JA(4
M%G3NXV$Q8QR6($II`D)B0B)4D(2568HDJC'PY7S-KWN5.;/NQI2#BOB
MC=O`@V6;+^;

2$)(R@F_
M/(IV^0NB93YPM)RHT7*B1LN)[_1[G6L['F[?B/B(B8]$]Z%M%*GJ`X7-EB.U



M#R@**8HHBBE**$H1PL$P:?+3_2#TC=H/'$'!QA@YFD&NATJ3NSMDC\9P[\RF


M4$UJL@12!(]#4$A11%%
44)1BA`.D@DB+4AOP5Y-B(?]QY]DA;12`Q4(9
C0



MR34[%G]FS;&\M




M04)G]HXUR\8LZ(!Q6VD>^CP2Z6-X@Z7IF:V-\#+(4FU+(WC&5-
\=7RV-WA





R
.<3G(Q_E_-)!<4:HXD\S49^4!!B9D



M#SC@/:_AD9M:=I:T4&%J'
UQHDTX(F'A=#^

M\\(?PO'?N/H%``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`[]1W!?P
``
H+```9````

O/YT^I$V3W/
186
M





'0OQDYZ^8G+(!:1[!BN2XO2IQO,$W`4:;^3#(EM``!

7M/RK4%[+I5C\








/%D8GO0@
R&0Q:&LEPV08'WR

CJ1BKU6U+JJ:H*




2X*;B7T*+N0!5RD?;3O

ME--_@$ZJ1@?\';$#J;A5X`S6Z$Y2`)3O9AZ$;1NVI(]%=!-7]SZ)DQ7-FN
MK&`9I:)[`4%.WX5O_@$``/__`P!02P


M8DO.92')H&/=%Q:+/9[=CI(8'5N![;Z^_;*DHEFJ?W5O!
P\C#L_LDH4R6(5







F^.&

MB&V0VU06:#W`:%#4H;5#:H#3!P)F7^7^%
-8TJ;H-LO1RZ[U$K#5)ZJ+(Z
MJYQ=#0$@-)@*1`

J.^.Q)UZW

CQY/;R5
ME5:2M`XUH0]CV

5+DF


3WD@8(BU(H1)8Q
EVJ[Q'\9


4K)'5DI:9\J5




M'_(6ZI!GEZF4=22?

_P/*


U?E04*21

MQ%%B&)$2

M$N11HT%*]EJ^;-@A:TDV1(Q$*T:4



LISA%HQHH21Z5(]O:`
M7)&IDO!KI*UQ
L5HIJ1
MPZ6J01KATKZ?

X5(ZEY(2


MBBFB#%&.J&`D5RP158S$U%HC1U%13U5&^*]3'Q8.C:P
M7L.'BBA#WG@[PL'



M4[(BVU9.VR*21$X)G20#=73!Z]!,E`G&)30(3)0!QF4911YQF79$&2;EN%





$%``&``@`

MK%;9CJ
X%'UO:?X!\5ZL(0M*TLI&@M0CC4;3
\\$G&`58&0[E:J_[VL;*##5
M4FI4+W$X7!_NN9N]_/Y:%L8+H@R3:F6ZEF
:J$I)AJOKROSY3_0T-PW&DRI+


M*]-'Z





MM1`U)6CW.G#0@4@'CCIPTH&X!]@0AX2WI=$0K(2+0:MBWP'AI/D]U:M%OV

MT0@YCI#3(G[R`D


MZ'LU#03'




V^_U:[NIJL+
IGLS
4D?*DJN_ZN





$A3'O(.WK_=


M];7:=/N%.QP/[B;^


MKP[4-BC3GG.Q4X+9U'64_OA@O2*W%@160@1Y$%$6+N0`6K=015^6D_OIW/L
M*U](FQ6W:C%H[(0RRS1C98VRV06*#U`:9`3P002L1_A0E1!2AA

MFM!*6UDHE\@&:QO$-DALD-H@
P!)&XK^)Q2`B+VGED!4Y\FNI)&I$RHR:,V
MT6(PLF8D9B1A)&4D,PF19'1-DL$$-G*WKXKG58T=Y4J/&D+MXXX0,7I!5(K
M).%(E\8CDB#4)$(RPDXGML!:$K_?5*$?#*E@L8QQKV
DVD
].=5$;$R(815@
M)F/T[T&$@(S-VKB2
'0WE;$PIADC
3-&

M4:6
PC823]3HS
]`B0$V;(GRP0XHH;(-8#7`EC=[:(-I$K6[$R)J1F)&$
MD921S1$$GA!4Y*WZT(8T[I`8M8%$G
G
+)&

6HW
JA_;AV`D'8WZ64LT':DSP]XI




8\CZD$TZ'
M1=$1=$M*N$UNM%`5H91;662)]!MD_

65Z1SKD

-7O;CAZX^]U?13W4'E_3]MWOXHTP)
M-V!P&^XZV[KNU`=XL*?_S+/\#P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`QBN+['L%


BYX;6RLF%V3HC@4AN^W



*?A9[
3I<[4^T2%Z/\-P_[%Z2-MKU#TT^
MS]*EG17=4#.PD+U9PZLP`*ER6B;P1

MMC]4

:64'J$`^-?(






M+NXW+;1`X@7UD-UR6TL)-1))(G;74U^1*RUEK9&-).('@X%2?(P!-QH99N03



M]U)+6VMD@^3K:F(
N-&7


M!`TC._/_&A(_*V#?W[@SK87AL_6ZOYEQY
%.0K2#MM&;-U'PGKQ&:=NK)JI?
M]ZC=[3JNK34I5M4J(6S2[HI'312*]_I]=?.VXA$MZ763=%=ZPZ







M970T
RYX;6RLG-ER&LD2AN]/Q'D'@OLCT=W0@

MVY\LJK*6S%(;S4PXPD*?
G^J

MAX?]Z[?/V=FT_K]2-G
Z;UX?-L^'U]WG[%^[4_:/+__]SZ=?A^/WT]-N=\Z`
3P<7S9G^/7X[?;T=MQM'BY.+\^W

[3_]+1_.Z':R_8:

USWGT%^LT7MRR]

M72(TW^]^G:S7F=/3X5?CN'_H[E]W$&Y(E$C!U\/ANS!M/0@$SK?

(%RD[KJR-`%
C7J#[
MAW
C2EI&!%YHE0^728`Y%B]0!FK[VFN!85.V`EXH]PB4KG7'X@C^476$F%?Q
M`B_BXWD5E72Y&/'B'\A@2$
KI!^NU1`C*U[\@\9@A$
KPM?7:H3]3KS0K?CH



M!*Y%!2W$?1DJQ34**A3T*@24&+@C8%'0JZ%/0HZ%
PH&!(P8B,043J84




P8F3.R8&3)R(J1-2-)



-74QMA@UJ
MM!GI
-)EI
=(7Q%S&0-&AHR
)`EREUW_)8IC961B-E'$Q&S*A&:
S!E9*.+$
MK$C6:DMMA#%;
;)F)$DXPN2;2TLP^Q;BZ4]4_@/806(;$E4!#L
:N$3*J6:H






M
_=6)1%W%*V^4G*'X9HRLBZZKI3
`J'A52J[2DVNU&)*;9]2G'.5.ERIRY1Z
M7B6R1NASI0%3&GJ5R!9\A$I67U)*UOI'$9.#J4^[0'(P0VVK+RDEDX.%5XGD
M8





@!^L[

M\J5RB8B/T
B(CR5*S_H$_5*S/D4K%;PBI*:8)U/T#(U


M'ZSZH*\6X/S-HVFJX1)%M\K%X2`_
/[@CBJ01XQPN($W.^X5(F
HN6U545:_
MFSJUF1J


MBLKE4E@HD_7&2&N9@(T52R^+B?9
*0SJ_:R
BO%$NONK7VE/)!4((%BKMYAY%#=JT@9^1AY)`P
HI%2@4Y
M

MC(85H+'R2PWLA+=ARM&


M



GT:9*3
+/VQ0NGI
BCDZIF9_@59*/H[ATP&N]I)KK]`K57N-
UO6PGH?U/6S@84,/&WG86#$K?!./V=3#9AXV][%ART]



MW]P.$.9D%2.1
Q3%

Y1@Z
F1RV.V@K9;]GA9EV.

MJZNTU^CYKC;T?%/_6+/0]25
;SGL_DFGR.5#=L!512.K];#[O^H-L/
$&/HP
M$E\HX?8

W?E1(3*PDQY4458P/Z944E59B?G+F+&G
MH6I&##-2-\@XLD%*?$.)&

[7+^+GJEW
DU[#\+E@]1;JJ*@$!;(7'OYJA]S0T

;SL


8A^+;BGSO$


M?5]@_\'P^\36W0J2##JZE`;8!1:+V=UGMZ
D1L=68+LO\_?+$EE2D502I]/`



'[MC=GRZ`;H$7JF/.%_D

\7-U=]@OZ[;;\?O7_/CH_==W/8WOUCNV\A



M?7-UZ+[/8.K!P!V?UW8B!Y?`Z\H#!W




&&Q

M5X!B7`HT@K$=C8(\Y8-7HE$*Z\/`%

3
#-4@27

)V6IAPWKB6&JHT






O+QR$JB`(TF5I+GHD!59P6[25
[



M??K66?E952L;




M4WR\&



M&KYV-)XB)6BD$0M=0P93\;]+D$9:D!($#S7=F!0:*C54::C6D-%0PR!6P_&[

M:R+#B;(EO+TKI$U#)A

M]

W3[`8*-$3=:L`?A!P7XJOBN/3RT1?OT=)QMNJ_V8P&HBYNK
M`:8O&:+T\A




`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#84
YMF@(`

!A]G[3_



()5H4AU)$O3*5%
M]C@R+


&U&H!B(SOI
M'@

*U7E00'
M/G9D1%WB*[J\GF*R7H5\_DBQLT?/R+9Z]]G(ZIOL!80-T^0G8*/UG8=^K?PK


M3T*GR20K9O



E[

-DQ

MO`M8P6DX%IK=QCXDVG\PUC_`P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`Y!)T0I,








V-98)?_ZH.@(Y4'B(PB\
2+@ED%P1\S

&V:'^^4^




M8Z6N4YI$
250YW)NDCI]V_KAPDEUO$ZXY6N(:6O8.G3_/V[V4&;K2T!'$%
M;5-:.M=
&;.B!
5MI!NH\2371G&'2U

1!:-8C8R$JZUQ9*B1+3YZ+6





M8#-JM9/QVVE0#P

M````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`







.8U;.L[B-`[&@HT3O.U^9W]
MB#4KGEJ['J^\=IJTSTH\3^)L(H#.9'O67.=QQU
P53%-JQI-*)R9[M*!.AA

BN;P=;

$%``&``@````A









`-
M$LA9H
]^0A;4F61KM\FH*15*\HI(E7I-1`8(ACA/P$RM0*#52AO-*UC4&B

`X7:F-2-&]
TAOD
`1P0:C^/5L*%BR





@%R!I;`&5&CCW:W%J&C4A7&:BW4!0Y$1F

P7
M:HZE*`S9++.VYQ*31;90$)!

F)?(
-WM/SOHXN


%$259DELPEC04UIN+9ECT'9Y!A$`H


B/SF

M!0%)FF07C.;E)C:/QL-3B!`XYD6BUB.D2Q6'YS#C@P4+!0&)%!:33&R(EB:6

;8@HB1-Q\56\S?-]+N&A76Q!
DI
SXFB
MU6(Z0I@.291N8:`^0O2$,]9]4(]9@RBHJ3IV%:U'.;4\<O#_:_M'LUB\70D



M+5)*BG$MMC^043)%8YW=(Z78)X[UNGLU%!0)(3N=+K%X71P_B;\^4(82E+
MHG06ZA
9'$K:W$1DA:W5`2Z$E4H
MCVUA4S18G'S0'T0%R7B2O:VLO26(S2X+]18*`I*</`.[[`WO*IM84JI-D)A4
M2S6INA*5*O86@*2.2C/NM$5]G,RAQJ],U$FZ).F7)*0D96PPB2B8TR?!6
MUO`2Q`=*CI0;Z.@0GQ]VJ67W)[?'*VENA$
OU?K5E:BB:VR+.;2(DCDH
IVE7V/1<FUHBLQ):%<+4%!1


M3;;$






BZV$)G1$Y




MQQ0S


M/B;(1DQ(;#`P


MH6UQP48_-





M
V3
59.T(
LQ198
C)']#^R65@OUEKA*F!SF:M!@OL:J94@C$8
A$8ZI1
CO
M6+GQD.T1Z$ZM\RT$AH,S`P&9AR3S(;#21@SDOBB]]I5.N:$DTZ84'AM-C0E
M+`T+G&`5[S.+ZCCBF

1)H+L:'WL8(FN2G%E%H*9B0
SCBEF
MY#F

&0%L=46N1


AM./&'
!L'Q
MF\4+-$^'IW#60.!+']+O=9
9$25B2V&
Y&C
[H/)4=3CK1B5R21;0XS)[



M
6PY+D)S(Q&#+AF

8XH9F1%C1AI?



M[%Y936

+)0&?$WDE
MR!@?]7@EZ#-\1^.5H

MS^B\$DB'K].\$@CG
MBNH1L^T'3JH(0^)O9*H!L^Z?5*H!N^HO5*H!L^3O5*
MH)O+8-LTX.;JAA+Z.8336@-%\:



MT'/XD:!7@IYS&6R7&/'XZ;13!R5T$(A7`G5P'(=7`G5P`H97`G5PL(17`@UP

QXBI#8P[0(:


MT-IEL*VAF[M%QFG




ML:SFN[[=P2'

MV_K




=QFN0A6A^31T
.R3F6

VZOCCOBF-SKC;6EZJS

W^Z8]%3U\;)\7


M2+6'CW3)\4P$%:))??#UE'84

MEAL;2&(@J8%D!I)/$106]


YSH%7O/VD&!I(3H<M(.7FD^:1C.!UM9CTI*WZT
MP7ER?6Q)HVE%*;^;[)FR$NQ?F5S22!R=.'O`3K/'_'%V?6PN@PJ_?9;Q/)%^

0O\-DJ)*?$-%H

ME3#F0$#RP&#
3V;K#LQW5(3RB2DF3R7V?1T16XX`US`W9\!(?=0!K0G&:`




5'(:RS)258F;0`9-_

P*/E94*G'1]
M(K\/5N


^;(Y
M/F_VY;&X[_\HSOT_'O[]K[O/\O3U_%84EQXH'







M&DW'WNW7





:FP2U29UB1I:
A(RL&(D8B1E)&%DSDC*2

MDHC5T

D
MEP1&/8P$E$.Q2^N0Q

M8HX2C96[^)2K;65T4HYRC36A.LE6NK:MCA6HC-5'/Z:!_0EMQ[P7JNVWNN

M*]$(:Y&TKK65T4HU

M!@7BE`G+!`P

MR($5NC%*R3H7B.

M'IY/#(JNL*Q02WB1$V5H[#QCZ[VM3(ZT_

MN&/
47*3UIH[IAQE-VGER!&71YS0.C2!/-A)I(-`'9!`66M$)-(%'[D%QR


@26M4&](Y


\ST#=PPY6MVD%7''F*/D)JTU=TPYRF[2
MRI$C+@\]TK?/B]`@=$NG$&DPNF=05JC!I%;[6K#DCB%'*X7:M2+N&'.4W*2U



M\V_=PE?**AU]7=8IF=(C)=-0CF]23K25C-KQX8$@NBMA0:?:R5Q]II$NJTLB



#!

]))9\:RO9^5J;E3A+_;
MQR\\!$L7(87:$B.=?)T8QS4M)Q

M='






A46AYH\5
(3E6Y850PU);2#3
M`

R5-1/L
Q46&$;F5^8)F-)


MH)A%B3
-T[=`=-\2?I(4HG`X:?YMHHHTX4,W[LNN\[_N`04@89V30H$!\J
M4)M\9JU\3U+KD0HD@+VF#0O
89D^S/`
5?:X9T8V/0L$F9ZMHR3I2;UG@00^



VH[F^).[$HGN9;7RI6DC
M5JSW]N7`&6*3XL.[36:PS(!8/QH%]




M:&5E='


A2:6.-!I-
M.\\A
1=)$:Q.9SS][-M)R:V:05J7S!9V5[9:U]\67Y^KROK#;6DQ,W*]D:N
M;:$FQT79'%?VMW_C3W/;(C1KBJS#5K9'XC8G]=__K&\XO:5G!B%C`T9&6?
M*#V'CD/R$ZHS,L)GU,;`V[KC



7YEIE\*!L%D



3SO@B)SP


U**

M7'[O]D8@GB_SOA7(1*Q_O'@%$D!3R:88NS

M*
RA[#O)A)VFSR8S5O4)Q!
;#LO=UD`B`]D92&P@B8&D0T31`'WSN`9FK&H0

M(H

5FH
?EYQ3-C5;Q`@HGLQJV!1`:R




M970S
2YX;6RL5]N.JS84?:_4?T\GXY):`D1Y
0X$BM5%6]/!/B)&@`1YB9
MS/Q]MVT@V$Z/DO:\Q&&QO=AK7WQ9?OVH*^


M?R1?%J9!N[PYY!5I\


M.D'2XBKOP']Z+B]T8*N+1^CJO'U]NWPI2'T!BGU9E=TG)S6-NHB^G1K2YOL*
M='\@+R\&;OZ@T==ET1)*CMT

.S/NY

MK4`\L?[QXA6(#TTU-H5KS^6([$:C@3K1D%1#








&PO


M55

MW[/FM7I/Z_+P:WDN(-J0)Y&!IZKZ)$Q_.0@(%B_9ZJ3+P._U[%`\YV_']H_J


M4YU8RJQV11+E;?YP5U?O





ATP?;M0*\+.ZY
M^R`QHG0*4682H9@$.;7RUX88^<EXGO#$&-(Q)8(0E#4H9D)H)\L&$^?G=B
M.Q+LG(+,H:4@'UJP3QLKTDA;K:_4/R=/]+*KY*FVDN3C+8#(<:R$EKG2!']6
MET[072\$F'.J$H8PK#=D7N^T%31D'RS:&(.-+O&(0S&'$@ZE',H0A`,AY,Z5
M0$S:U477DXY0$H::65VO[*ZL;






*!
M$+J1!&+:IB8%I[E_.Q*7`Z.^CZIZ7P&ESM%VHHYE8)AU(.90CK@H):;AZ
M8Q!+P8G\DY!1JZ$83D)V#X\6D8:@M_ITNQ89U[&V,AY%.91JZI7IJWX\Z@S

M
.*_$(;34RYE)$JYA(S'JM!A4
2AF$

0=B9$5'YX2$(+\`P'R5$ZH'(ZU`M
MO'&FKZPVYJ#W/#+H8F5EC-UD$GTZB5Z\Y#-L9C*$\J4=^3[&J:A?BK`X'IO9


M4Z^U`)7Y7%6M_@-N=MF_X_;P+P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`+U6@)HR



Q6D`@?@UZA+7AH0D?RM'V_ED5TVINLOO
!V$9@;!TQ9
M4G)*TRBNE)'Z7V&$!BI!X@PD
(XDSJ=)W($$QH$$Z!YT8#G
A7&8NUJL/&_I

M3
G^OUQ#DCG)

T`


M8LG`T6\]?9Q3E4/IG$R\OR

M1

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#Y

T+GAM;*Q86X^J
M2!!^WV3_`^']B
U-

P
MZ&?51W]5U471BZ]O]=EZQ6U7D69IH\G4MG!3DGW5')?V7W^F7R+;ZOJBV1=G
;M(QSD<*A*G)#RI<9-STE:?YZ6']W
MJBZ=9*O+1^CJHGU^N7PI27T!BEUUKOIW1FI;=3G_=FQ(6^S.H/L-^44IN=D7
M@[ZNRI9TY-!/@

M-_IL=2=RS=IJ_[UJ


M7[@*WW@2!8$?1K/'5P^6+`1P%23HPQ$`N8P#KA\6

R



M-A3F6/:=9(*3S8U5O5QQ(4]=,N4[ZL-H.1S%1B(%L#20TD


3SH@M_L;



`4$L#!!0`!@`(````
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#
V+GAM;*Q;


=^MS[#^T]OV_62M[3=MS.W7QZ_?WG_;%/MW
/%E




M_


S.))!(()7`7`(+

F%'#ZBCDL9B2$LV+A)7(E6\%)(H)%7(7$+A60*

M0FB&0I%?]G$0^6$0BGI

P7@D'$(ASZ^::8;(
MD
=AS-622JV.0Q#4`XNY!`OXG$M&D;N$B
C1A*\M1B'(D4WM#)'AQ
E:
!EP

MJYH4P:3ND+($$A2M#A'[61X2W:N3:SKM3D3A$D\B6](JDK2,IF[$1'%54
M_=669,H,:=)NW92STH3P#RG(E:R18NBDC21MXBG.R&IEHDSF[[LL=NJTCQ(



QQ&&H2ZL+&






MAE8

M3&BXR/$)D88BZ+28IM)
1F8
95%1^J0T*3^8\)@&$+-^0+R04;KPBQ3(2!
MH
:QCU(CAU-;R%R(?7_TY


MAE8
8A


MU;B#*QW.D!

R5E6H(JV%L

*+(Z)RFX

MK:(M=F4=1BJD*
78NTM)R[I/:_



MQ:I&

U&6=):A0S
M11YSH,Z,JGUN%!LK8A0CQ*M;CV*2<D<Q0M=&,4HY;9&&IH3=+E3%EHQT]!2
M0RL&\;#*@]GGPJK/:W!\
)$NO\9FK]1#N8W'5LJY-K80!*DZ:S3L

MIG1E42
$?[$-&).4^VT7#24:2C4TU]!0YF&EAI:,8B'QQPO+H6G'?O0PJ;

M#=ZXRN'%B4$/)LY+49SM+_#H?O4.U^-?````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`

M:SOYWVA/Y)HVY?ZWLL:@-L2)1N1D=J^FU/(5AL::N3/@)_-


D#O,V[?+5H
MR-6`J@'-VTM.:Q#%4*XBLBP.0ZQ_%&H(#R5YHQ+$S8&46PA/U]686@OK!?(



F7K+


(9





6C`IB7VL.26XS


MI?]O;EGIG8%;\9/$\Q'T.+E^=R.1D#H9H;&@-.Y4Y@[]P'=\F3L;B8!;5HE.




F[3CI9%CJ=?5H6-N))LC`(\D5L?4.O'J#V?!AX
MAA32TGPKK$*6+_,P0NH!M.,V$_)$+'N7/!56G#R`]950D5O9.@V&3G3BMVP





RYX;6RL6%V/JS80?:_4_X!XO^$K0!(EN=KP


MA#H-&.IVIU^Z[KHQC#:_HIK%_B*:OCEA)LJZ^U.1OMM4'9L1]4E89MFIY1

M0/%8E$7WHR?5M2K??#O7N


B#)H2?8:%69?MMPV^:;!M

M0;6Q1(N`6Y`
)K2A#$0R$

MX$-&8AD():!1`;22HA`WW$U02%E(TA/AZHJX#,Q*20#0)!I-!NX)$A(K
M2*(@Z101'`!50W7`@E2.[E+D3P=

MM#R9)!I(AI0=D'%NA381:=V5*:XM'4B`5G`
;*#['4.

'
&K[_C:
MM[QOGQD6-!=

`4$L#
M!!0`!@`(````(0!:KYFK


MOM-M\@G.J\[4*



M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````



M$Q7YUA15:LH1F



VF_.G*5;(P+AJ=W






MVC]0LE%!KEU7Q
1ODJX(H$I=S_/0]^C0M;VU;)C'%$QI&()X4DJ%AT9D7,B
MZ#614/!N&$242V)+`#4)!1H&5MRVV&

Y6Y7-4AZ4\\-X[-0!-UQ

M'-




=
0@-SO
GH`\)#H^E21H-#(4?*:-DW
=K2)T5MW
M#NT8U=`-@)_9+T!.-[A!8NT-SJNK;!!RNMD-0DZ7@D$(-(
&A5H1.BM[=5H



M`!0`!@`(````(0!2FZ^JW@8``(4:```/`````````````````%H



M:&5E='









YX;6Q02P$+0`4

M4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A``*36.!=`@``604``!D`````````````````.C8`



M=#8R+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`&/ZX*D`
``-4
```9````````````




M






&UL4$L!
M`BT`%``&``@````A`/5$J&I`@``WP8``!D`````````````````UUT``'AL






M!@`(````(0I[=8)!`,``'L(```9`````````````````(-U``!X;]W;W)K





M```-`````````````````&J``!X;]S='EL97

M```A`/0UF3A+EP``*W

M971S+W-H965T


UN!?L6`P``




M`BT`%``&``@````A``
K4M!C!```U!```!D`````````````````*$X!`'AL


2YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`;L$'K6@








M.2YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`&PRBF8(``!@)0``&0``````````````


M+W-H965T





`AA```/%7





M='
&UL4$L!`BT`
M%``&``@````A``'`W.2.!@``YAL``!@`````````````````H@(`'AL+W=O












M



&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#0T+GAM
M;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#84
YMF@(``'4&```9`````````````````/N#


M970T-BYX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`%U1PX6```!7!0``&0``````````




Y+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!%@B1FY@D`


/```9````````

M:&5E='




U+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````


8;6Q02P4&`````&

 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroNbrkHEightxcQMVg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroHQyqnXhbSixdqh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroJKlglFivedFourvSevensG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerotMhKmSixkJNOneSevenM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerorNinemfFFQXTVtP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroxbkXHTJxFourcFL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerowPSsXDVGhDsZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerohnkEightLZerolxNSevenTwoEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerodFivesshxXHFrbb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerobrLKryLMGvMNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroFiveRmxTvpyXPJNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroHEightVmMvWbFiveZeroLNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroPmZvlwLZFwyG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroNineMrppskXwPxOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_EarningsPerShareZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroHQWFourmFXgFsSevenThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_EarningsPerShareZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroQrnJxpnwRnThreeThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_EarningsPerShareZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroWNFourfhThreeFourHZerowKFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_EarningsPerShareZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroRMTwkMDFiveHtyFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_EarningsPerShareZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerofDMTwoJOneVQRpqp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_EarningsPerShareZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeronncXNwFEightTTwocN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCompanysIncomeTaxExpenseZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroZerohThreePQQSixTOneSevenKZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCompanysIncomeTaxExpenseZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerosfKThreeEightZVqhbXq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCompanysIncomeTaxExpenseZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroNineSevenMBZXzNineskDFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCompanysIncomeTaxExpenseZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerofzzLNFourmWwRThreeEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCompanysIncomeTaxExpenseZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroDMZzrTLTwoNinefvP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCompanysIncomeTaxExpenseZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroQFiveJmdEightDvJmCg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPolicesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeropLThreeltMcDFiveWOneC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPolicesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroHsQbkZeroEightTLmBM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPolicesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerozSevenwMmEightWKgFivetSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPolicesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroGfBNineRGbZeroTwomLp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfReconciliationOfTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeronzSFourlTwoMTwoHXTwoZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfReconciliationOfTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroPxbzEightWlVfQnW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfReconciliationOfTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroWNmNrSevenZKmBrr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfReconciliationOfTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroFourqQpwtmDBZNineC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfReconciliationOfTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroFivexwtVTThreeWXgPT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfReconciliationOfTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroGFourSixThreeCLlSevenFiveFiveCp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfReconciliationOfTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroCWpFiveFzhTZkkD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfReconciliationOfTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroFiveNineGJDSixZeroqvFivecSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfReconciliationOfTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerokbrTbdtPZwXC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfReconciliationOfTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerodRwQBCTTwoVsOneL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfReconciliationOfTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroMmTwoSixtFiveWThreeLSevenJN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfReconciliationOfTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerogWXLXMwDrZerodH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfReconciliationOfTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroXZerohQFNineCFiveSixlKX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfReconciliationOfTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerondtThreeFourQQgKgLv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfReconciliationOfTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroVJCZeronyBySvTwoK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfReconciliationOfTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerocCrSixPFivePHyZeroTt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfReconciliationOfTheWarrantLiabilitiesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeronmShdSevenNineRHyLOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfReconciliationOfTheWarrantLiabilitiesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerofEightKZeroDcdZZeroNTv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfReconciliationOfTheWarrantLiabilitiesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroNOneFknnnhRXSThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfReconciliationOfTheWarrantLiabilitiesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroQSevendnfGSevenVNbFiveThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfReconciliationOfTheWarrantLiabilitiesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroDDDtCThreesglEightrFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedStatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroVqvRcSevenfgNZeroZC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedStatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroqDzTpThreehThreeFOneSevenEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedStatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroMWVTworrNXJQmc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedStatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerozPSXDFourkrKkEightr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedStatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroTpTwoKPKbFourFLNinez'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedStatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeromCSqHwbkPMxr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedStatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerovSixsrZeroNOneZeroSevenSGZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedStatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroTfTwoQnThreevSvLsK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ConcentrationRiskZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroCPZeroRHDsgGJrT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ConcentrationRiskZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroCgbNNsWKWCJw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ConcentrationRiskZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroSixTThreeTwowrwscZeroPTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ConcentrationRiskZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroCCgrVfBXQcwL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ConcentrationRiskZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerohyLSevenmSevenzFourRXZeroT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ConcentrationRiskZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerowsnNineNinemfNineFrTJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroZcdZgzmyOneNinesZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeronrFiveOnetTThreekEightnvB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerovMqXqTyyZerozGL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerocKmyGFWGGgVH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroFBThreelMHWVpbSevenk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroCKFourRgZeroFZeroHfpx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeromkLVtWSmNhzP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroThreeQkBKhwEightwHTwoT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroPNvSixxZeroqkhKGV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroZeroFournsqyyBTwoThreenN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerosvyBhhfMhMSevenl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroGHTwoOneBTKFivevQvNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroThreeckbsPSSixZHSixp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroBdlqdZerodNineKSixhG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroQNTwoMTwodyvxThreeGb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroHNXlBVSlmFivesD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeromlHDbdBhrLSeveng'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroPSBnDTOneNBDNc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeronmhFTJMCHCpS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroSrNVlWcqKMdNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroWQZeroKMFOneZeroThreeTwohm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerobWgCfFmxpwHV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroTwocZeroQJpZeroNJNbN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroxyKNinegbROnezspT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroGFlThreerOnenrMSevenmg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroHnmKKpNinePrPTx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroOnelSixQzNSixfNggd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroNFlSixHdSixKSixZkF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroBSixGFourTnhNineTwomSZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroZTQSPwlQSixnRX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerowSOnenNinenTZeroDMpm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroEightEightNinetPNineRThreedvBD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroNGFourWHQFourZgTNW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroQXVDclhvWgKB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroTwoHSevenVStFourQkGThreeT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroTFdhJKgZeroXEightSixThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerolWkMwsCvdshTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerohzlThreeFiveHmJDTZeroP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroGfVJMhThreewhHPN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerogSevenLTwolSixzdLDsOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerorCcrTNineCXSevennkb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerocFOnefKMVNKlWs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroSnNFivePZeroWKlnkk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerobSixHZeronKkkSixNinezM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerollZeroxNNineSixkFivewFourc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroFhSevenSevenCKnHnGVThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroNcZwCPSpTwoWvb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroGydXsDGTVgdD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroOnefzTZeroRGTsNxOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerosJHSevengqQmXZeroTG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroPSevenNinezPCTwKZeroxSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroPWQVBFourdbtHWs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroMxVdVkMZwnkx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroSevenTTkZswcNineHmD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroNineFourFlMZerocmykqSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroQrSRqLmRqKGD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroQLJtbvBKflnb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroNinersFTwoHyOneFSThreeP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroqbVTTTwoKSevenSixLRTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroXkEightpFVnEightgMSevenFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerovOnehdlPZwFivekNineV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerobhpSThreeJVpDFFTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroSixHbEightpJpFhpkf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerodZeromlVRsTZThreeEightr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroHSevenQGqJftSixVSixd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroBCzFxSevenbOneZeroFSixS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerokHpZerotxMqTwoNineBS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerohNineTzbThreeSWdpTT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroWqmfrVFtFiveTMR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroZeroQJTwodQFouryBHWh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerocpBfcZZLZeroZEightV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroxRTzcZeroTwoJTBzP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerozLccTwoGlFoursZlFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroJsKdVXxbfTgc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroRRkgNPFTwoOnedFourJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroXSixkvJSixThreerntqZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroOnerSixcJvFouryQGSevenl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroFourXTwoVcTFiveFourfVdg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroPFourbxCHdmpMzn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerohKGJxycROneFZP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerodBmTTwosSevenCRBmg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroSctGNinerhyOnezZTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroptzLVhSixFGSixrr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerogNineSevenThreeSixnMBsFND'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroJyLvzrgvbRqp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroBzmRTKPLZSSixV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroWNcBHRJQZThreewy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeronCThLgMLncEightFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroKCdbEighttklKMQT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerobbbBXcQNCTFourL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerofgWVmLTEightQnHK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroSevenbThreeDZerovmZeroNFourQNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroGFourGHbFKyThreeZeroFiveh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeromqrbgxSkyThreeZeroS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroRRmHzTwoZeroRyKGM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerozOneZeropCFourghdmSFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroEightTLNineBsKdyMrw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroDTwoZtFQHQyrNinen'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerorphXXpFourWNinelBH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeromWwXSevenbkbgyqw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroyzsfTnFourSevenZTkC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroFiveZerorgTPwBHhFours'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroQGRWGtHhzTWn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroFrZeroLSevenPThreePXKlm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroTwoVFiveCrSSevenfvVcc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroKPRTMSixQBFivezVL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerohchZXfzPThreesFourg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerofFFHJcvSgGlNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerofdOneTNSxqgMQH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeropyszhQTEightSbbH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroQQlTwoDxTwoSevenTWFF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroJTThreezZmSevennGWmw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroyHvnmWchVvPZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroTmKNhQmFourFourySevenQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroRsbhSevenyCSeventCTw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerosqThThreebZeroGlCrT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeronEightbKqxQlmThreecG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroDgZeroOneKNmDBZerokg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroMHgfBSFFivetFiveWH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroRpOneFourPThreeXJQZwz'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroGnTHxEightVOneccZeroJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroXWvBCdFNyRTOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerovTMsSJPJNineJnT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroDvfDwnTSHdpX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroZyrhzZeroMyFVvg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroNineQQcNcFSixCryX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroEightTZeroSevenmFVLlDqb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerolbxPsfSFourLTzf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroRXEightwPdThreeVVnRL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeropZNMEighttZeroxySevenWFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroZkSevenpEightqrNineVvDy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroGFourVcSevennBzmgvZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroThreewWQSixtqGDRzT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroTJZFourOneWZcEightSThreeP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroLJkWXhGOnetTEightX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerosgqTFiveFourdSixKFournz'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerokWVSixHSHghbsN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroSevenLHmgClMtCFourc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerovEightGmpSevenWpnrcy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroCtLOnebhJSevenEightcTK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroFiveTFourplQSixMwNXm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfRestrictedSharesVestZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerocRMDPdrfBVHv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfRestrictedSharesVestZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerovShkNZbPvdNl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfRestrictedSharesVestZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroDQcyhznWPGwc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfRestrictedSharesVestZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroQNinefHNThreeFivemnThreefJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfRestrictedSharesVestZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroqNHmKXTwoTwoWEightZeroc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfRestrictedSharesVestZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroBkPVZFwgBSevenSevenW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOtherPayablesAndAccrualsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerozZvzThreeyNineSevenDOneVx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOtherPayablesAndAccrualsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroKkZrOneKsQROnehFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOtherPayablesAndAccrualsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroFiveNinedQWFLcgQds'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOtherPayablesAndAccrualsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerownySFournyPTwoFTl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOtherPayablesAndAccrualsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerowNineEightSevenTEightEightMEightSixnFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfOtherPayablesAndAccrualsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroFivesThreekBGvRpSevenNineSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_OtherPayablesAccrualsAndTaxesPayableZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroxbzPnFiveSixmpTpp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_OtherPayablesAccrualsAndTaxesPayableZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroSRXKrZtgNstK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfValuationAssumptionZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerolThreelRkgcVrEightzT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfValuationAssumptionZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroqRRTwoCnPEightPnFourv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfValuationAssumptionZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroThreeSevenxLwkdyFourZeroRT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfValuationAssumptionZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroyTTwoLOneSzSevenbTwohV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardRestrictedStockUnitsVestedAndExpectedToVestTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StatutoryReservesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroHTlyGCTwoFourNxRb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StatutoryReservesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroGQFourJdBSRHHyW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StatutoryReservesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroEightDMZTCzhFivesPJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfPrepaymentsAndOtherReceivablesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroyFourHfWflqkTwoFourw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfPrepaymentsAndOtherReceivablesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeromTtWwrEightXSixppc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfPrepaymentsAndOtherReceivablesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroOneThreeVmtBJFKZxX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfPrepaymentsAndOtherReceivablesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroSdxFKSixRkTXThreek'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfPrepaymentsAndOtherReceivablesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroThreeOneJhRZvzSixZmc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfPrepaymentsAndOtherReceivablesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeromXMSixrPSZqWSm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfPrepaymentsAndOtherReceivablesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerotSpHMbSHFiveChTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfDetailsOfTheSubsidiariesAndAffiliatesOfTheCompanyZeroTwoZeroSixFiveTwoFiveThreeFourOneSevenDXKCJpTSixlD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfDetailsOfTheSubsidiariesAndAffiliatesOfTheCompanyZeroTwoZeroSixFiveTwoFiveThreeFourTwozFourGShThreeVTQcm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfDetailsOfTheSubsidiariesAndAffiliatesOfTheCompanyZeroTwoZeroSixFiveTwoFiveThreeFourmshZbnwmxkhZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfDetailsOfTheSubsidiariesAndAffiliatesOfTheCompanyZeroTwoZeroSixFiveTwoFiveThreeFourqvDnKkWwXdTwoV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfDetailsOfTheSubsidiariesAndAffiliatesOfTheCompanyZeroTwoZeroSixFiveTwoFiveThreeFourRnTwocmvFiveSixFourNdS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfDetailsOfTheSubsidiariesAndAffiliatesOfTheCompanyZeroTwoZeroSixFiveTwoFiveThreeFourQGDdqxdkmknN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfDetailsOfTheSubsidiariesAndAffiliatesOfTheCompanyZeroTwoZeroSixFiveTwoFiveThreeFourEightXNCOneZmzdFourgM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfDetailsOfTheSubsidiariesAndAffiliatesOfTheCompanyZeroTwoZeroSixFiveTwoFiveThreeFourFiveydGVBfCpNineThreeK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfDetailsOfTheSubsidiariesAndAffiliatesOfTheCompanyZeroTwoZeroSixFiveTwoFiveThreeFourrhxWVpQSevenFQvFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfDetailsOfTheSubsidiariesAndAffiliatesOfTheCompanyZeroTwoZeroSixFiveTwoFiveThreeFourThreeqBrQMJhRQMd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfDetailsOfTheSubsidiariesAndAffiliatesOfTheCompanyZeroTwoZeroSixFiveTwoFiveThreeFourMEightlVSixkmfwRJg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfDetailsOfTheSubsidiariesAndAffiliatesOfTheCompanyZeroTwoZeroSixFiveTwoFiveThreeFourpVZDgRZerolFivefkf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_FairValueMeasurementsAndFinancialInstrumentsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeropBsFTTwoqDTwoNJS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_FairValueMeasurementsAndFinancialInstrumentsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroJQmrmTXdQTxSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfUsefulLivesOfTangibleAssetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroFdNineTPSevenxlHvSixN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfUsefulLivesOfTangibleAssetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroQwGSixZeronEightkzkLy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfUsefulLivesOfTangibleAssetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroPFourCkkCBkTQBy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfUsefulLivesOfTangibleAssetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroqdsrWSixTSevenztrH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfUsefulLivesOfTangibleAssetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeropkhEightJyJbGnxP'


@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7
@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7



Y.5\S
S0W7S0P869?.#9F-U]F








T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


M(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T]

T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@



T0B5V]R:W-H


T0B5V]R


T0B




O4VAE970Q
2YH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS


#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS
M:&5E='


M965T
38N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z






O4VAE970Q.2YH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS




M($A2968]

M15


M14Y47TE.1D]234%424]./]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U


M971S+U-H965T


M#0H@(`@/'@Z3F%M93Y$15-#4DE05$E/3E]/1E]55-)3D534U]!3D1?3U(Q

T0B5V]R


O4VAE970R.2YH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$

O4VAE970S
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC96Q7;W)K
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O

O4VAE970S



M7T%34T544U].151?5&%B;&5S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T




M:&5E='







O4VAE970S-RYH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E

\+W@Z3F%M93X-


M968]






O4VAE970T
M



M
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX



M345.5%-?04Y$7T9)




04Y4



T0B5V]R:W-H


T0B5V]R
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E
M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4TA!4D5





M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^14%2




&-E;%=O







O4VAE970U.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC
#I.86UE/@T*
M(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E='
O4VAE






O4VAE970V









O4VAE970V-BYH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E



&-E;%=O<FMS




O4VAE970W




O4VAE970W
M



#I.86UE/@T*
M(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E='
O4VAE


&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(`\





M7U)%0T].0TE



15]/1E]$149%4E)%1%]405A?05-3150\





15]/1E]$545?5$]?4D5
051%1%]0


M1%5
15]/1E]2159%3E5%7T)97TU!2D]27T


15]/1E])3D1)5DE$54%
7T-5



M0TA%1%5
15]/1E])3D1)5DE$54%
7U-54%!
244\+W@Z3F%M93X-B`@(`\

15]/1E]&55154D5?34E.



M93Y30TA%1%5

15]/1E]#3TY$14Y3
M141?0D%



M3F%M93Y30TA%1%5
15]/1E]#3TY$14Y3141?4U1!5$5-14X\+W@Z3F%M93X-

15]/1E]#3TY$
M14Y3141?4U1!5$5-14XQ/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U







M
S
T-U\T
&%F7S@V9C=?9F1A8F(Y
38W.#!A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(T.&
U8SDY7S
S-#=?-#!A9E\X-F8W7V9D86)B.3$V



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E


$584D%%/@T*

M


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

3X\+W1H/@T*


M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]


]




]






T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@4&5R:6]D
M($5N9!$871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y$96,@
M,S$L#0H)3(P
3



]
T1P


]


]

]
T1T97AT/B=.=71R87-T87(@


]




T1T

3(M


]

]



]
T1T



]
M






]



]
M

]
T1T


M1&YU;7`^)`V+#@P,PP


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^





S
T-U\T
&%F7S@V9C=?9F1A8F(Y
38W
M.#!A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(T.&
U8SDY7S
S

#(N



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C





S$L(#(P
3
\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M

]



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M+#4R-BPU
S




]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C8Y


C4Q/'-P


\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C$L





]



]


2PQ


2PU-3(L



3(Q+#(S-BPY-3


S@L
M


251)15




]
T1N=6UP
M/C$L

T1T;W`^5&%X97





M
#






]
T1N=6UP/C$W


M:71I97

]
T1N=6UP
M/C4L
30Q+#`W


M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E1O=&%L(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@







M5$]#2TA/3$1%4E



]


3`L
#8V

3$S+#`Q
!S:&%R97,@:7-S=65D(&%N9!O=71S=&%N


BPU
M
3`L

M1&YU;7`^



#`L

34L.#8S+#@R-B!S:&%R97

M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P

]
M

]
T1P



CDL



]
T1N=6UP/C0L.38P+#`R


]

]





]
T1N=6UP/C4X+#
R-2PY










T1T;W`^5&]T86P@;&EA8FEL
M:71I97


2PR

M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8C0X8S5C.3E?
S
T-U\T
&%F7S@V9C=?9F1A8F(Y
M

O4VAE970P
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

241!5$5$($)!3$%.0T4@







]





]
T1N=6UP/C$Q
M


3$S+#`Q
#QS


]

M86QI9VX]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@




]
T1N=6UP/C$Y






]
T1N=6UP/C0S+#4U-3QS





]


]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q


T


]

S
L



]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C


]
T1T97AT







]
M
T1N=6T^*#
L

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S+#$P


]


T1T


]




]
M



]
T1N=6UP/C(U-2PY


M9&EF9F5R96YC97

]
T1N






T1T;W`^3W1H

M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^5&]T86P@;W1H97(@:6YC;VUE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D







C
L-C@Q+#8W



]

]

BD\


M86QI9VX]

]
T1N=6UP/C$W+#(T
BPW






]



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2XP

]

@


]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#0U





M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8C0X8S5C.3E?
S
T-U\T
&%F7S@V9C=?9F1A8F(Y
38W

O4VAE970P-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]

241!5$5$(%-4051%345.5%
@

]
T1T:#Y#;VUM







L



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M-#
L

BPP


N(#
Q+`R,#$Q/]T9#X-B`@(`@


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



T1T;W`^

]




]
T1N
M=6UP/C$W+#(T
BPW



]





]
T1N=6UP/C(U


]




]






I/]T9#X-B`@


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



T1T;W`^


]
T1T






S0L




]



]
T1T


M1&YU;3XH
C`P+#
X


C`P+#
X







]


]
T1N=6UP
M/C4V


]



]
T1P


]
T1T




]


#DL-C8T/'-P86X^


]
T1N=6UP/C@P




]




]

]


]







]




M92!A=!$96,N(#,Q+`R
#$R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$






]
T1N=6UP
M/C4X+#
R-2PY






N(#

]





T1T;W`^0F5G:6YN
M:6YG($)A;&%N8V4@870@2F%N+B`P
2P@
C`Q
CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]





]




]





]




#$R/]T9#X-B`@





CDL



]
T1N=6UP/C4X+#
R-2PY









3
L

34L.#8S+#@R

]
T1T



]



]


BPQ-S`L







]








]




]



]





]
T1N=6UP/C$Y+#$S




]




]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



T1T



]
T1N=6T^*#(R.2PU
3





]
T1N=6UP/C(S+#DQ







]




M('1O(&YO;BUE;7!L;WEE97


]









]
T1T


#$L




]
T1N=6UP/C@P





M;7`^







]





M

]



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T-C
I/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
T1T



M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^16YD:6YG($)A;&%N8V4@870@1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
SPO


]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
3DL.3
T+#4U


L.3




^#0H@(`@(`@

N(#


]



S
T-U\T
M
&%F7S@V9C=?9F1A8F(Y
38W.#!A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+V(T.&
U8SDY7S
S-#=?-#!A9E\X-F8W7V9D86)B.3$V-S@P82]7



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5/5T%'/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S


CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*


]





]
T1R93X-




M1&YU;3XH



]
T1N=6UP



]



M




]






T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='



]



@86YD(&]T:&5R(')E8V5I=F%B

2PV

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
C
L

]



]

]
M

M/3-$;G5M/B@V+#


S4Q+#4Y


3(L-S@U


M/B@Q.3$L


]

M;7`^
C0L
S`V+#DY

]



]



M+!P;&%N=!A;F0@97%U:7!M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S






M:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97

]
M





]
T1N=6UP



]





T1T;W`^3F5T(&-A



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R
34I/'-P



]





T1T;W`^
M0T%32!!3D0@0T%32!%455)5D%
14Y44RP@870@=&AE(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!O

]
M
T1N=6UP/C4T+#4U-BPS


L




]







]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C(R.2PU
3


#`L


@=6YD97(@97%U:71Y(&EN8V5N=&EV92!P

#$L
SDV/'-P


]

M;7`^







]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-RPV.#

;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B-#AC-6
Y.5\S
S0W7S0P869?.#9F-U]F9&%B8CDQ




]

T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]

@

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]

]
M


M/3-$

M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/&(^3D]412`Q/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#DR)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/D1%
M4T-225!424].($]&($)54TE.15-3($%.1!/4D=!3DE:051)3TX\+V(^#0H@


M=&EM97

M)SY.=71R87-T87(@26YT97)N871I;VYA;!);F,N(@F(S@R

M=&%R)B
X

X
C(P.T-O;7!A;GDF(S@R
C$[*2!W87
@
M:6YC;W)P;W)A=&5D(&EN('1H92!3=&%T92!O9B!.979A9&$@;VX@1&5C96UB
M97(@
C(L(#(P


M86QA;F0@5T%93D4F(S@R

M($-O+BP@3'1D+B`H)B
X
C(P.TYE=R!297-O=7)C97
F(S@R
C$[*2X@07
@







C`P.2P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@9FEL



N
M)B
X
C(Q.R!T;R`F(S@R

M97-O=7)C97




PP,#`L,#`P#0H@(`@(!T;PT*(`@(`@,3DP+#`P
M,PP





M

3$L(#(P
3`L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&9I;&5D





M


BP@
C`Q


#M3
M:'5A:7EI($9O=6YD97)S)B
X

M=R!297-O=7)C97



C`[2&5I;&]N9VII86YG(%-H=6%I



M=&EM97



L('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W
@:6YD:7)E

M871E9!O;B!*=6QY(#$S+`R



#M297-T

X





M+BP@3'1D+B`H)B
X

X
C(Q.RD@86YD($AA




@;F5W









&EN(AT:&4@)B
X

X
M







C`[



X
C(P.T]P=&EO;B!!9W)E96UE
M;G0F(S@R
C$[*3L-B`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QP(&%L:6=N/3-$:G5S





@;W(@:6YD
M:79I9'5A;'




T1J=7-T:69Y('-T



3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@/&(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QI



#M0;&5D9V4@06=R965M96YT)B
X
M









@;V8@=&AE(%9)17
@:6X@
M:71S(&]W;B!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@=6YD










3!P=#L@8F]R


M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q-R4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

T1C

M1#$E/B8C


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N

T1C96YT

M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CY097)C96YT86=E(&]F/]B/@T*(`@


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M=&]M/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q-R4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B




#L\+W1D

T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B


M(`@(`@/&(^969F96-T:79E/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

T1N;W=R
M87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M


M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M-R4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^;V8@:6YC;W)P;W)A=&EO;CPO8CX-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V




T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R

#`P
#`P


M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N
M=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$W)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q-R4^)B




M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C139%1D9&('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V149&1B!W
M:61T:#TS1#$W)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C139%1D9&('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(T4V149&1B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M

T1C96YT97(@8F=C;VQO

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

38P.SPO

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@



T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M
M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@


Q-C`[/]P/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0Q-R4^)B
Q

M
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


M1#$E/B8C

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M


M
T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
35P=#L@9F]N

M:7IE.B`Q

M9`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&)R+SX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@



M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V149&1B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M9VX]

T1C96YT97(@8F=C

M
3`P)0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C139%1D9&('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q

T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C139%1D9&('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@

35P=#L@;6%R9VEN

M97

3!P=#LG/B8C



T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V

#L\

M

38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A

M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H)B,X,C(P.T]R:65N=&%L($=L;V)A;8C.#(R
3LI
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C139%
M1D9&('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M/&)R+SX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(!-87D@
C@L(#(P
3`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V149&1B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

T0Q-R4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@)#$-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C139%1D9&
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C139%1D9&('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C139%1D9&('=I9'1H/3-$

M

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(T4V149&1B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D





#L\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[


T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0Q-R4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1T
M;W`@=VED=&@]
T0Q-R4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V


M97


M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&)R+SX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@($1E=F5L
M;W!M96YT($-O+BP@3'1D#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8G(O/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@*8C.#(R

X
C(Q.RD-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

M1D8@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M:6YA(@F(S@R,C`[4%)#)B,X,C(Q.RDL#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&)R
M+SX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(!*=6QY(#$S+`R,#$P#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C139%1D9&('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M(`@(`@(`S+#`P,PP
#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M(#$P
4-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V149&1B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C139%1D9&('=I
M9'1H/3-$

@*&$N:RYA+B!#:&EN97-E


@36EL


M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M86QI9VX]

T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS

24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG

T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R

T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q-R4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C139%1D9&/@T*(`@(`@(`@

35P=#L@;6%R9VEN

M97



T0R)3XF(S$V


T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C139%1D9&('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C139%1D9&('=I
M9'1H/3-$


M;&]R/3-$(T4V149&1B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C139%1D9&('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(T4V149&1B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V



@;F5W(')O

#L\+W`^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG

T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0Q-R4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R

T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V

T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0Q-R4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R





M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(!$979E;&]P;65N=!#;RXL($QT9`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&)R+SX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(@F(S@R
M

C$[*0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V149&1B!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

2P@
C`P-@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C139%1D9&('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M/3-$(T4V149&1B!W:61T:#TS1#$W)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(!234(V
M

M1#(E/B8C

M(T4V149&1B!W:61T:#TS1#$W)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q
#`E#0H@

T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M139%1D9&('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V149&1B!W:61T:#TS1#$W





M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T1C96YT97(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0Q-R4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@






3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@1&%Q:6YG(%-H=6%I


M

#4-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V149&1B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

T0Q-R4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@4DU-3`L
#`P+#`P
`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F=C;VQO

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M

M(`@(`@(`@(`@
3`P)0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C139%1D9&('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N


T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C139%1D9&('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*

35P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6QE

L

3!P=#LG/B8C

M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V

#L\+W1D

38P


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG

B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M

M(`@4W!E8VEA;'1Y($9O;V0@5')A9&EN9R!,3$,N#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\8G(O/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@*8C.#(R
#M(87)B:6X@
M4VAU86EY:28C.#(R
3LI#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C139%1D9&('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V149&
M1B!W:61T:#TS1#$W)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(!04D,L#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/&)R+SX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(!-87D@
3@L(#(P
#$-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V149&1B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M
T0Q-R4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@4DU
2PU
#`L
#`P#0H@(`@(`@

M149&1B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C139%1D9&('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B



Y.5\S
S0W7S0P869?.#9F-U]F



M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N

]

M;'-P86X]


M
#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$

]

M8F]R9&5R/3-$


3`P)3X-B`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&(^3D]412`R/]B/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$.3(E


















M=&EO;BP@8F5L:65V97

M($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R




@:6YC=7)R960@8GD@=&AE(&]T:&5R('!A




M=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'



2!H860@82!P96-U;FEA<GD@:6YT97)E


M(#QB/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(%5S92!O9B!E



M=&5D(&%M;W5N='







@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
M
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P
3(@:6YC;'5D92!T:&4@=7-E9G5L(&QI=F5S(&]F





3!P=#LG
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QB/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^#0H@(`@(`@(`@




M=&EM97


M($%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@:7



N
M(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E=FEE=W
@=&AE(&%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@











M(`@(`@($EN=F5N=&]R:65S(&%R92!S=&%T960@870@=&AE(&QO=V5R(&]F



M=&AE('!R;V1U8W1S('1O('1H96ER('!R97-E;G0@;&]C871I;VX@86YD(&-O



M/'`@86QI9VX]



3!P=#LG/@T*







M




@86-C=6UU;&%T



M92!R969L96-T960@87






@:7





M93H@

T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
M

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q



M9&EN9W
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

T1C96YT

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]


M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

3(E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@-0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]



3!P

M(%1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W

@:6YC;'5D

M;GDF(S@R

M87-S971S(&ES(&%S(&9O;&QO=W


M('=I9'1H/3-$

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/E5S969U;!,:69E/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B



24^)B
Q

3(E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
3`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T




M05-($%30R!3=6)T;W!I8R`S-3`M,S`L(8C.#(R

M9VEB;&5S($]T:&5R(%1H86X@1V]O9'=I;&PF(S@R

@
M
S4P+3
P+3

M:7

@
M
S4P*2P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@87-S97-S97





M;&EK96QY('1H86X@;F]T+!T:&4@:6YD969I;FET92UL:79E9!I;G1A;F=I


2!C;VUP87)I;F<@=&AE(&%S<V5T)B
X
C$W.W
@97-T


M=&EM97



M(`@(`@(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E=FEE=W

@


@:7










M970@;V8@=F%L=64@861D960@86YD('-A;&5S(')E;&%T960@=&%X97
L('-A



T1J

M=&EM97



M(S@R





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S


M96UP;&]Y965S(&EN(&%C8V]R9&%N8V4@=VET:!&05-($%30R!4;W!I8R`W
M




M






N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&%C

@:6X@86-C;W)D86YC92!W:71H($9!




M=FED960@9F]R('1H92!N970@=&%X(&5F9F5C='


@;V8@87-S


M=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:7
@86)L92!T;R!R96%L:7IE('1H96ER(&)E;F5F:71S


@:6X@=&AE(&QO8V%T:6]N

M=&EO;G


TQ,TR-2TQ
R`H










'!T





RPX.#$-B`@(`@(`@
M(!A;F0@)#$V.PW-#8-B`@(`@(`@(!F;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D
M($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$S(&%N9`R,#$R+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN#0H@


M-PT*(`@(`@(`@(&%N9`D
3`L

2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q


@;F5W(')O

2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
B!W



X
C(P.T-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@26YC
M;VUE)B
X
C(Q.RP@97-T86)L:7-H97



M871E;65N='
N($%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&]T:&5R(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC

M=7-T;65N='



#M54R0F(S@R

N(%1H92!0
M4D

M)B
X




@


@87)E




M

@86-C





T0P(&-E

!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F



M:#TS1#$P

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q-24^1&5C96UB97(@
S$L
M(#(P
3(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG


\+W`^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/5)-0C8N,#DV.0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#,E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(%53)#$-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#U2
M34(V+C(X-34-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z
M(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@


M;7
@:6X@=&AE('-T871E;65N='
@;V8@:6YC;VUE(&%N9!C87-H(&9L;W=S
M/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(%53)#$-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#U234(V+C$Y

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0S)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

@;F5W(')O;6%N



M55




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S+'-E









M.B`Q



3$[(&=R

L('=H:6-H


@87
@82!C;W)E




F4Z(#$P<'0[)SY4:')O=6=H;W5T('1H92!Y96%R<R!E;F1E9!$96-E;6)E

2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
BP@86QL(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W
M.W


M86QI9VX]




M(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(!4:&4@0V]M


@;V8@1D%30B!!4T
@5&]P:6
@



M9'5R:6YG('1H92!P97)I;V0N($1I;'5T960@96%R;FEN9W



M8W5R(&EF('-E8W5R:71I97

M(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!W97)E(&5X97)C:7-E9!A;F0@8V]N=F5R=&5D(&EN
M=&\@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+@T*(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
2!F;VQL;W=S($9!4T(@05-#(%-U8G1O<&EC(#0U
TR
M,P@)B
X


3L@:6X@9&5T97)M





@8V]U;&0@8F4@

M;F]U;F-E;65N='


@.#
P*3H@4&%R96YT)W
@06-C;W5N=&EN

M4W5B=&]P:6
@.#
P+3



@=&\@:&%V







M=7)R96YC92!O9B!T:&]S92!E=F5N='
N($%352`R
#$S+3`U(&ES(&5F9F5C



M;B!P97)M:71T960N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&1O97


@;F5W(')O

M
3

M=&4@3F\N(#(P
3
M

@-S0P*2A!4U4@
M
C`Q
RTQ
2DN(%1H92!A;65N9&UE;G1S(&EN('1H:7
@=7!D871E('!R;W9I



L(&]R











C`Q
RTQ
M













M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

U8SDY7S
S-#=?-#!A9E\X-F8W7V9D






]

T1)1#!%-D
^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^1D%)4B!604Q512!-14%355)%345.5%,@04Y$($9)3D%.0TE!3!)3E-4






T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/&(^3D]412`S/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#DR)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/D9!
M25(@5D%
2!V86QU97,@:71S(&9I;F%N8VEA;!I

C`M
3(M-C4@

@3F\N(#$P-RP@)B
X


X
C(Q


M9VUE;G0@:7


F4Z
M(#$P<'0[)SY!4T,@5&]P:6,@.#(P+!&86ER(%9A;'5E($UE87-U<F5M96YT




@






@



3`P)3X-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@


X
C$R




T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3`E/DQE=F5L('1W;R`F(S@R


T1N;W=R
M87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B

M1#$P)3Y
979E;!T:')E92`F(S@R,3([/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$.3(E/E5N;V)S97)V86)L92!I;G!U='
@

L('=H








M
3!P=#LG/E1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W


M=F4@:6YS=')U;65N='
@)B
X



M86QI9VX]



3!P=#LG/E1H97)E





@86YD(%-E

38L(#(P
3(@
M86YD($IU;F4@
C@L(#(P
3

DN/]P







M
S$L(#(P
3

M/D%#0T]53E13(%)%0T5)5D%3$4L($Y%5!;5&5X=!;&]C:UT\+W1D/@T*




3!P=#L@8F]R9&5R+6-O;&QA


3`E/@T*0D)0D\8CY.3U1%(#0\+V(^/]T9#X-@D)


@;F5W(')O;6%N


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$




M
T0Q
#`E/@T*0D)0D\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&%L


T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

2P\+V(^/]T9#X-@D)0D)3QT

T1L

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T1C96YT

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P




M0D)0D\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H)0D)0D)

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M0D\+W1R/@T*0D)0D\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M#0H)0D)0D)06-C;W5N='

M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*0D)0D)34V+#DR,CPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/@T*0D)0D)29N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W

M/3-$

T1T;W`^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H)0D)0D)+3PO
M=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W

M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H)0D)0D)/&(^06-C
M;W5N='

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H)0D)0D)/&(^-38L.3(R(#PO8CX\



M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*0D)0D)3QB/C@Q+#0Y-R`\+V(^
M/]T9#X-@D)0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$


T0G



@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P


M8S5C.3E?
S
T-U\T
&%F7S@V9C=?9F1A8F(Y
38W.#!A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(T.&
U8SDY7S
S-#=?-#!A9E\X-F8W7V9D





^+RH@1&\@


$4V

]


T1T;W`^24Y614Y43U))15
@



M/3-$







T1T
M;W`^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]




M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-@D)0D)0D\8CXR,#$S
M/]B/CPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


#`P

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*0D)0D)3QB/C(P,3(\
M+V(^/]T9#X-@D)0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*0D)0D)29N8G-P.SPO=&0^
M#0H)0D)0D\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^#0H)0D)

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]

M0D)0D)/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/@T*0D)0D)

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H)0D)0D))#PO=&0^#0H)0D)
M0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H)0D)0D),C0P+#0Y.#PO=&0^#0H)
M0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/@T*0D)0D)29N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H)
M0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M0D\+W1R/@T*0D)0D\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H)0D)0D)5V]R:R!I;B!P

T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*0D)0D)29N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)
M0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
B4^#0H)0D)0D)-#`T+#$Y
#PO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/@T*0D)0D)29N8G-P
M.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*0D)0D)29N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H)
M0D)0D),SDW+#DY,3PO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/@T*0D)0D)29N8G-P.SPO=&0^

T1T;W`^#0H)0D)0D\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H)0D)0D)
C0V+#`U
SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


M0D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H)0D)0D)/&(^5&]T86P\+V(^/]T9#X-@D)0D)

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-@D)0D)0D\8CXD/]B/CPO=&0^#0H)0D)
M0D\=&0@86QI9VX]

M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-@D)0D)0D\8CXV.3$L.#0W(#PO8CX\
M+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M-2PR-3$@/]B/CPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/@T*0D)

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

U8SDY
M7S







]

T1)1#!%-D
^#0H@


]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#


15

M0FQO8VM=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'1A8FQE






4^#0H)3QT



M5$A%4B!214-%259!0DQ%4SPO8CX\+W1D/@T*0D\+W1R/@T*3PO=&%B;&4^
M#0H)/'`@86QI9VX]



3!P=#LG

M/3-$


3`P)3X-@D)0D\='(@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X-@D)0D)29N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9#X-@D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&-O;'-P86X]

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

2P\
M+V(^/]T9#X-@D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/@T*


M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

3

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

#`P
M

3(E/@T*
M0D)0D)/&(^
C`Q
CPO8CX\+W1D/@T*0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('=I9'1H/3-$




M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C




M

3(E/@T*
M0D)0D)
2PS
3`L
3$R/]T9#X-@D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B


L(&YE=!O9B`D;FEL(&%L;&]W86YC93PO=&0^#0H)0D)

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T
#PO=&0^#0H)



M;W(]

M#0H)0D)3QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3X-@D)0D)29N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)3QT9!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-@D)


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-@D)0D)3QB/B0\+V(^/]T9#X-

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

3(@/]B/CPO=&0^#0H)0D)3QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^#0H)


M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

P
#`P
#`@

M
3(E/@T*0D)0D)/&(^
2PS
C$L-S(V(#PO8CX\+W1D/@T*0D)0D\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

P
#`P


Y.5\S
S0W7S0P869?.#9F-U]F











]


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/DY/5$4@
M-SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Y
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CY)3E1!3D=)0DQ%
M($%34T544RP@3D54/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO


M;VYS:7-T960@;V8@=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9SH\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M.B`Q



T0Q
#`E

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V


2P\
M+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/C(P
M,3,\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('-T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXR
#$R/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
M

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+#8R.0T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C

24^
M)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+#4X,`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-PY
C(L-3`Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@-PW-S0L.#`W#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@


M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3XI/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P

M
24^)B


M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H
RPR
C0L
S8U#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

B4^*3PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

M-RPW


B4^)B

M;W5B;&4G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QB/B0\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('-T

P
#`P
#`@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S+'-E

#8L


@=VED96QY('5S960@


PP,#`L,#`P+!P87EA8FQE(&]V97(@


2P@
C`Q
R!A
M;F0@
C`Q



M:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7-I



M
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y&:7-C86P@
C`Q-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`T.3(L,S`T#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y&:7-C86P@,C`Q-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#0Y,BPS,#,-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



M
#`P

24^
M)B


MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q
C
L
3
P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M
2PQ

W#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P


M.3E?
S
T-U\T
&%F7S@V9C=?9F1A8F(Y
38W.#!A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(T.&
U8SDY7S
S-#=?-#!A9E\X-F8W7V9D86)B



^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$4V0SX-

]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#


M86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M

M=&EM97

T0Q
#`E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CY.3U1%(#@\
M+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('=I9'1H/3-$.3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^4%)/4$525%DL(%!
M04Y4($%.1!%455)4$U%3E0L($Y%5#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1J

M=&EM97







M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C


38P.SPO

#`P



M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('-T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^
M,C`Q,SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C


M3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^
C`Q
CPO8CX-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

T1B
M;W1T;VT^0V]S=#H\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V
#M=6EL9&EN9W,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,3DL-S@S+#8Q
M.`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q.2PQ.#DL.3DY#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V


M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`R.2PR,3,-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`R.PS

M9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[36%C:&EN
M97)Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
3
W+#@Q-0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

RPV.#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O

M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[36]T;W(@=F5H:6-L97
\



M(`@(`@(#$Q.2PR-#8-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^5&]T86P@8V]S=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M+#`V.2PX.3(-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT




T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T0C939E9F9F('-T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@*#0L
M-3@X+#8T,PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/BD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(@S+#0W-BPV
C0-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q-2PT
M.#$L,C0Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P


M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CX-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$U+#DY
2PP-C`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V(^


M


S
T-U\T
&%F7S@V9C=?
M9F1A8F(Y
38W.#!A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(T
M.&
U8SDY7S

M+U-H965T

M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE





]
M

]

M;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$



M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!W:61T:#TS1#DR)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/D]42$52(%!!64%3$53
M+!!0T-254%,4R!!3D0@5$%815,@4$%904),13PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@(`@/'`@86QI
M9VX]



3!P=#LG/D]T:&5R('!A

T0G8F]R9&5R+6-O

#`P
#`P(#%P

24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&-O;'-P86X]
M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R-R4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/&(^1&5C96UB97(@,S$L/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V


M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXR
#$R/]B/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

#@V+#8T-`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

M


T1L969T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#@Q+#,Q,PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M-3,L-#`V#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXD/]B/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M(`@(#$L,38W+#DU-PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`@(`@/&(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+#0X
2PQ.3@-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T0G



M;7!L;WEE97
@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R

@
M86YD(%9)17

M='
@:6YC;'5D:6YG(&UE9&EC86P@8V%R92P@=V5L9F%R92!S=6)S:61I97
L


F(S@R


@9F]R





@9F]R





M:6)L92!E;7!L;WEE97
L('1H92!Q=6%L:69I960@96UP;&]Y964F(S@R


M=&EO;G
@;V8@4%)#(&%T('1H870@=&EM92P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R


@86YD(%9)17



M/'`@86QI9VX]



3!P=#LG/E1A
6%B;&4@8V]N<VES=&5D(&]F('1H92!F;VQL;W=I;F<Z/]P/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1T;W`^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M8V5M8F5R(#
Q+#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V


M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M1#$E/B8C


3
\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/C(P,3(\+V(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y686QU92!A9&1E9!T87@\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^-#4Q+#
T
#PO=&0^

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

C4\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/C(L
S$V+#(V
3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
B4^
BPQ
C`L
3$V/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M9VX]



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^
3$Q+#4W

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
M

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXD
M/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXR+#@W.2PQ-S(\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/C(L.3@Q
M+#$S-CPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@


M.&
U8SDY7S





]

T1)1#!%
M-D

]



T1T;W`^4U1/






T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/&(^3D]412`Q
#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#DR)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\8CY35$]#
M2TA/3$1%4E
F(S@R










M9W)E9V%T90T*(`@(`@-3`P+#`P






M('!L86-E(&$@=&]T86P@;V8-B`@(`@(#$L
#`P+#`P


X
C$W.W
@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&AE;&0@

M:6=A=&EO;G
@9&5S8W)I8F5D(&)E;&]W(&]N(&)E:&%L9B!O9B!T:&4@:6YV



M
65A<B!E;F1E9!$96-E;6)E<B`S
2P@
C`Q

#`-

M9`H:6DI(&EN('1H92!E=F5N=!T:&%T('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W
@

2PP
#`L




M





M;B!A9V=R96=A=&4@;V8-B`@(`@(#(U




M97)I97



B4@

@








@;V8@0V]M;6]N


@87

@




M9F]R(&=R;W-S('!R;V-E961S(&]F(0S+#4R-PS-#(N#0H@(`@/]P/@T*

M=&EM97

M)SX-B`@(`@($]N($IU;F4@
C@L(#(P
3`L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&5F9F5C






M8W5R:71I97



30L(#(P
M

M=&5M96YT(&]N($%U9W5S=`Q,2P@,C`Q,X@5&AE(%)E9VES=')A=&EO;B!3


X
C(P.U-%0R8C.#(R
M

C`Q
X\+W`^#0H@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
M

M86XL=&EM97

3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@3VX@



M87-E(%!R;V=R86TF(S@R
C$[*2X@26X@8V]N;F5C=&EO;B!W:71H('1H92!A

X
C(P



@;W(@9F]R(&]T

M;V]D(&9A:71H(&1E96US('1O(&)E(&EN('1H92!B97-T(&EN=&5R97-T(&]F


N


PT*(`@(`@9F]R('1H








M9B`D
2PQ-#
L





X
C(Q.RD@86YD(&QI


M92!W87

X
M
C$W.W


2PQ-#
L



T0P(&-E;&QS

!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT



M1#$P


#$P/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#,L-3(T+#,T,@T*(`@(`@(`@

B4^)B
Q-C`[

M
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS

M;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,35P=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M969F9B!V86QI9VX]







@=&\@8F5N969I

M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

2PQ-#
L
3DX#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@


T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
35P




M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R


RPQ.3@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M




M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$






M93H@

#`P
M

24^)B
Q

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q






M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3$\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
BPW
C`L
#DX
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H-C@Y+#,Y
M,@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]





M

2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M

P
#`P
#`@
W!X

24^)#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M,BPP,S`L-S`V#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@


M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#(L


T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F
M=#H@





M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$




M9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H-C0T+#4S,@T*(`@(`@(`@

B4^*3PO=&0^



MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,35P=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S


I(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$P/]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#$L-S`S+#(W

T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G
M:6XM;&5F=#H@



T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@

35P=#L@;6%R9VEN

M97



2P@
C`Q

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS



M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

#`P
M

3(E/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@

35P=#L@;6%R9VEN

M97



2P@
C`Q

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS


M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

#`P
M

3(E/@T*

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XI/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P


M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@(`@(`@(#QP(&%L:6=N/3-$



M='5R92!W87


M:7




@8F5E;B!A8V-O=6YT960@

M9VX]



3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@



M92P@9G)O;2!T:6UE('1O('1I;64L('5P('1O#0H@(`@(`Q+#`P


@87)E





M(`\+W`^#0H@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]



M93H@




P
PP,#`-B`@


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S+'-E





M(')A=&4@;V8-B`@(`@(#8E(&]F('1H92!397)I97










M;VYV97)S:6]N.B!3:&%R97



#M#;VYV97)S:6]N(%!R:6-E)B
X
M

BXX




M36%R:V5T+!T:&4@3D%31$%1($=L;V)A;!396QE8W0@36%R:V5T(&]R('1H


M






@*'DI('1H92!N















T1J=7-T:69Y

L






X
M
C(P.U)E9VES=')A8FQE(%-E8W5R:71I97
F(S@R
C$[(AW:&EC:!I;F-L



3LI('1H92!#;VUP



M*0T*(`@(`@





@;V8@4F5G:7-T




M;&4]




M('=I=&@@=&AE(&=U:61A;F-E('!R;W9I9&5D(&EN($%30R!4;W!I8R`T.#`L



@;F\@


@-#@P+3$P+5
Y.2X\






M;&4]


M(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R
#$R+`T*(`@(`@
BPY

T+#@Q


3`-B`@(`@(')A=&EO+B!);B!A9&1I=&EO;BP@9'5R:6YG('1H92!Y



M
3DL
3
X#0H@(`@(!A;F0@)#(P
2PW





U-BPV
S0-B`@(`@(&%N9`T*(`@(`@
30L
M.#4Y#0H@(`@(!S:&%R97









M97








M/'`@86QI9VX]



3!P=#LG/@T*


C`P.2!T;R!P
M=7)C:&%S90T*(`@(`@-3`P+#`P

M;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W






M=6%L('1H92!D:69F97)E;F-E(&)E='=E96X@=&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@

M='

L('%U86QI

M('!R;W9I9&5D(&EN($%30R`X
34M-#`M
34M-2!T:')O=6=H(#@Q-2TT









M960@87




@97AP
M:7)E9!O;B!*=6YE(#(X+`R

M(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]



3!P
M=#LG/@T*(`@(`@07
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
L('1H92!F86ER







M(`@(`@(`@(#QT86)L92!B;W)D97(],T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
M

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^

M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^0F%L86YC92!A=!*86YU87)Y(#$L
M(#(P,3(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@,30T+#0Q,0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y#:&%N9V4@:6X@9F%I



M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S

M:61T:#H@

24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C

M97(M=&]P+7=I9'1H.B`Q)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$W


T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

#`P

3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T1T;W`^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y86QA;F-E(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
M
#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L

3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@








RXX
`T*(`@(`@86YD(&$@=&5R;2!O

M(`@(`@
3`P+#`P




2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q




Z/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&%B
M;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$


3`P)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^5V5I9VAT960\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q



M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/D-O;G1R86-T=6%L($QI9F4\+V(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*



M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*




M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP

35P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#$U




2P@
C`Q
CPO

M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L-3@X+#4P
0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#
N
M-3`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(N
CD-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M:'0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O



M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


3`E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`S+C8S#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A






T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@

35P=#L@;6%R9VEN

M97

3!P=#LG/D]U='-T86YD:6YG(&%T($1E
M8V5M8F5R(#

2PP.#@L
M-3`Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,RXT-`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
XT-0T*(`@

B4^
M)B

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C

M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(@Q+#`X.PU,#$-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/BD\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,RXT-`T*(`@

B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C



T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F
M=#H@


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT


T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
M


6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU

M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/&(^)#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
M


6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU

M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/&(^)#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


M+R\O0SHO8C0X8S5C.3E?
S
T-U\T
&%F7S@V9C=?9F1A8F(Y
38W.#!A+U=O

O4VAE970Q-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

]

]

T1T;W`^4U1!5%543U)9(%)%4T525D53



M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CY.3U1%
M(#$Q/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#DR)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/E-405155$]2
M62!215-%4E9%4SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R
M/@T*(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]




3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@26X@86-C;W)D86YC92!W:71H
M('1H92!04D


M4D

M87


@=&AA;@T*(`@(`@-24L(&%S(&1E=&5R;6EN960@8GD@;6%N

M(%!20R!S=6)S:61I87)I97
@86YD(%9)17


M;V8@=&AE(%!20R!#;VUP86YI97

M9G)O;2!*86YU87)Y(#$L(#(P

@



M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8C0X8S5C.3E?
S
T-U\T
&%F7S@V9C=?9F1A
M8F(Y



M(&-O;G1E;G0]


M/3-$



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M
2P@
C`Q

]

T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D97(M8V]L;&%P

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS

MB`@(`@(`@(`\8CY.3U1%(#$R/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$.3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QB/E-(05)%+4)!4T5$($-/35!%3E-!5$E/3CPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@/]T


M;V8-B`@(`@(#(L-3`P+#`P


#D@17%U:71Y($EN8V5N=&EV92!0;&%N





@:6X@
C`Q.2!A;F0@87
@
M;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3

M



M;GDL('5N9&5R('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W
@



M


#`P#0H@(`@(!S:&%R97
@=&AA=!W;W5L9!V97-T(&EN(#(P
M

M

C`Q
B!W:71H




3!P





@;6%Y(&)E(&5X97)C





@8F4@97AE

S$L(#(P
34N/]P/@T*(`@




M;V8@)#





M('=I=&@@37(N(%1I8VLL('5N9&5R('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W
@
C`P



M(#(P

PT*(`@(`@



N

M



M871I;VXL('1H92!C;VUP96YS871I;VX@8V]S='

L(&]V97(@

M=&EO;B!W87


M8F]R9&5R/3-$


3`P)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`W,R4-B`@

M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
4-B`@

T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$-B`@(`@

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#Y2

T1R
M:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@


M


2P@
C`Q



M8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M=&5D+3PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

M:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R

M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V






M+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V



T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&YO=W)A

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D


M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N

\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\


#`P

24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

T1N;W=R87`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M4&5R(%-H87)E/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@


M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q





M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R


M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]

35P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6QE

L

3!P=#LG/D]U='-T86YD:6YG(&%T($IA;G5A

2P@
C`Q

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$U
PP,#`-B`@

3`E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`S+C4P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#,N,C4-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

35P=#L@

M86XL=&EM97

3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.R`F(S$V
M

M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG

M;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,35P=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ


M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T

M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]




M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M

3`E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q

M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q-3`L,#`P#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
RXU
M
`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`R+C(U#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@


M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#`N,C@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Y-BPW-3`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#,N,#@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@


35P=#L@;6%R

M=&EM97

3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.R`F(S$V
#M%


M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@


M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]






M93H@
3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.R`F(S$V
#M&;W)F96ET960\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@


M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F

P
#`P
#`@

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,BXV,0T*(`@

B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O





2P@
C`Q

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

P
#`P
M
#`@

3`E/@T*

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M;&4G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

P
#`P
#`@
W!X

24^)#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]



M8F5R(#



M;&4]






M



@1W)A;G0@06=R965M96YT

#M297-T

3LI(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W
@




M(%1I8VLF(S@R




M


M=6YD97(@=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!S8VAE9'5L93H\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M:7IE.B`Q



T0Q
M


M871E/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O

C4L
#`P#0H@


S$L
M(#(P
3`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A

C4L

M
T0U
4^2G5N92`S,P@
C`Q

M:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$-3`E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`R-2PP,#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W

2P@
C`Q

P+`R,#$R/]T

T0U
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(U+#`P,`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$-3`E/D1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q
M+`R

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@
M=VED=&@]
T0U
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(U+#`P,`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H
M/3-$-3`E/DIU;F4@,S`L(#(P,3,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@



#D@17%U:71Y($EN8V5N=&EV92!0;&%N('=I=&@@37(N


C`L
#`P#0H@(`@(!R97-T






C`Q


M('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W
@4&QA;B!W:71H($UR+B!4:6-K+B!0=7)S


3LI(&]F('1H
M92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W
@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K('-U8FIE8W0@=&\@=&AE












M:7IE9!A=!A;GD@9&%T92!M=7-T(&%T(&QE87-T(&5Q=6%L('1H92!P;W)T




M9VX]



3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@




Q+`R,#$S
M(&%N9`R



T0G9F]N

M:7IE.B`Q




M=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@9W)A;G1E9!T;R!T:&5S92!E;7!L;WEE97,@82!T;W1A
M;!O9@T*(`@(`@
S8P+#`P

F(S@R
C$[*2!O9B!T:&4@





2!W:71H;W5T(&-A=7-E+!A
M;GD@=6YV97-T960@<F5S=')I8W1E9!S:&%R97



BP@
C`Q





C`Q


3LI('5N9&5R
M('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W
@4&QA;G
@=VET:!E:6=H=!E;7!L;WEE
M97


#`P#0H@

M(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!S=6)J96-T('1O('1H92!V97-T:6YG('-C:&5D=6QE


2P@*&,I(')E=&ER96UE;G0L(&]R(AD*2!T97)M:6YA=&EO;B!B
2!W:71H;W5T(&-A=7-E+!A;GD@=6YV97-T960@<F5S
M=')I8W1E9!S:&%R97


C`Q
M










30L
M



M;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W








M:&%R97

X
C$W
M.W

@37(N($AE
M;G)Y($YG86XL($US+B!6:7)G:6YI82!0)B
X


M

M.#(Q-SMS(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:RP@37
N(%`F(S@R

P
M+#`P


M97




@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R
M

X
C$W.V%N#0H@(`@(`S

M(#(P+#`P

N#0H@

T0G




C`Q
2P@



C`L
M



L(&9I;F5S




M;&4]


3$L(#(P
M



M;GDF(S@R





M97






#$S(&%N9`R,#$R+!R


M=&]C:R!O9B`D

RXR

2P@
C`Q
2!A;F0@)#$N
34-B`@(`@(&]N($YO=F5M



#M!9W)E96UE;G0F(S@R





M#0H@(`@(`R-2PP
#`-B`@(`@(&]F('=H:6-H(&]N($]C=&]B97(@.2P@
M
C`Q
B!A;F0@9W)A;G1E9!A;F]T:&5R#0H@(`@(`Q,PP
#`-B`@(`@

L(#(P
3(N(%1H92!#

M;V8@)#0U+#`P

2P@
C`Q
B!A
M;F0@
C`Q


@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R


S`-B`@(`@(&]N($]C=&]B97(@.2P@
M
C`Q
B!A;F0@)#$N
C4-B`@(`@(&]N($1E8V5M8F5R(#
L(#(P
3(N#0H@






C4L




M:7-S=65D#0H@(`@(`Q-2PP

M97(@
38L(#(P
3


3`L

M;B!*86X@
2P@

2P@
C`Q
RP@8F%S960@;VX@=&AE(&9A
M:7(@=F%L=65S(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W
@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K
M(&]F(%53)#$N

C`Q
R!F;W(@
M=&AE#0H@(`@(`Q-2PP

M(&5S=&EM871E9!F86ER('9A;'5E(0R+C$R#0H@(`@(!F;W(@=&AE#0H@
M(`@(`Q

@=&\@8F4@

#$T(&%S(&]F
M($1E8V5M8F5R(#


U8SDY7S
S-#=?-#!A9E\X






]

T1)1#!%-D
^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@




#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
M,3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QB/DY/5$4@
3
\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Y,B4^#0H@(`@




@9V5N97)A;&QY#0H@(`@(`S
M






M(&]F#0H@(`@(`R-24@9F]R(&)O=&@@9&]M97-T:6



@



M97)E;G1I86P@=&%X('1R96%T;65N=#H@86X@14E4(&AO;&ED87D@9F]R('1H

@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
#8@86YD(#(P





@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P
3(N($YO


T1J=7-T:69Y('-T



3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@2&%R8FEN($)A:7AI;B!H
M87

M;&4@:6YC;VUE(&EN('1H92!04D

@;F5W(')O


@;F]N92!O
M9B!.=71R87-T87(L($YE=R!297-O=7)C97
@86YD($]R:65N=&%L($=L;V)A


M




M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&-O;'-P
M86X]

Q
M+#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/C(P
M
3
\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

C`Q
CPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

MB`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y#=7)R96YT(&EN8V]M92!T87@@)B
X
C$Q.R!04D
\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M-RPX
3(L
C(R#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-BPT,S@L.38P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M;&4Z('-O;&ED.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B`Q)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93H@

M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R


T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!M961I=6T@;F]N92`C
#`P
#`P.R`[


M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@;65D:75M(&YO;F4@(S`P
#`P
#L@.R!B
M;W)D97(M;&5F=US='EL93IN;VYE.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=UW:61T:#IM961I

M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]

M4BU3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE(
P
#`P
#`[(#L@8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0M


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B!M961I=6T@;F]N92`C
#`P



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


M8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

P
M
#`P

M(`@(`@(`@(`\8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`W+#@Q
BPR
C(-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

P
#`P

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@-BPT
S@L.38P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO8CX-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


Z/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&%B
M;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$


3`P)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R-R4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/EEE87(@96YD960@1&5C
M96UB97(@
S$L/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

#`P
#`P(#%P

24^)B

T1N

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

C`Q
SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O



CDL.3@R+#4Y
M
@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US
M='EL93H@9&]U8FQE.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B`S)R!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]


M

3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,35P=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS


M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#
T)0T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@,S0E#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S+'-E


3`L
3DT+#`X
0T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M.PP-3$L-S8X#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D






M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

24^)B
Q-C`[


T1B;W1T

M



3!P=#LG/B8C
38P
M.R`F(S$V
#M


\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

3(E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`U,3,L-C$X#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R

M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M(`@(`H-3D-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/BD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H-#DL,#0Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


38P

@96%R;FEN9W

BPX
S`L-3
Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XI/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@*#(L
C4T+#(X
M.`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:60G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M.30L
30U#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

3(E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q-S8L.3`S#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@


@;F5W(')O;6%N




T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

P
#`P
#`@

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`V
M+#0S.PY-C`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/E1H

Z
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@;F]W


M
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

T1N;W=R
M87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


#`P
#`P

3(E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXR,#$S/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

T1N;W=R87`@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L-SDY+#8R-0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y
97-S.B!686QU871I;VX@86QL

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

3(E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H,2PW.3DL-C(U#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XI/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H,2PS,#`L-#DR#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V



M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/&(^)#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

M(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M
S`N($UA;F%G96UE;G0@8F5L:65V97
@:70@:7
@;6]R92UL:6ME;'DM=&AA





M='




#$S(&%N9`R,#$R+!A

@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD
M(#(P





M92!S=&%T=71E(&]F(&QI;6ET871I;VYS(&5X=&5N9'
@=&\@9FEV92!Y96%R

L('=H:6-H(&%R92!N;W0@

M='D@=')A;G-A8W1I;VXL('1H92!S=&%T=71E(&]F(&QI;6ET871I;VX@:7
@


S
T-U\T
&%F
M7S@V9C=?9F1A8F(Y
38W.#!A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+V(T.&
U8SDY7S
S-#=?-#!A9E\X-F8W7V9D86)B.3$V-S@P82]7;W)K


M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES



3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@



M

M

M1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&(^3D]412`Q-#PO8CX-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T
M:#TS1#DR)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\8CY%05).24Y'4R!015(@4TA!4D4\+V(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@
M(`@/'`@86QI9VX]



3!P=#LG

@82!R96-O;F-I;&EA=&EO;B!O9B!T







M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E/C(P
3(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

3$E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P

M/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^+2!.970@:6YC;VUE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(R+#$W
PS-S`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M-RPR-#(L-S$Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D


M=&]C:R!D:79I9&5N9#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V


MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@*#(R.2PU,3,-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/BD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(@R,#`L,S@R#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XI

M
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3Y);F-O;64@879A:6QA8FQE('1O(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:VAO;&1E


T1L969T

M

M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$W+#`T
BPS
CD-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


M/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#(R.2PU
3
-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N


B4^)B

T1T
M;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

@
M*$1I;'5T960I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


BPQ-S`L


M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


3$E
M/B8C


M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^5V5I

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

W
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V


L-C4V#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#$L
3(X+#0P-@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,2PQ-#,L,3`Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V



M=6YI='


M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
RPR.38-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M





M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

38L-C`P+#`U
PT*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS

T1L

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L

24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M1#$Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,2XS.`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-

M9&]U8FQE)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@

P
#`P
#`@

M9'1H/3-$
3$E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+C$P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


M=&]M/BU$:6QU=&5D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
M

3$E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`Q+C,P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@

M9'1H/3-$
3$E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+C`T#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M97








M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3

2PP.#@L-3`Q#0H@(`@(!S:&%R97
L
M#0H@(`@(`Q-3`L
#`P#0H@(`@(!S:&%R97
@86YD#0H@(`@(`U



M(`Q-3`L,#`P#0H@(`@(!S:&%R97,@86YD#0H@(`@(`R-2PP,#`-B`@


M8S5C.3E?
S
T-U\T
&%F7S@V9C=?9F1A8F(Y
38W.#!A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(T.&
U8SDY7S
S-#=?-#!A9E\X-F8W7V9D





^+RH@1&\@


$4V

]
M


T1T
M;W`^4D5


T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QB/DY/5$4@,34\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Y
B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/&(^4D5,051%1!005)462!44D%.4T%#5$E/3E
\+V(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@(`@/'`@
M86QI9VX]



3!P=#LG/D]T:&5R











M;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B

@

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@

M;65D:75M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP('-T





3!P=#LG/B8C

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

#`P

3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/C(P
3(\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO


T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M
M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@



T1B;W1T;VT^

35P



3!P=#LG/D1U92!T;R!-

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('-T

M='1O;2UW:61T:#H@

24^)#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T

B4^)B

#
V#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^


N($AA
M;B!W87

T0P('-T

3!P=#L@


M9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q





MB`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@
M/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/&(^*&,I/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*


M*'1H92`F(S@R
C`[5')A;G-F97(@06=R965M96YT)B
X




M

M.34-B`@(`@(`@(`@(&UI;&QI;VX@:6YC;'5D:6YG(&]T:&5R(&EN8VED
M96YT86P@8V]S='

M(#(P


2P@
C`Q
X@36%N86=E;65N=!B96QI




M;G-A8W1I;VXN#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

T0U)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1J

M=&EM97

3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG




U8SDY7S
S







]

T1)1#!%-D

T0Q


#$S/&)R/CPO

T1L
M969T('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*0D)3QB/DY/5$4@
38\+V(^/]T9#X-@D)
M3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Y

M

M


Q-C`[






M/@T*0D\='(^#0H)0D\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X-@D)0DF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*0D)/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H)0D))B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-@D)3QT
M9#X-@D)0DF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*0D\+W1R/@T*0D\='(^#0H)0D\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0U)3X-@D)0DF(S$V




Q+`R,#$S(&%N
M9`R

M=&EV96QY(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W

M('1H92!04D








@8F%S:7
L('1H=7
@8F5L:65V97
@:70@:7


@8F%N


M/@T*0D)/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H)0D))B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-@D)3QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/@T*0D)28C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D\=&0^#0H)0D)
M)B

Q-C`[/]T9#X-@D)3QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED
M=&@]
T0U)3X-@D)0DR*3PO=&0^#0H)0D\=&0^#0H)0D)/'`@86QI9VX]
M

M86XL=&EM97

3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I
M=#LG/@T*0D)0E&;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R
M,#$S(&%N9`R


38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H)0D\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3X-@D)0DF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*0D)/'1D
M/@T*0D)28C

T0U
M)3X-@D)0DF(S$V

@;F5W(')O;6%N



2P@
C`Q
M
R!A;F0@
C`Q
CH\+W`^#0H)0D\+W1D/@T*0D\+W1R/@T*3PO=&%B;&4^
M#0H)/&)R(\^#0H)0D)3QT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$





T0Q

T1T;W`^#0H)0D)
M3QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-@D)0D)28C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)3QT



M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X-
M@D)0D)28C

M/3-$=&]P/@T*0D)0D\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M96YT.B`M



3!P=#LG

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H)0D)0DR-4\+W1D/@T*
M0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/@T*0D)0D))B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-@D)
M0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-@D)0D)28C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)
M3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-@D)0D)3(T)3PO=&0^#0H)0D)3QT

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^#0H)0D)0DF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*0D)3PO='(^




T0G8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C

M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*0D)0D))B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-@D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3X-@D)0D)28C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS


T1T;W`^#0H)0D)3QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3X-@D)0D)28C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*0D)0D))B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-@D)0D)/'1D


M:60G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(W)3X-@D)0D)41E8V5M
M8F5R(#,Q+#PO=&0^#0H)0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^#0H)0D)0DF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*0D)3PO


M0D)28C


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3X-@D)0D)28C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

#`P

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H)0D)0DF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

3(\+W1D/@T*0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/@T*0D)0D))B
Q-C`[




T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
B4^#0H)0D)0DS
4\+W1D/@T*0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/@T*
M0D)0D))B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-@D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-@D)
M0D)28C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-@D)

B4^#0H)0D)0DF
M(S$V


M=&0^#0H)0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,24^#0H)0D)0DF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H)0D)0DR
M-R4\+W1D/@T*0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/@T*0D)0D))B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-@D)0D)/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-@D)0D)
M28C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-@D)0D)2TE/]T9#X-@D)0D)/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X-@D)
M0D)28C

M=&]P/@T*0D)0D\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M.B`M



3!P=#LG/@T*

M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H)0D)0DR-4\
M+W1D/@T*0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/@T*0D)0D))B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-@D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-@D)0D)28C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H)0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-@D)0D)3$W)3PO=&0^#0H)

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^#0H)0D)0DF(S$V


M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-
M@D)0D)28C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-@D)0D)3$Y)3PO=&0^#0H)
M0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,B4^#0H)0D)0DF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*0D)0D))B,Q-C`[/]T

M9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*0D)0D)
3$E/]T9#X-@D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M0D\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H)0D)0DF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O



M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^

B4^#0H)0D)
M0DF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*0D)0D)
M)B

3(E/@T*0D)0D)
M
3
E/]T9#X-@D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M0D\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H)0D)0DF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D\
M=&0@86QI9VX]

M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^
M#0H)0D)0DF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/@T*0D)0D))B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
M@D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3X-@D)0D)28C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*0D)0D))B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-@D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3X-@D)0D)28C

T0P

!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K



M:61T:#TS1#$P



M:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H)0D),RD\+W1D/@T*0D)/'1D/@T*
F4Z(#$P<'0[
M;6%R9VEN.FEN:&5R:70[)SX-@D)0D)1F]R('1H92!Y96%R<R!E;F1E9!$

2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
BP@86QL(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY
M)B
X
C$W.W

N($EN(&%D9&ET




@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
M
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P







#L\+W1D/@T*
M0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-@D)0D)

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H)
M0D)0DR

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3X-@D)0D)28C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

#`P

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*0D)0D)
C`Q
CPO=&0^
M#0H)0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,B4^#0H)0D)0DF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*0D)3PO='(^#0H)0D)/'1R

3`E/@T*0D)0D)
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-@D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]





M+W1D/@T*0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*0D)0D))B

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*0D)0D)
C@E/]T9#X-
M@D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H)0D)0DS
4\+W1D/@T*0D)0D\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/@T*0D)0D))B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-@D)0D\+W1R

T1T;W`^#0H)0D)3QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3X-@D)0D)28C

M;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,35P=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I

T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*0D)0D))B

M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X-@D)0D)28C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H)0D)0DF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H)0D)
M0DR-4\+W1D/@T*0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/@T*0D)0D))B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-@D)0D\+W1R

T1T;W`^#0H)0D)3QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3X-@D)0D)28C


T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
35P



M9#X-@D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-@D)0D)28C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H)0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-@D)0D)3(Q)3PO=&0^#0H)

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^#0H)0D)0DF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*0D)
M0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*0D)0D))B

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*0D)0D)+24\+W1D/@T*0D)0D\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/@T*0D)0D))B




Q+`R
M,#$S(&%N9`R







M(S@R




M=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R


@;VX@=')A;G-F97(@;V8@9G5N
M9'

Y.5\S
S0W7S0P869?.#9F





CX\

T0Q


#$S/&)R/CPO


]


M9CLG('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)3X-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CY.

M0T]-34E4345.5%
@04Y$($-/3E1)3D=%3D-)15
F(S$V

MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^






T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/BAA




3!P=#LG






M97

@86YD('1H97)E869T97(@87
@
M;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W
Z/]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M9'1H/3-$

T1T;W`^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]

M97(@

M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


#`P

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B



38P.SPO


38P.SPO=&0^

M:60G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3Y4;W1A;#PO=&0^#0H@

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M('=I9'1H/3-$


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M


W+#$Y.0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C

M97(M=&]P+7=I9'1H.B`Q)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@.38L-#DQ#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
C`Q-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T

@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M-0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/B8C

38\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`U.2PR.3(-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M

M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-3DL,CDR#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

T1T;W`^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
C`Q-SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(#4Y+#(Y
@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XR
#$X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/E1H97)E869T
M97(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

3`E

M=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M9VX]

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\

M(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

3`E/B8C
M

M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CY4;W1A;#PO8CX-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M(`@(`@(#QB/B0\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


2PP
#(L
S$Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXD/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\


P
M
#`P
#`@

3`E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(8C

#

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`@

2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q

M('5N9&5R(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L96%S97
@86UO=6YT960@=&\@)#$Q-RPV-C0-





T1T
M;W`@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/BAB*3PO8CX-B`@(`@

T0G;6%R9VEN

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S


@;V8@=&AE(%!20RP@=&AE
M($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R

@86YD(%9)17
@:6X@=&AE


@96UP;&]Y965S+B!792!H879E(')E8V]R9&5D(&%C8W)U86QS



N($EF('1H92!04D


M97%U:7)E9!T;R!M86ME(&-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;G,@=&\@=&AE('-O8VEA;!I



M8V%B;&4@4%)#(&QA8F]R(&QA=W

M:&]R:71I97

@;VX@=7
@9F]R(&9A:6QU



@=&\@=&AE('-O8VEA






3!P=#L@8F]R


M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#4E.R!F;VYT+69A;6EL



3`L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&5N=&5R960@


@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDN/]P/@T*(`@(#QP(&%L:6=N





T1J=7-T:69Y('-T







M9FEN97







C`Q







S
T-U\T
&%F7S@V9C=?
M9F1A8F(Y
38W.#!A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(T
M.&
U8SDY7S

M+U-H965T

M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE





#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\

M92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K

M97

T0Q


X

F(S@R
C$[




@:7



@9F5A='5R:6YG







F4Z(#$P<'0[)SY$=7)I;F<@=&AE('EE
M87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$S(&%N9`R,#$R+!A;&P@;V8@
M=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R



M






M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M9VX]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M3TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,CY996%R($5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R
M(#,Q+`R
#$S/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO8CX-B`@(`@

M
#`P

B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R

#`P
#`P

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B


M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3XF(S$V

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D


M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@


M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

M:#TS1#DE/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@


M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

M=#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V

M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT^


M86QI9VX]

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\


M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N

#`P
M

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$



T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P


\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C


M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L

38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Y)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/B8C
38P







M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



M/3-$


T
@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.R`G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS

M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

#`P
#L@)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`R+#$X.PX,3D-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]

#`P
#L@)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

P
#`P

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P
#`P.R`G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@(`@

M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#L@)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`T
RPS-#@L.3@Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO

B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@


M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

Q-C`[


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Y)3XF(S$V

M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$



M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V








M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P
#`[

PR,#D-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

M;65D:75M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`@




CXD
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=


M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C

M
#`P
#L@.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=US='EL93IN;VYE.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=UW

M(&)G8V]L;W(]

#`P



T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]

#`P
#L@.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=US='EL93IN;VYE.R!B
M;W)D97(M;&5F=UW:61T:#IM961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`S




T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F
M=#H@



T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@;65D:75M(&YO;F4@(S`P
#`P
#L@)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!M961I
M=6T@;F]N92`C
#`P

M

M9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P


P
#`P
#`[(#L@8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT+7-T



M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P

M9&5R+6QE9G0M=VED=&@Z;65D:75M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!M961I=6T@;F]N92`C
#`P
M



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T0R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@
CDL.3@R+#4Y
@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9F]N=#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$


M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]


M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

T0G8F]R9&5R


T0C939E

M:#TS1#DE/B8C


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V





M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V




M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]


M

M;65D:75M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M

M.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


#`P
#L@)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P

T0G8F]R

M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


CXD



T0G8F]R

M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


CXD



T0G

M:75M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M
CXD/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`S


M

M;65D:75M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-

M/3-$.24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,3(Q+#(S-BPY-3,-B`@(`@(`@

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@



M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M.24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


M9VX]

P
#`P


C$L
C
V+#DU
PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@

M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3XF(S$V
M

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT


M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T
M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@



M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M9'1H/3-$.24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M9'1H/3-$.24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M


M.24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,2PS-C(L.#,R#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`U+#4Q-PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*


M(`@(`@(`@,2PS-SD-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#$P,RPW-C@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG

M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM
M;&5F=#H@


M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XD/]T

M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#DE/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L


#`P




#`P

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&-O;'-P86X]
T0W(&YO=W)A



M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&YO=W)A



38P.SPO


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B



T1C96YT

M/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3XF(S$V
#L\

M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

T1C


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R

M(`@(`@/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@


M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


M;65D:75M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0R


#`P
#L@.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=US='EL93IN
M;VYE.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=UW:61T:#IM961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

P
#`P
#`[(#L@8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT+7-T

\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


M.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO

P
M
#`P

M=VED=&@Z;65D:75M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
F4]
M,T0R/E5N86QL;V-A=&5D/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO8CX-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0R/D-O;G-O;&ED871E9#PO
M9F]N=#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO



Q

M='EL93H@;F]N93L@8F]R9&5R+7=I9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M;&4]

M=VED=&@Z(&UE9&EU;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93H@;F]N93L@8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@;65D:75M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Y)3XF(S$V

6QE.B!N;VYE
M.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=UW:61T:#H@;65D:75M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7-T

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C


T0G8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0M



24^)B

M9&EU;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93H@;F]N93L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;2UW:61T:#H@;65D:75M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL
M93H@;F]N93L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@;65D:75M)R!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

35P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6QE

L

3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@


P
#`P



M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]


#`P




M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S


24^#0H@



M
PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M='EL93H@;F]N93L@8F]R9&5R+7=I9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M

M(S`P
#`P



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V





M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P
#`[(#L@



Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@




T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`S-BPW-S$L




B4^
M)B

M9VX]




24^
M)B


M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M:#H@;65D:75M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

T0G

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M+7=I9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V






M
24^)B


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/B8C

M:61T:#H@;65D:75M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M


M96YT.B`M



3!P=#LG


M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P
#`[




T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M

M+7=I9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@;65D:75M
M(&YO;F4@(S`P
#`P

M
CXD/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS


M(`@(`@(`@,BPU,S4L-C(S#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V


M



M.PS,S0-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@


24^#0H@(`@(`@



M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$


T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XI/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

P
#`P


M;&4Z;F]N93L@8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT+7=I9'1H.FUE9&EU;3L@8F]R9&5R+71O



#`P
#L@.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F










M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B!M961I=6T@;F]N92`C
#`P



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3XF(S$V


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@;65D:75M(&YO;F4@
M(S`P
#`P

M

P
M
#`P




M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE(
P
#`P
#`[(#L@8F]R9&5R



M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!M961I=6T@;F]N92`C
#`P



M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!M
M961I=6T@;F]N92`C
#`P



M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@




T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3XF(S$V


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P



M/B8C


M;W`M=VED=&@Z;65D:75M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#(S+#8X,2PV-S$-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS



B4^)B
Q-C`[

M;65D:75M)R!V86QI9VX]









'0M:6YD96YT.B`M
M






M;65D:75M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#DQ+#4Y-PW
3$-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

M

P
M
#`P





@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('-T

M=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@



M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P
#`[(#L@8F]R9&5R+6QE



M(`@(`@
2PS.30L
#(W#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M92`C
#`P




M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P

M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M:#H@;65D:75M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\


M;65D:75M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P
#`[(#L@8F]R



M(`@(`@(`@(`@.34L-#
X+#`X.0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\




M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]

M;F]N93L@8F]R9&5R+7=I9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y
M)3XF(S$V




B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('-T

M=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=B

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3XF(S$V

T0G8F]R9&5R+7-T

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&)G8V]L;W(]

M93L@8F]R9&5R+7=I9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3XF
M(S$V




B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@



M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G
M8V]L;W(]

M8F]R9&5R+7=I9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C

M:61T:#H@;65D:75M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3XF(S$V
M




B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]





M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

M;65D:75M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D




M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M:61T:#H@;65D:75M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3XF(S$V
M


T0G8F]R9&5R+7-T

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y
M)3XF(S$V

T0G8F]R

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Y)3XF(S$V

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M:#IM961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO


M;65D:75M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


T0G
M=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@

M.B`Q


T0G8F]R

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]

M93H@;F]N93L@8F]R9&5R+7=I9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/B8C


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V



24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F

M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

T0G8F]R9&5R

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]

M;F]N93L@8F]R9&5R+7=I9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#DE/B8C


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V




24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('-T

M=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=B

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T0G8F]R9&5R+7-T

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&)G8V]L;W(]

M93L@8F]R9&5R+7=I9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#DE/B8C


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V





M;CH\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

T1L969T

M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


M

M9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P


M86QI9VX]

M9&5R+7=I9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C



M93L@8F]R9&5R+7=I9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C


T1T;W`^#0H@






M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=B

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

2PQ
M
C`L-#`X#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

T0G8F]R

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M:#H@;65D:75M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`U+#0Q
PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('-T

M=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@




24^#0H@(`@(`@


3
-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$

T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]

M9&5R+7=I9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E

M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

M93H@;F]N93L@8F]R9&5R+7=I9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$P-PR
S0-B`@(`@

M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M93H@;F]N93L@8F]R9&5R+7=I9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O






T0G
M=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@

M.B`Q

M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




T0G8F]R

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G8F]R9&5R+7-T

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M;F]N93L@8F]R9&5R+7=I9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C


34L.3$U#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

CXD/]F;VYT/@T*(`@




B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`S
34L

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^/'-P86X^


Y.5\S
M


M;G0]

2!R



M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q
SQB

]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C

T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\8CY.3U1%(#$Y/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#DR)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QB/E)%4U1224-4140@3D54($%34T544SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
M

M86XL=&EM97

3!P=#LG/E1H92!#;VUP86YY
M)B
X
C$W.W




M;F=S(&1E=&5R;6EN960@:6X@86-C;W)D86YC92!W:71H('1H92!A8V-O=6YT

@:6X@=&AE(%!20R!A;F0@










@8GD@





@86YD('-I




M86YC97


#0-B`@
M(`@(&UI;&QI;VXI(&5X8V5E9&5D#0H@(`@(`R-24@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A
M;GDF(S@R



M96%D(&EN(&-O;FIU;F-T:6]N('=I=&@@=&AE(&YO=&5S('1O('1H92!#;VUP
M86YY)B
X
C$W.W


M;B!C;VYD96YS960@;W(@;VUI='1E9X\+W`^#0H@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1J

M=&EM97

3!P=#LG/D%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R
M(#
Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R




3!P=#LG


M/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@

#`P

24^)B



3
\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

3(\
M+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L


M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M

3(E/B8C
M

B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T




M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

3(E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M;&4]
T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
35P=#L@


T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@


T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F
M=#H@



#`P
M

24^)B
Q

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@.3`L.34R+#(X.0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

T0G
M=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@

M.B`Q



M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q


M(`@(#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)#PO8CX-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`Y,PY-3(L
C@Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R


M4SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS


M=&EM97


M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@


M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

#
-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`U
C@L-3(X

M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S+'-E


\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M

34T
M+#
P
PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P

M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

3(V+#4W
`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M

M;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,35P=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ



38P.SPO

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-C4U+#(W
M,0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@


T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F
M=#H@



F(S@R

M(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I

M(!P87(@=F%L=64L#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+#`P,PP


M9`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
3$S+#`Q

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@

M(`@($-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:RP@)#`N,#`Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(!P
M87(@=F%L=64L#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q.3`L,#`P+#`P,`T*(`@



#$S.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
34L.3`W+#
X

2P@
C`Q
@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M
38L-#(R#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,34L.3`X#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A





M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,3DL.3,T+#4U,0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO


T1T

M96YT.B`M



3!P=#LG

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`T
RPU-34-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q

M

T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/BD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H-S@L-S8W#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

T0G
M=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@

M.B`Q

\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

24^)B
Q-C`[


M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#@U+#(R-BPX
3(-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`V
RPR.#4L.34U#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-


@;F5W




M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H

M(#4L-#8W+#`Q
@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@



M:60G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

3$V+#$X-2PV.3@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


M
3@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B0\
M+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

P
#`P
#`@
M

3(E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,3$W+#`W.PY
M
#0-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B0\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$




T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^,C`Q,SPO8CX-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N
M=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

C`Q
CPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3XF(S$V



M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.R8C

CL\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#LF(S@W
M

M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#Y!9&UI;FES=')A=&EV92!E

M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H,2PT
M-C@L,#0P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XI/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(@Q+#4Q

M86QI9VX]


T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q-S
-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`Q-#0L
C
X#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S@W,C([
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S@W,C([/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#$X+#8P.2PQ,38-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@

M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CY.970@:6YC;VUE

M86QI9VX]



M(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B0\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

P
#`P
#`@

T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q-RPR-#(L-S$Q
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^



M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V

Q+#PO8CX-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\

T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[

C`Q
SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M.B`C
#`P

M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/&(^,C`Q,CPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3XF(S$V



T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3XI/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M


M1-E-F5F9F8@=VED=&@],T0R)3XI/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y.970@8V%S:!P

\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`V
C$L
3`W#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


M/3-$

CL\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

M/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(@V-2PP-#0-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/BD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!O9B!Y96%R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L


M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S@W
C([/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('-T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P

M

CL\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@


M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@

M

CL\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-


Y.5\S
S0W


M


2!R;W=S



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




M93H@

M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^3D]4
M12`R
#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Y
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CY354)315%5

M=&%T:79E(&=U:61A;F-E+!W92!H879E(&5V86QU871E9!A;GD@979E;G1S

S$L
M(#(P
3
L('1H92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@8F%L86YC92!S:&5E=!D871E+!T


S$L
M(#(P
3







T1L969T/BAI*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#DU)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QD:78@86QI9VX]
T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(!/;B!*
M86YU87)Y(#(R+`R




T1T;W`^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XH:6DI/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$.34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I

M
C0L(#(P


M(`@(`@
RPU


X
C$W.W
@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M=&0@86QI9VX]

@:6YT;R!A('1O=&%L(&]F#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#0S+#4P




M960@4W1O8VL@8V]N=F5R=&5D#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L


M(`@(`@
3
L



M=BD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Y




M=&]C:R!D:79I9&5N9'
@:6YT;R!A('1O=&%L(&]F#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#(V-2PW



3@L(#(P


M;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W


M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8C0X8S5C.3E?
S
T-U\T
&%F7S@V
M9C=?9F1A8F(Y

O4VAE970R-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



]
T1R93X-







M





T1J=7-T

M97








M;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
M
C$W.W









M9!I;B!T:&4@86-C;VUP86YY:6YG(&9I;F%N8VEA;!S=&%T96UE;G1S('!U

@


2X@
M0F5C875S92!O9B!T:&4@8V]N=')A8W1U86P@87)R86YG96UE;G1S+!T:&4@

@





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I










@9'5R:6YG

@



M86QU97



]



-



@

@;W(@

M:6YV97-T;65N='



]

M($%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4-B`@(`@(`@(`\8G(O/@T*(`@(`@







M(`@(`\8CX-B`@(`@(`@/&D^#0H@(`@(`@(`@26YV96YT;W)I97
-




M871E(&]R('1O(&UA;F%G96UE;G0F(S@R

@8F%S960@




]

]


M:79A=&EV92!F:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N='
\+VD^#0H@(`@(`\+V(^
M#0H@(`@(`\8G(O/@T*(`@(`@5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@979A;'5A=&5S(&%L







@=&\@

@870@:6YC97!T:6]N


M0FQO8VM=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'`@86QI
M9VX]



3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@







M960@87





T0G8F]R9&5R+6-O

M
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$




M('=I9'1H/3-$


\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-0T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V






T1T;W`^26YT86YG:6)L






X
C$W
M.W

@:6YC;'5D92!A('1E;BUY96%R(&5X8VQU




M=W



3!P=#L@8F]R9&5R+6-O

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^57-E9G5L($QI9F4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^*$EN('EE87)S*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

24^)B
Q

M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO

M9G1W87)E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#0-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C




M86X@1V]O9'=I;&PF(S@R

@
S4P+3
P+3



@
S4P*2P@=&AE($-O;7!A
M;GD@87-S97-S97










X
C$W.W
@97-T:6UA=&5D(&9A:7(@=F%L



]



@;W(@8VAA




M=6YT960@8F%S:7




@87)E

M:7


]
T1T


M;CPO:3X-B`@(`@(#PO8CX-B`@(`@(%)E=F5N=64@:7


@;V-C=7)R960L('1H92!S96QL:6YG('!R

M:71Y(&ES(')E87-O;F%B;'D@87-S=7)E9X-B`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@/'`@
M86QI9VX]



3!P=#LG/E-A;&5S
M(')E=F5N=64@:7












X
C(P.T-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;B`F(S@R
M
3$[(%-T;V-K($-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;B8C.#(R


M;7!L;WEE97




@:6X@86-C;W)D86YC92!W:71H($9!


M97
F(S@R








@;F5W

M(#QB/@T*(`@(`@(`\:3X-B`@(`@(`@(!);F-O;64@=&%X97,-B`@




M;W!I8R`W-#`L(8C.#(R,#M);F-O;64@5&%X97,F(S@R,C$[+B!&05-($%3





M='

2!D:69F97)E;F-E

M;&EA8FEL:71I97








M-#`M
3`M








M8V]S='





-B`@(`@(`@(`\



M871I=F4@97AP96YS97



@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P
3(L


M=&5X=#XG/'`@86QI9VX]



3!P



2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q


]


M86QI9VX]



3!P=#LG/@T*(`@
M(`@/&(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(%-H:7!P:6YG(&%N9!H




@96YD960@1&5C96UB
M97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P


]

]


M(`@(!&05-($%30R!4;W!I8R`R,C`L(8C.#(R

M($EN8V]M928C.#(R

M;W)T:6YG(&%N9!D:7-P;&%Y:6YG(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE(&%N
M9!I='




]





M
#M54R0F(S@R

N(%1H92!04D


M:&EN97-E(%)E;FUI;F)I(@F(S@R,C`[4DU)B
X
C(Q.RDL(&)E:6YG('1H





@87)E('1R86YS;&%T960@870@879E



M;G-L871I;VX@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R


@86-C=6UU;&%T960@;W1H97(@8V]M
3H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N








T1B

M.B`M



3!P=#LG/B8C
M

M86QI9VX]

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q-24^1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3

M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/D1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R/]T9#X-B`@(`@


T0G=&5X
M=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@

M

D
0T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`]4DU-BXP.38Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M4R0Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#U234(V+C(X-34-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO



M9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(!54R0Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#U234(V+C$Y,S(-B`@


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S



@9&]L






M(`@/&)R+SX-B`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@/]B/@T*(`@(`@5&AE

#M3



@86)O=70@86QL;V-A=&EN9R!R
M97-O=7)C97



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S+'-E


@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@
M86YD(#(P








@96YD
M960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P









@;V8@1D%30B!!4T
@5&]P:6
@



M('1H92!P97)I;V0N($1I;'5T960@96%R;FEN9W



M('-E8W5R:71I97




]

M='
@86YD(&-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97
\+VD^#0H@(`@(`\+V(^#0H@(`@(!4

TR,P@
M)B
X


3L@:6X@9&5T97)M:6YI






@8V]U;&0@8F4@:6YC

]
M




3
L('1H92!&:6YA;F-I86P@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N
M9&%R9'

X
C(Q.RD@:7-S=65D($%C8V]U

C`Q
RTP-2P@1F]R96EG;B!#

@


M




3
M
M




M=&EO;B!O9B!T:&4@9F]R96EG;B!E;G1I='D@:6X@=VAI8V@@=&AE('-U8G-I

C`Q

@.#$P+3$P(&EF('1H

M;G1I='DL(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!B;W1H(@Q*2!E=F5N=',@=&AA=!R97-U;'0@






M4U4@
C`Q




@57!D871E($YO
M+B`R

3
M
M








@=&AA=!W;W5L9!R97-U

M92!T87@@;&%W(&1O97






C`Q


'!E8W0@05-5(#(P,3,M,3$@=&\@
M:&%V92!A('-I9VYI9FEC86YT(&EM<&%C=!O;B!I='







;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B-#AC-6
Y.5\S
S0W




M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M4%1)3TX@3T8@0E5324Y%4U
@04Y$($]21T%.25I!5$E/3B`H5&%B;&5S*3QB


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'


2P@
C`Q
M

]

T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D97(M8V]L;&%P

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@


M9VX]

M:61T:#TS1#$W)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B



M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$W)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B


T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

T1C96YT

M/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q-R4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\8CYE9F9E8W1I=F4\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@

M

#`P
#`P(#%P

24^)B


M9VX]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]

T1C96YT97(@;F]W

38P

#`P

24^)B



M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$W)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q-R4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

\+W4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C139%1D9&('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B

M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C139%1D9&('=I
M9'1H/3-$

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C139%1D9&('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

T0R)3XF(S$V

T0Q-R4^)B


M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O

M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`@=VED=&@],T0Q-R4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$,24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$


M


M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$



=&0-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&)R+SX-B`@(`@(`@


T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\



T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C139%1D9&('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V
M149&1B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V149&1B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(T4V149&1B!W:61T:#TS1#$W)3Y(;VQD:6YG(&-O;7!A;GD@;V8@=&AE(&]T

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^




B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]






MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@*8C.#(R

T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

M=&0@86QI9VX]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C139%1D9&('=I
M9'1H/3-$

3`P)0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V149&
M1B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V149&1B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V
M149&1B!W:61T:#TS1#$W)3Y(;VQD:6YG(&-O;7!A;GD@;V8@2&%R8FEN($)A
M:7AI;CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(T4V149&1B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@





M
3!P=#LG/B8C

T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$
M


M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C


#L\

T1T
M;W`@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T1T;W`@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q-R4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M(`@(@F(S@R
C`[2&%R8FEN($)A:7AI;B8C.#(R
3LI#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C139%1D9&('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

#M04D
F(S@R
C$[*2P-B`@(`@

M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C139%1D9&('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C139%1D9&('=I9'1H/3-$
M

T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M149&1B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(T4V149&1B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V149&1B!W:61T:#TS





M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$


38P.SPO


#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M-R4^)B

M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V149&1CX-B`@(`@(`@

M245S/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V149&1B!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M1D8@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG


M8V]L;W(]
T0C139%1D9&('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M=&@]
T0Q-R4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C139%1D9&('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C139%1D9&
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B


M96YT.B`M



3!P=#LG
M/B8C

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$

M

M1#(E/B8C

M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

#L\+W1D/@T*

T1T;W`@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q-R4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO


M;&]P;65N=!#;RXL($QT9`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8G(O/@T*(`@(`@


T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V149&1B!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

#`P+#`P
`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C139%1D9&('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M1B!W:61T:#TS1#$W)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$P

M-D5&1D8@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A





M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`@=VED=&@],T0Q-R4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$


38P


#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


C`[1&%Q:6YG(%-H

C$[*0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V
M149&1B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(T4V149&1B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

#`P+#`P
`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C139%1D9&('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T0Q
M)3XF(S$V

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V149&1B!W:61T:#TS1#$W)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$P
M

T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

T0Q-R4^1W)O=VEN9R!A


@=VED

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

T1C96YT
M97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q-R4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/]T



0RX-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/&)R+SX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@*8C.#(R,#M(87)B:6X@4VAU
M86EY:28C.#(R,3LI#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C139%
M1D9&('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C139%1D9&('=I9'1H/3-$


M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(T4V149&1B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

2PU
#`L
#`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M;W(]
T0C139%1D9&('=I9'1H/3-$

3`P)0T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V149&1B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V149&1B!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F



S
T
M-U\T
&%F7S@V9C=?9F1A8F(Y

O4VAE970R.2YH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






]

I

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

M1%5
12!/1B!54T5&54P@3$E615

M)SQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M.B`Q



T0Q
#`E

T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
6QE/3-$
M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@57-E9G5L($QI9F4-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\8G(O/@T*(`@(`@(`@(A);B!Y96%R<RD-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


M(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`T,`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



M(`@(`@(`U#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(#$P#0H@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y/9F9I8V4@97%U
M:7!M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M(#4-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V


T1T;W`^4T-(1415
M3$4@3T8@55-%1E5

M)SQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M.B`Q



T0Q
#`E

T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/E5S969U;!,:69E/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V

M=&]M/B8C

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R

T1B;W1T;VT^17AC
M;'5S:79E(')I9VAT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F=C;VQO


M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS

M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


]

(%-4
M051%345.5%


M

!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(&)L



M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P
4^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S

#L\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@


2P@
M
C`Q


#`P

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/D1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*

M8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T

R4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(!54R0Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@/5)-0C8N,C@U-0T*(`@(`@(`\

M/5)-0C8N
3DS
@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


M8C0X8S5C.3E?
S
T-U\T
&%F7S@V9C=?9F1A8F(Y
38W.#!A#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(T.&
U8SDY7S
S-#=?-#!A9E\X-F8W

S`N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M



]



T0P(&-E;&QS

!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT



M1#$P
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R-R4^#0H@(`@(`@(#QB/D1E8V5M
M8F5R(#,Q+#PO8CX-B`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/]T<CX-B`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P





T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/D%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@-38L.3(R#0H@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@.#$L-#DW#0H@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG

M.B`C
#`P

M
24^)B

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P




M;&4G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@(`@(`\8CXD
M/]B/@T*(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('-T

P
#`P
#`@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`\8CX-B`@(`@
M(`@(`U-BPY,C(-B`@(`@(`@/]B/@T*(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@/&(^)#PO8CX-B`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B-#AC-6
Y
M.5\S


M=#



M97%U:78]


]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M24Y614Y43U))15



]

M)SQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M.B`Q



T0Q
#`E

#`P
#`P(#%P

24^)B

M
2P\+V(^#0H@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#PO

M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(#QB/C(P
3
\+V(^#0H@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#(T,PT.3@-B`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E

M
C$L



#0L
3DP#0H@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


M:60G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L


M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#PO='(^


M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@

M/3-$
24^#0H@(`@(`@(#QB/B0\+V(^#0H@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@/&(^)#PO8CX-B`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(#PO=&%B;&4^/'-P


Y
M.5\S


M;G1E;G0]


M


]


T1T;W`^4T-(14153$4@3T8@4%)%4$%9345.5%
@04Y$($]4
M2$52(%)%0T5)5D%3$53(%M486)L92!497AT($)L;V-K73PO=&0^#0H@(`@

T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S

T0Q

M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E


T1B;W1T;VT^)B

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P




#$R/]B/@T*(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M
2PS
3`L
3$R#0H@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@($]T:&5R(')E
M8V5I=F%B;&5S+!N970@;V8@)&YI;`T*(`@(`@(!A;&QO=V%N8V4-B`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

C@L
M
S0P#0H@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

24^)B
Q-C`[

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(#$Q+#8Q-`T*(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M

B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V


M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`\8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`Q+#,P
M,PP
3(-B`@(`@(`@/]B/@T*(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@/&(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
2PS
C$L-S(V#0H@(`@
M(`@(#PO8CX-B`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T

P
#`P
#`[



M-#AC-6
Y.5\S


M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4








]




M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C


#`P
#`P


S$L/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
!S;VQI9<@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^,C`Q,SPO8CX-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXR
M
#$R/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
2PV
CD-B`@(`@(`@(`\

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L-3@P#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P

T1T
M;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

M;W-T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

3(E/@T*

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE


T1R

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XI/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


M;W5B;&4G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/&(^)#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#$L-34R+#`R
@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

12!/1B!%4U1)34%4
M140@15A014Y312!/1B!42$4@24Y404Y'24)
12!!4U-%5%
@6U1A8FQE(%1E



M






24^)#PO

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@-#DR+#
P-`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@

#$U/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@-#DR+#
P
M
PT*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@


M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q
C
L
3
P#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*


M:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O

3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/&(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L

M/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^


M-6
Y.5\S







M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]



]

M5!!3D0@15%525!-14Y4(%M486)L92!497AT($)L;V-K73PO=&0^#0H@(`@

T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S

T0Q


T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M8CXR
#$R/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^0V]S=#H\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^

M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[3V9F
M:6-E(&5Q=6EP;65N=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#(Y+#(Q
PT*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q

M-F5F9F8@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#$S-RPX
34-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

3(E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@
3
S+#8X
`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@


T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$Q.2PR-#8-B`@(`@(`@(`\

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q
34L-C8X#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y4;W1A;!C;W-T
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M(`@(`@(`@,C`L,#8Y+#@Y,@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[


T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M:60G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(@T+#4X.PV-#
-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A




M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/BD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^3F5T(&)O;VL@=F%L=64\+V(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('-T

P
#`P
#`@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,34L-#@Q+#(T.0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]B
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B0\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]










@04Y$(%1!

3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P
3








MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(S$V

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&-O;'-P86X]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]

2P\+V(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXR
#$S/]B/@T*(`@

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^
C`Q
M
CPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M/3-$

3(E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@
2PP.#8L-C0T#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+#0R-RPW.3(-B`@(`@(`@(`\


MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`X
M
2PS
3
-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B



M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#-P




T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M.B`C
#`P

2PQ
M.3@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


M97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D

@;F5W

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXR,#$S/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
!S;VQI9<@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^,C`Q,CPO8CX-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/]T



B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XW-38L-3(U/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XR+#
Q-BPR-C$\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/C(L
3(P+#$Q-CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M9VX]

M/3-$
B4^)B

M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)#PO8CX-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('-T

P
#`P
#`@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^
BPX
M-SDL

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P










T0Q


#$S/&)R/CPO







M.B`M



3!P=#LG/E!R


M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`S+#4R-PS-#(-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L



M96YT.B`M



3!P=#LG

@=&\@4V5R:65S($

@
M=&\@:6YV97-T;W)S/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`H-S$X+#8Y.`T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O



35P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#$U




@=&\@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(@Q+#$T
RPQ
M.3@-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XI
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I



T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@,2PQ
M-#,L,3DX#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


@;F5W

M:6)L92!397)I97

S$L(#(P
3`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1T;W`^

35P=#L@;6%R

M=&EM97


T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@*#@U
M+#4T-@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/BD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/]T



M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z
M(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@



Y
@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/BD\+W1D


M.B`M



3!P=#LG/D-O


2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M

M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`R+#`S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


35P=#L@

M86XL=&EM97

3!P=#LG/E!R;V-E961S(&]F

#$P/]P/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
BPQ
M
C$L.3

M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


@;F5W



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@*#0Q.PV-C@-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XI/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C





T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`H-C0T+#4S
@T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C



M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

24^
M)B

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S

@

M870@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QP

35P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#$U




T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@*#$L,#4R+#$V,@T*(`@



M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1T;W`^

35P=#L@;6%R

M=&EM97


T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@*#$P
M-PT.3`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XI/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-


@;F5W(')O;6%N

M97)I97

S$L(#(P
3(\

24^
M)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`U-#8L-C$X#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS


M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

3(E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(@V-RPQ-#$-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XI/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS


@

M97)T:6)L92!397)I97

M
S$L(#(P
3

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C


24%24Q)5$E%4R!;5&%B;&4@5&5X=!;&]C:UT\+W1D/@T*(`@

]




T1T

M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^5V%R

M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q-#0L-#$Q#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]





M:#TS1#$E/B8C

M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XI
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y86QA;F-E(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F


24^)B
Q-C`[


MB`@(`@(`@(`Q-S
-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/D-H86YG92!I;B!F86ER('9A;'5E(&EN8VQU9&5D(&EN


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

3(E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(@Q-S
-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XI/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3Y86QA;F-E(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$S/]T9#X-B`@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P






M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M9VX]

M:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\8CY796EG:'1E9#PO8CX-B`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QB/D%V97)A
M9V4\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&YO



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V

M8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V

T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QB/D5X97)C:7-E/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&(^0V]N=')A8W1U86P@3&EF93PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C


38P.SPO=&0^

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\8CYS:&%R
M97

#`P
#`P

24^)B
Q-C`[






T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]

M;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,35P=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

#$R/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q+#4X.PU,#$-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
RXU
`T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

CD-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

3`E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R

M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]


T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`H-3`P+#`P,`T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/BD\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
RXV
PT*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QP

35P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#$U




M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M9'1H/3-$
24^)B


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V





M
3!P=#LG/D]U='-T86YD:6YG(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R/]P/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`Q+#`X.PU
#$-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@,RXT-`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

3`E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#`N-#4-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M9VX]

M



3!P=#LG/D=R86YT

M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H


T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G
M:6XM;&5F=#H@


T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`H

M9'1H/3-$

24^)#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`S
M+C0T#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O

T1B;W1T;VT^


M/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('-T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

3`E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`M
M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]

M;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,35P=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

M
2P@
C`Q
SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M=&0@86QI9VX]

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\8CXD/]B/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N



M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*



2P@
C`Q

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P


M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\8CXD/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C

24^)B
Q-C`[












]

M92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T

M97

T0Q


M=VED=&@]


M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#`N,3(E#0H@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^/'-P86X^

M1%5

M#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M

T1N;W=R
M87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M=&0@86QI9VX]


M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N

T1C96YT97(@;F]W



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$



38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&(^5V5I9VAT960M($%V
M97)A9V4\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V


T1C96YT97(@;F]W

38P


T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QB/D-O;G1R86-T=6%L($QI9F4\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&(^4VAA

M;W=R87`]

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

T1N

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

#`P
#`P






P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M.B`M



3!P=#LG/B8C
M

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R

M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]


M
#$R/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`Q-3`L
#`P#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

3`E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#,N-3`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@)B

M9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#,N,C4-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/]T







3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.R`F(S$V

M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS


@

M
#L@)B

M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

M9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L





#L@)B

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^


T0G=&5X=UI;F1E
M;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@


M)B


M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C

M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V



2P@
C`Q

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@
34P+#`P
`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`S+C4P#0H@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(T-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`R+C(U#0H@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@

T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@-S4L,#`P#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#`N
C@-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M.38L-S4P#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@
RXP.`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG

T1B



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R


T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M
M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@




M
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P

M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

3`E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R


T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M
M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@


M870@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M86QI9VX]

M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`R
C4L
#`P#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T1R

M1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Y-BPW-3`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P



T0G
M=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@

M.B`Q

S$L(#(P
3
\+W`^

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

B4^)B
Q

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
2XU-PT*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C


M92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T

M97

T0Q


M871E/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@

T0U
4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@
C4L
#`P#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$-3`E
M/D1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\
M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@
M=VED=&@]
T0U
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
C4L
#`P#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

M

M1-E-F5F9F8@=VED=&@],T0U,4^1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3$\+W1D/@T*

M-2PP


M/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$-3`E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#(U+#`P,`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#4P)3Y$96-E

2P@
C`Q
CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R('9A

`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#4P)3Y*=6YE(#,P+`R
M


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B]B-#AC-6
Y.5\S

&$O





]


T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]

T0Q


#$S/&)R/CPO


M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V


M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&(^,C`Q,SPO8CX-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&YO



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

C`Q
CPO
M8CX-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M+#(R
@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C

24^)#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`V+#0S
M.PY-C`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V


M='1O;2UW:61T:#H@

24^)B
Q

T0G




M+7=I9'1H.B`Q)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\


M9VAT+7=I9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@;65D:75M(&YO;F4@(S`P
#`P
#L@.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]

M;F]N93L@8F]R9&5R+7=I9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M1#$E/B8C

M(S$V

M;&4]

M9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q

P
#`P
#`[(#L@8F]R9&5R+71O


@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C


#`P


T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`V+#0S
M.PY-C`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


M54Q%($]&(%)%0T].0TE
24%424].($]&(%1(12!04D]625-)3TX@1D]2($E.






38P

M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C


T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


T1T;W`^#0H@

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\8CXR
#$R/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V

M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T

G('9A



T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M

G('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`R


B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*




M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#,T)0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#,T)0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'`@

T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
35P


M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@
3`L
3DT+#`X
0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P


M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO

M9VX]

M;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,35P=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C

M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\

M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
M



M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@-30R+#@X-`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M
RPV
3@-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

35P



3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.R`F
M(S$V

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M*#4Y#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(@T.2PP
M-#$-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XI
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I

#L@)B
Q-C`[4F%T

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@*#(L.#,P+#4S.0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/BD\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`H,BPR
M-30L,C@X#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\

T1B;W1T;VT^


38P


M1#$E/B8C

M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


#
-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


M/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M9VX]

P
#`P
#`@
W!X

24^)#PO=&0^#0H@


X+#DV
`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C







@87

M9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS

T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]


2P\

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\

B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(S$V

M9VX]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q


M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

C`Q
CPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q+#
P

T1T;W`^

M9VX]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M9'1H/3-$

C4-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]

MB`@(`@(`@(`H
2PS
#`L-#DR#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^
M*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

3(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

M=&0@86QI9VX]

MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P










]

M#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
C4E/EEE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,24^,C`Q,SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&YO=W)A


#`P

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E/C(P
3(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XM($YE=!I;F-O;64\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q-RPR-#(L-S$Q#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y





38P

M*#(P
PS.#(-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XI/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`R,2PY-#`L.#4W#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q-RPP
M-#(L

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@,C(Y+#4Q,PT*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

C`P+#
X
@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT^26YC;VUE(&%V86EL86)L


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

P
#`P
#`@

M9'1H/3-$


M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R



M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XM0F%S:6
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q-2PY-#DL-3

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
34L-#4S+#8U-@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT^+2!%9F9E8W0@;V8@9&EL

M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
2PQ
C@L-#`V#0H@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@,2PQ-#,L,3`Q#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@,RPX-S@-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`S+#(Y-@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*


M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@-RPV,SD-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

3$E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(T-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


M/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#-P

T0C939E

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L

3$E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#$W
M+#`X.2PT-C`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
M
#`@

24^)B
Q


M9&]U8FQE)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@,38L-C`P+#`U,PT*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3XF(S$V


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XM0F%S:6
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#$N,S@-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L

24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

3`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M

M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


MB`@(`@(`@(`Q+C
P#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@,2XP-`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^


M-6
Y.5\S







M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]



]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@


12!/1B!$544@5$\@4D5


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$




M
T0Q



M;&4]
T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
35P=#L@



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&(^1&5C
M96UB97(@,S$L/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M(`@(`@/&(^1&5C96UB97(@


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
6QE.B!N
M;VYE.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=UW:61T:#H@;65D:75M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('-T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

MB`@(`@(`@(`\8CXR
#$S/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M=&0@86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@

T1B


M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

3(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C





M=VED=&@Z(#
G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S

M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D

M(#
G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q
M-3`L
#

M
B4^)B

;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B-#AC-6
Y.5\S
S0W7S0P869?.#9F-U]F9&%B8CDQ




]

T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S





!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L


L


MB`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XR
#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^
C`Q
CPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C

M/@T*(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(#(T)0T*(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@,C0E#0H@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V



M5!215!215-%3E1%1`Q
4@3U(@34]212!/1B!43U1!3!!0T-/54Y44R!2






M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(W)3Y097)C96YT86=E(&]F
M(&%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@87
@;V8\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT

38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XR

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^
C`Q
CPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C

M/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG

M(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,35P=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V


4-B`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(#4Y
M)0T*(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\

M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`R-R4-B`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(TE#0H@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(#QP('-T







3(E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`R-4-B`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(#$W)0T*(`@

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q





T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(#$Y)0T*(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@,3$E#0H@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(#QP('-T






M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@,3,E#0H@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG


35P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6QE

L


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


M3T-54D5-14Y4(%M486)L92!497AT($)L;V-K73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

T0G8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B!B

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M

T1B;W1T;VT^

35P=#L@;6%R

M=&EM97

3!P=#LG/DAE:6QO;F=J:6%N9R!8

M9X\+W`^#0H@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`R.4-B`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(#


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

R4-B`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(#(T)0T*(`@

Q-C`[






C$E#0H@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M

M)0T*(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

S
T-U\T
&%F7S@V
M9C=?9F1A8F(Y
38W.#!A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+V(T.&
U8SDY7S


M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O


]



T1T;W`^4T-(
M14153$4@3T8@1E5455)%($U)3DE-54T@4D5.5$%
(%!!64U%3E13($9/4B!/

T0G8F]R9&5R+6-O

M=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B

M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A


T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P


M8F]T=&]M/C(P
30\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@



M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

3DY#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E

M=&]P+7=I9'1H.B`Q)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M



M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^,C`Q-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#4Y+#(Y,@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q,PU.3
-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@-CDL.#@U
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
C`Q-CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#4Y+#(Y

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#4Y+#(Y
M,@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/C(P

M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`U.2PR.3(-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`U.2PR.3(-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XR


M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@-3DL
CDR#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M

#`P

24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@-S`U+#@U


38P.SPO=&0^

M:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q


M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QB/E1O=&%L/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B0\
M+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R

M;&4G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QB/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`T-RPW.3(-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO8CX-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P
#`@

M

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B

#


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B
M-#AC-6
Y.5\S

&$O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS

]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


12!/1B!3

]
T1T97AT


M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P

M
24^)B


38P.SPO=&0^

#`P

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

2P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO8CX-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P


M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XF(S$V

M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$
B4^)B


T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M=&0@86QI9VX]

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M

M
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M=&0@86QI9VX]

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/B8C

T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M.24^)B



M($9O;V0\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CX-B`@(`@

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S

#L\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A


T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T1C96YT97(@

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M

M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V


T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P


M8V%T960\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,CY#;VYS;VQI9&%T960\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@


M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M.24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R


M
T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
35P=#L@9F]N

M:7IE.B`Q

T0R/E-E




B4^)B

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`W+#0W

M/3-$
B4^)B


M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O



M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V



M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

M.B!N;VYE.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M/3-$.24^)B



M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]


T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
35P


M
T0R/E-E9VUE;G0@:6YC;VUE(&)E9F]R92!I;F-O;64@=&%X97
\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]


#`P
#L@)R!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M

M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
C8L.#8P+#(P.0T*


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M



M=VED=&@Z;65D:75M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`R-S8L
M,#(T#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

P
#`P
#`[(#L@

M:75M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P
#`[(#L@


M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

#`P
#L@.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=US='EL
M93IN;VYE.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=UW:61T:#IM961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

#`P
#L@)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]

T0R/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`R.2PY.#(L-3DR#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@

M=&%X97
\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M4BU3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE(
P
#`P

M9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y
M)3XF(S$V

M;&4]


B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@



M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL


M;VYE.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=UW:61T:#IM961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@;65D:75M(&YO;F4@
M(S`P
#`P


M)B


M

M:'0M=VED=&@Z;65D:75M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3XF
M(S$V

M

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


M.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=UW:61T:#IM961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M

BPU.3(-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


@;F5W

#L\





M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]

M;F]N93L@8F]R9&5R+7=I9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C


T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/B8C

M8V]L;W(]
6QE.B!N




M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
6QE.B!N;VYE.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=UW:61T:#H@;65D:75M.R!B;W)D97(M

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]


M:61T:#IM961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/B8C
38P

M(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]


M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]


M=&EM97


M='
\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

#`P
#L@)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]

M

PT*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M;W)D97(M=&]P+7=I9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C

24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.R`G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#DE/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@-C(L-3`Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+#
Q
RPQ
M.30-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.R`G('9A;&EG


M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#L@)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#(L
#`Y+#`X-0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T

M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C


24^#0H@

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.R`G('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
3(Q+#(S-BPY-3
-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]




#L\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-







M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@

\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Y)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L

#`P
M
#L@)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

#`P
#L@)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]

T0R/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`Q,C$L,C,V+#DU,PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]F;VYT/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP('-T





3!P=#LG/B8C

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#DE/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$


M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Y)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@


M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N



M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+#
V
BPX
S(-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]

M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@-2PU


T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS

M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@

M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M9F]N=#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#DE/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@


B4^)B
Q


T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M



3!P=#LG/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L@

M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Y)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#DE/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N

M.24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT('-I

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q

]

M8F]R9&5R/3-$

M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

24^)B
Q-C`[

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B




38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^)B


T1C96YT97(@

M

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\

T1N



M86QI9VX]

M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B

T1C

M1#DE/B8C



M


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B



M;&5F=!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&YO


M/B8C

M:60@(S`P
#`P




P
#`P

M+6QE9G0M=VED=&@Z;65D:75M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V

M;W=R87`]

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
7!X('-O

M1#DE/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT('-I


M;W=R87`]



M
B4^)B
!S
M;VQI9`C
#`P


M
24^)B
!S
M;VQI9`C
#`P


T1C96YT97(@
!S

T1C96YT97(@

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QB/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
CY5

M

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93H@;F]N93L@
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@;65D:75M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V

M;W=R87`]

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;2US='EL93H@;F]N93L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@;65D:75M
M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/B8C






B4^)B




M93H@;F]N93L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@;65D:75M)R!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3XF(S$V



M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
6QE.B!N
M;VYE.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=UW:61T:#H@;65D:75M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93H@;F]N93L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T
M:#H@;65D:75M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M



M1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(]

M;&4@(S`P
#`P




B4^)B
Q




T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H

P
#`P



-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`R+#$Q
RPR
M-C
-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

#`P



M(S$V

M

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


M=&@Z;65D:75M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`@

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P
M





M;F]N93L@8F]R9&5R+7=I9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
6QE/3-$

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M;F]N93L@8F]R9&5R+7=I9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
6QE/3-$

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M;F]N93L@8F]R9&5R+7=I9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P

T1T
M;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I







T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Y)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#(R+#8Q.2PW
38-B`@(`@(`@(`\

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C

P
M
#`P




T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
BPU
S4L-C(S#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]

M9&5R+7=I9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O



M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F
M;VYT/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@;65D
M:75M(&YO;F4@(S`P
#`P


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`H
2PU
M.3(L
#`R#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M93H@;F]N93L@8F]R9&5R+7=I9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/BD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE





M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#(S+#8X
M
2PV-S$-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS


M+7)I9VAT+7=I9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@

35P=#L@;6%R9VEN

M97

3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M;65D:75M(&YO;F4@(S`P
#`P





T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG



B4^)B
Q


24^)B


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@





M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@;65D:75M(&YO;F4@(S`P
#`P





T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A



B4^
M)B


M=&@Z;65D:75M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\


#`P
#L@.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F



M(`@(`@(`@(`\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M93L@8F]R9&5R+7=I9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT




M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

T0C

M9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P

M(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]

M='EL93H@;F]N93L@8F]R9&5R+7=I9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/B8C

T0C939E

M.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO


M93H@;F]N93L@8F]R9&5R+7=I9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T0C939E9F9F

M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]

M;F]N93L@8F]R9&5R+7=I9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

T0C939E9F9F('-T

M=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


M9VX]


M=&EM97


M='
\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

#`P


M=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P










T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#8V+#`V
@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=B

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@;65D
M:75M(&YO;F4@(S`P
#`P



M9'1H/3-$.24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+#

M=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P



CXD



P
#`P






M(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F



M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S


M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M:61T:#H@;65D:75M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0G8F]R


M
T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
35P=#L@9F]N

M:7IE.B`Q

T0R/E1O

T0G

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


M;65D:75M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G8F]R9&5R

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V



M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V



M/3-$
24^)B


T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P



M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C



T0G

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@


@;F5W(')O;6%N

#L\+W`^#0H@









M9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP

35P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#$U



3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$





24^
M)B



T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS



24^)B
Q-C`[



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@



24^)B



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V

M

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B


M:#H@;65D:75M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

T0G8F]R

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M:75M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*





24^)#PO




PT,#@-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

T0G

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




M/3-$
B4^)B




B4^)B



T0G8F]R9&5R

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXD/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L




M
B4^)B





M86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y



M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$U+#DQ-0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V



M

M;&4]


M(S$V

T1L

M.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@(`@



M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

Y.5\S
S0W7S0P869?.#9F-U]F



M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N

]

]



T1T;W`^4T-(14153$4@3T8@0T].
M1$5.4T5$($)!3$%.0T4@4TA%1513(%M486)L92!497AT($)L;V-K73PO=&0^

T0G8F]R

M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M

M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



T1C

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXR
#$R/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE


M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]





M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

35P=#L@;6%R

M=&EM97




T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*


M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CX-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,3$W+#`W.PY
#0-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO8CX-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
M


T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`@(`@.3`L.34R+#(X.0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M
M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@


M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B


T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP('-T






Z/]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP('-T






\+W`^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@



M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`W
S@L.3`S#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#4R

M/3-$
B4^)B


T1L969T('9A

M:6YD96YT.B`M



3!P


M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C


M(`@(`@(#$U-PS,#,-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`Q

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M

M
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]






T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M



RPR
#8-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`V-34L

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\




T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO


M=&]C:RP@)#`N


3`L
#8V#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(!S:&%R97



T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

M
T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
35P=#L@9F]N

M:7IE.B`Q

M



38L

34L.#8S+#@R

M
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`Q-BPT,C(-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C



24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`Q.2PY
S0L-34Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$Y+#`R.2PU.#8-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO



2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-

M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-

M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]





24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`X-2PR
C8L.#$R#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#8S+#(X-2PY-34-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

T1R:6=H

M-S8L-#DW#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

#$R#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO

T1T;W`^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]





T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P



M(`@(`@(#$Q-BPQ.#4L-CDX#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@.3`L
CDW+#`Q.`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@


F(S@R



T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M(`@(`Q


M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

#`P
M


]
T1R


]




#`P

M=VED=&@]
T0R-R4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CY996%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M
M8F5R(#
Q+#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B


P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/C(P
M
3
\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1C96YT97(@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

#`P
M

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M.B`C
#`P

T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\8CXR
#$R/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#LF(S@W
C([/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[)B
X-S(R.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@

M
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`H
2PT-C@L
#0P#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^*3PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$W
M
PT*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$



M17%U:71Y(&EN(&EN8V]M92!O9B!S=6)S:61I87)I97
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`R
RPV
M
S@L
C
W#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


3(E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@
3@L-C`Y+#$Q-@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(#QB/DYE=!I;F-O;64\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@


M(`@(#QB/B0\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P




M
0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


M3E-%1!35$%414U%3E0@3T8@0T%32!&3$]74R!;5&%B;&4@5&5X=!;&]C



3!P=#L@8F]R


T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T0T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R-R4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CY9
M96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/C(P
3
\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M:60G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

\+W1D

B4^
M*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`H-C0S

M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/BD\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/DYE=!C87-H

M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]

M=&EV:71I97
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C


M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`H-C4L
M
#0T#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M1#$R)3XF(S@W
C([/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@





M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
X-S(R.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M


U8SDY7S
S







]




M
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q



]

#`L


]
T1N=6UP/C$Y





]
M


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B-#AC-6
Y.5\S
S0W7S0P869?


T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS


M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@




M



]

@
SPO



S
T-U\T
&%F
M7S@V9C=?9F1A8F(Y
38W.#!A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+V(T.&
U8SDY7S
S-#=?-#!A9E\X-F8W7V9D86)B.3$V-S@P82]7;W)K

M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



]
T1R;SX-

@
CPO



U8SDY7S
S-#=?





]

T1)1#!%4T)!0SX-B`@(`@



]



M86QI9VX]



T1T;W`^26YT86YG:6)L92!!


M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8C0X8S5C.3E?
S
T-U\T
&%F
M7S@V9C=?9F1A8F(Y

O4VAE970T.2YH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





]
T1T


I



]

3PO=&0^



]



'0O:'1M





3(@

S$L(#(P
3


T1T;W`^3W1H97(@4&%Y86)L97
L($%C


]
T1N=6UP/B0@.3


'0O:'1M;#L@


]



M8RX@
S$L(#(P
3


3PO=&0^



]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@


@17%U:71Y(#



]
T1N=6UP/C4P


]



]


]

M


]
T1N=6UP/C4P

]
T1R

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$Q+#`P


]

]
T1N=6UP/C4P

]

]
T1N=6UP/C(U
M


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



M


T1T;W`^


38\+W1D/@T*



T1T




T1T;W`^4W1O8VMH



#




]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L


]

#`L
#`P/'-P


@17%U:71Y(#(U/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]

]




T1T




T1T;W`^4W1O8VMH;VQD





]
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/C
N



T1T;W`^4W1O8VMH;VQD97)S


M







T1T;W`^4W1O8VMH;VQD97)S



]



]

]


@

CQS

]






]

]
T1N=6UP/C$U


]


]

2XP

]

]
T1N=6UP/C@N
#`E/'-P86X^


@17%U:71Y(#4P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$


]



@17%U








]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C$P/'-P


@17%U:71Y(#4V/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]
T1P

S0L


@

M



]

]
T1N=6UP/C4Y
BPS



M86QI9VX]



T1T;W`^4W1O8VMH;VQD97)S($5Q







T1T;W`^4W1O8VMH;VQD97)S($5Q


T1T





@

M



]

]
T1N=6UP/C$W



]

30T

]

3`P+#`P


]

3`P+#`P


]

M1&YU;7`^




#`L

@17%U

S4\


MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

S
T-U\T
&%F7S@V9C=?9F1A8F(Y
38W.#!A
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(T.&
U8SDY7S
S-#=?







T0Q/C$R


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^


3`N
#`E/'-P


@




U8SDY7S
S-#=?-#!A9E\X-F8W






]




M*$1E=&%I;'



]








34P+#`P


]

]
T1N



]

]


]

]

M+#`P

]

]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
RXU/'-P

M:&%R92UB87-E9!#;VUP96YS871I;VX@.3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C



]
T1N=6UP/C
W+#4P


]


]



M92UB87-E9!#;VUP96YS871I;VX@,3,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]
T1N=6UP/B0@








]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3`L




]
T1N=6UP/C@X+#(U

]
M











C(\







]
T1N=6UP/C$W
BPU.#




]
T1P






]


S8P+#`P


]




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

M-#$T+#`P

]



M96YS871I;VX@
S


]


]
T1N=6UP/C
P+#`P
M

]









M:6]N(#



]

C`L



]
T1N=6UP/C(P+#`P
#QS

]



M;B`T

]
M



]

]
M



]
M




]




]

]

C4L


]
T1N=6UP
M/C$P+#`P

]


]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

M

]


]



]


]

34L
#`P/'-P86X^

M92UB87-E9!#;VUP96YS871I;VX@-3D\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#`P

]
M

]
T1R



]
T1P


]
T1R93X-




S
T-U\T
M
&%F7S@V9C=?9F1A8F(Y
38W.#!A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+V(T.&
U8SDY7S
S-#=?-#!A9E\X-F8W7V9D86)B.3$V-S@P82]7


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5014%#/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S




]


M9VX]





\+W1D


T1T;W`^26YC;VUE(%1A


T1T;W`^


M9VX]


U8SDY7S
S-#=?





]

T1)1#!%5T-!0SX-B`@(`@




#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@


M


T1T;W`^16%R
M;FEN9W
@4&5R(%-H87)E(#

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^16%R;FEN9W
@4&5R(%-H87)E(#0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


T1T;W`^16%R;FEN9W
@4&5R(%-H

#`\





U8SDY7S
S-#=?-#!A9E\X-F8W7V9D86)B.3$V-S@P



]
T1R97!O

T1)1#!%



S$L(#(P
M
3

]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^







M









S
T-U\T
&%F7S@V9C=?9F1A8F(Y
38W
M.#!A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(T.&
U8SDY7S
S




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C






]

M=&]P/D-O;F-E;G1R871I;VX@4FES:R`R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L



]



]

M


]



]




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B]B-#AC-6
Y.5\S

&$O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M

@04Y$($-/3E1)3D=%3D-)15
@*$YA





]



M
T1T;W`^0V]M;6ET;65N='
@06YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97
@
CPO=&0^#0H@


MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]B-#AC-6
Y.5\S
S0W7S0P



T0G


T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]


]
M




]
T1R


]






U8SDY7S
S-#=?





]

T1)1#!%3D)!13X-B`@(`@


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C
V+#4S
#QS

]



]

]


]

@-CPO




M




RPU


SQS

]

@

M86QI9VX]

]
T1N=6UP/C$S+#$U



]

@
M
3


T1T;W`^4W5B

]
T1N
M=6UP/C4L





]
T1N=6UP/C(U+#`P







]


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



@06YD($]R9V%N:7IA=&EO;B!38VAE9'5L92!/9B!$971A:6QS($]F
M(%1H92!3=6)S:61I87)I97
@06YD($%F9FEL:6%T97
@3V8@5&AE($-O;7!A
M;GD@



M:&5D=6QE($]F($1E=&%I;'



#`N




]



]
T1R


]
T1N
M=6UP/C$P


#`N




M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



@
M06YD($]R9V%N:7IA=&EO;B!38VAE9'5L92!/9B!$971A:6QS($]F(%1H92!3
M=6)S:61I87)I97
@06YD($%F9FEL:6%T97
@3V8@5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@-SPO

]
T1N=6UP/C8P+#`P

]
M


]
M
T1N=6UP/C$P


#`N





T1T;W`^

@06YD($]R9V%N:7IA=&EO;B!38VAE
M9'5L92!/9B!$971A:6QS($]F(%1H92!3=6)S:61I87)I97
@06YD($%F9FEL
M:6%T97
@3V8@5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@





@3V8@



]
T1N=6UP/B`Q+#4P


]


S
T-U\T
&%F7S@V
M9C=?9F1A8F(Y
38W.#!A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+V(T.&
U8SDY7S


M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$5(0D%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M

3(@36]N=&AS

S$L(#(P
3




M86QI9VX]


T1T;W`^




]



@3V8@

M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

S
T-U\T
&%F7S@V9C=?9F1A8F(Y
38W.#!A#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(T.&
U8SDY7S
S-#=?-#!A9E\X

N:'1M;`T*0V]N



^


M1$E$




M
S$L(#(P
3







M8C0X8S5C.3E?
S
T-U\T
&%F7S@V9C=?9F1A8F(Y

M='



^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@


3(@36]N=&AS($5N

S$L(#(P
3

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


T1T;W`^4W5M;6%R




]
T1R

@
SPO

]
T1N=6UP/C8N
3DS


]

@4V-H961U;&4@
M3V8@17AC:&%N9V4@4F%T97


3(U/'-P86X^


Y.5\S
M


M;G0]

^#0H@


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^06-C;W5N=',@4F5C96EV86)L92P@3F5T
M(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($%C8V]U;G1S(%)E8V5I=F%B;&4@,3PO=&0^#0H@(`@


]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@



T1T;W`^06-C;W5N
M='
@4F5C96EV86)L92P@3F5T(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($%C8V]U;G1S(%)E8V5I
M=F%B;&4@


T1T;W`^06-C
M;W5N='
@4F5C96EV86)L92P@3F5T(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($%C8V]U;G1S(%)E


T1T;W`^
M06-C;W5N='
@4F5C96EV86)L92P@3F5T(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($%C8V]U;G1S


M06-C;W5N='
@4F5C96EV86)L92`V/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S






]

M


#$S/&)R






]

]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C




T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)I97
@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@
M26YV96YT;W)I97


M9VX]
T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)I97
@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@26YV96YT;W)I97
@


T1T;W`^26YV
M96YT;W)I97
@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@26YV96YT;W)I97


Y.5\S
S0W7S0P869?


T0G=&5X


^#0H@(`@(`\='(^



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

M97(@4F5C96EV86)L97

@06YD($]T


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
S$P
M+#$Q

]


M;F0@3W1H97(@4F5C96EV86)L97

@



@06YD($]T:&5R(%)E8V5I


]


@-CPO=&0^




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PS

Y.5\S
S0W7S0P869?.#9F




M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R

12!!4U-%5%
@*$1E=&%I
M;'


]


@


]




]
T1P



BPU




]
T1N=6T^*#
L.#$V+#0P



RPR
C0L
S8U*3QS

]


M-RPW




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B-#AC-6
Y.5\S
S0W




M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]





#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R


BPS
M


]
T1N=6UP/C0Y
BPS
#





]
T1N=6UP/C$R
RPQ


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PQ
M



M=%]B-#AC-6
Y.5\S




M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M4%)/4$525%DL(%!
04Y4($%.1!%455)4$U%3E0@*$1E=&%I;',I(A54T0@



S$L
M(#(P
3


3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@





]
M














]
M





]





]



3`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



]
M
T1N=6T^*#0L-3@X+#8T






3
\+W1D

]
T1R



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
34L.3DQ+#`V






]

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
M


M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^3W1H97(@4&%Y86)L97







M3V8@3W1H97(@4&%Y86)L97
@06YD($%C8W)U86QS(#0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

T1T;W`^3W1H97(@4&%Y86)L97
L($%C





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B-#AC-6
Y.5\S
S0W7S0P




M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W


M12!/1B!!3$Q/0T%424].($]&(%1(12!04D]#145$4R!&4D]-(%1(12!04DE6
M051%(%!


3XQ
B!-
M;VYT:'

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]


L-3(T+#
T


]

M/3-$;G5M/B@W

]
M

M/B@Q+#$T


@17%U:71Y(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F
M($%L;&]C871I;VX@3V8@5&AE(%!R;V-E961S($9R;VT@5&AE(%!R:79A=&4@


M9VX]




]


]


]
T1R;SX-


Y


@
M1G)O;2!4:&4@4')I=F%T92!0;&%C96UE;G0@.3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT




]

]
M


M86QI9VX]



M+#4S

]






T1T;W`^4W1O8VMH;VQD97)S




]






S
T
M-U\T
&%F7S@V9C=?9F1A8F(Y

O4VAE970W
RYH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV







3(@36]N=&AS($5N

S$L(#(P
3



M97
@



@17%U:71Y(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F(%)E8V]N8VEL:6%T
M:6]N($]F(%1H92!787)R86YT($QI86)I;&ET:65S(#(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


@17%U
M:71Y(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F(%)E8V]N8VEL:6%T:6]N($]F(%1H92!787)R86YT
M($QI86)I;&ET:65S(#


M




]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@



]



]
M



]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C


]

]
T1N=6UP/C(N



@27-S=65D








]

M9R`W/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U
#`L
#`P*3QS

]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C
N-C



@27-S=65D($%N9!/=71S=&%N9&EN9R`Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@

3`\

]

M=&%N9&EN9R`Q


T1T;W`^

M960@06YD($]U='-T86YD:6YG(#$R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



@17%U:71Y(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F(%=A

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#@X+#4P


]




]







]
T1N=6UP/C`\


@27-S
M=65D($%N9!/=71S=&%N9&EN9R`Q.3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S




]







]


M86QI9VX]




@17%U:71Y(%-C

]





#QS

]




]


T1T;W`^4W1O8VMH;VQD97)S



U
M8SDY7S






]

T1)1#!%0T%!


3XQ
B!-
M;VYT:'

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]

]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C`N
#`E/'-P







U8SDY7S
S-#=?-#!A9E\X-F8W7V9D86)B.3$V-S@P80T*



]

M:60]

I



]

3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]
T1N=6UP/C


]





]
T1N=6UP/C
N





]





]






]













M06YD($]U='-T86YD:6YG(#$U/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@




]



]

3D\




@27-S=65D

M1&YU;7`^

M86QI9VX]

M($]F($]P=&EO;G








M($]U='-T86YD:6YG(#(U/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M












M($]U='-T86YD:6YG(#
Q/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M




S




U/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

C4L



W/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L



]



]
T1N
M=6UP/C$X-RPU



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M-#@L





M8S5C.3E?
S
T-U\T
&%F7S@V9C=?9F1A8F(Y

O
M4VAE970W-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS



]


M9VX]












M9!3:&%R97,@5F5S=`T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M










U8SDY7S
S-#=?-#!A






]

T1)1#!%5T-!0SX-B`@(`@(#QT

3(@36]N=&AS

S$L(#(P
3



3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

BPR


CPO=&0^


'!E;G-E
M(#

]
T1R;SX-



]

]
M

M7V(T.&
U8SDY7S
S-#=?-#!A9E\X-F8W7V9D86)B.3$V-S@P80T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)

3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P
3



@
M



@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@4F5C;VYC:6QI871I;VX@3V8@



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

M;7`^
S0N



@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@4F5C;VYC:6QI



T1T;W`^26YC;VUE(%1A





]
T1N=6UP/C@L


]




]
T1N=6UP
M/C4Q
RPV




@.3PO=&0^



SDI/'-P

M;F-O;64@5&%X97
@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@4F5C;VYC:6QI871I;VX@3V8@5&AE






@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@4F5C;VYC:6QI

M5&%X97
@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@4F5C;VYC:6QI871I;VX@3V8@5&AE(%!R;W9I


BPR



M5&%X97
@

M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8C0X8S5C.3E?
S
T-U\T
&%F7S@V
M9C=?9F1A8F(Y

O4VAE970X




M240P15=#04


M
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q



]
!!<W-E='
@






]
T1N=6UP/C$L
S`P+#0Y



]
!!<W-E='
@




2PS



]
!!<W-E='






S
T
M-U\T
&%F7S@V9C=?9F1A8F(Y

O4VAE970X
2YH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M14153$4@3T8@14%23DE.1U
@4$52(%-(05)%+!05-)0R!!3D0@1$E
551%


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
T1P




M;&4@3V8@16%R;FEN9W


T1T;W`^16%R
M;FEN9W

M92P@0F%S:6


]






]
T1N=6UP/C$W+#`T
BPS



]
T1N=6UP/C(R.2PU
3





]
T1N=6UP/C(P


]







T1T
M;W`^16%R;FEN9W


@06YD($1I;'5T960@


]




]

RPQ




M
T1T;W`^16%R;FEN9W


@06YD($1I;'5T960@
38\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@




]



M3V8@16%R;FEN9W


#@Y+#0V


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
38L-C`P+#`U


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$N





]






M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8C0X8S5C.3E?
S
T-U\T
&%F7S@V
M9C=?9F1A8F(Y

O4VAE970X
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]


M1#$^

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^


M='D@5')A;G-A8W1I;VYS(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($1U92!4;R!296QA=&5D(%!A

@

M


M=64@5&\@4F5L871E9!087)T:65S(#(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]
T1N=6UP/B0@







M0TA%1%5



#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\

@0GD@4F5P;W)T:6YG


M
T1T;W`^0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;B!2:7-K(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F(%)E=F5N=64@


U8SDY7S
S-#=?





]

T1)1#!%4TE!0SX-B`@(`@

4@
M3U(@34]212!/1B!43U1!3!!0T-/54Y44R!214-%259!0DQ%4R`H1&5T86EL


]
M




]





M=F%B;&4@5&AA=!297!R97-E;G1E9`Q
4@3W(@36]R92!/9B!4;W1A;!!




]


M
T1T;W`^0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;B!2:7-K(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($EN9&EV:61U
M86P@0W5S=&]M97(@06-C;W5N='




T1T;W`^0V]N
M8V5N=')A=&EO;B!2:7-K(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($EN9&EV:61U86P@0W5S=&]M
M97(@06-C;W5N='



T1T;W`^0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO
M;B!2:7-K(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($EN9&EV:61U86P@0W5S=&]M97(@06-C;W5N
M='



T1T;W`^0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;B!2:7-K(%-C
M:&5D=6QE($]F($EN9&EV:61U86P@0W5S=&]M97(@06-C;W5N='
@4F5C96EV



T1T;W`^0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;B!2:7-K(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F
M($EN9&EV:61U86P@0W5S=&]M97(@06-C;W5N='
@4F5C96EV86)L92!4:&%T



M960@

@4F5C96EV86)L97
@
M

M
S
T-U\T
&%F7S@V9C=?9F1A8F(Y
38W.#!A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(T.&
U8SDY7S
S-#=?-#!A9E\X-F8W7V9D86)B.3$V


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E


$570T%#/@T*

M



T0Q/C$R($UO;G1H




M





]
T1N=6UP/C
P+C`P)3QS

]


M)W
@4')O8W5R96UE;G0@







]



]


@4')O8W5R96UE


;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B-#AC-6
Y.5\S
S0W7S0P869?.#9F-U]F9&%B8CDQ




]


12!/1B!&55154D4@34E.
M24U532!214Y404P@4$%9345.5%
@1D]2($]015)!5$E.1R!
14%315
@*$1E
M=&%I;'


]


M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^0V]M;6ET;65N='
@06YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97
@4V-H


M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^0V]M;6ET;65N='
@06YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97
@4V-H



M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^0V]M;6ET;65N='
@06YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97
@4V-H


M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^0V]M;6ET;65N='
@06YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97
@4V-H


M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^0V]M;6ET;65N='
@06YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97
@4V-H


M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^0V]M;6ET;65N='
@06YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97
@4V-H


M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^0V]M;6ET;65N='
@06YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97
@4V-H



]



]


M-3DL



@1F]R($]P97)A
M=&EN9R!
96%S97
@


]


M



@1F]R($]P97)A=&EN
M9R!
96%S97
@
3


M
T1T;W`^0V]M;6ET;65N='
@06YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97
@4V-H961U;&4@





@1F]R($]P97)A=&EN9R!
M96%S97
@


T1T
M;W`^0V]M;6ET;65N='
@06YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97
@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@


#4L



@1F]R($]P97)A=&EN
M9R!
96%S97
@


]


M

]


]





@1F]R($]P97)A
M=&EN9R!
96%S97
@


S
T-U\T
M
&%F7S@V9C=?9F1A8F(Y

O4VAE970X-RYH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
M





]

T


]

M871I;VXL($)Y(%-E9VUE;G0@





]




M-C`L


]






]
T1N=6UP/C(W-BPP










]



]
T1N=6UP/C$Q-RPX
M-3(L


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V5G;65N=!)



2PS
3
L



]



BPP
#DL
M


]


3(Q+#(S-BPY-3


M($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F(%-E9VUE;G0@4F5P;W)T:6YG($EN


C$L
C
V+#DU

]

M(%-E9VUE;G0@

]
M


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E-E9VUE;G0@26YF;W)M871I;VX@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@4V5G

]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V5G;65N=!)








#
L-S8X/'-P


]


2PT-S


]



M;7`^


]

C0\+W1D/@T*





M


]



]
T1N=6UP






]
M




]

M;G0@

]
T1N=6UP/C(L
3$S+#(V
M

]






S8L

]





T1T;W`^4V5G;65N



BPU







]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#4Y
BPP

M9F]R;6%T:6]N(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F(%-E9VUE;G0@4F5P;W)T:6YG($EN9F]R



C
L-C@Q+#8W



]





]

3(\+W1D/@T*










]
T1N=6UP/CDU+#0S


]

3@\+W1D/@T*






]



]
M








]
T1N=6UP
M/C$L
C


]



]
T1R

M26YF;W)M871I;VXL($)Y(%-E9VUE;G0@






]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S$U



]


M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q
SQB

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5S=')I8W1E
M9!.970@07-S971S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($-O;F1E;G-E9!86QA;F-E(%-H



M86YC92!3:&5E='
@


T1T


@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@0V]N


]



]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5S
M=')I8W1E9!.970@07-S971S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($-O;F1E;G-E9!86QA

M



]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5S=')I8W1E9!.970@07-S971S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F





M='



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C$W


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5S=')I
M8W1E9!.970@07-S971S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($-O;F1E;G-E9!86QA;F-E



M


]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5S=')I8W1E9!.970@07-S971S(%-C:&5D




3(V+#4W


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5S
M=')I8W1E9!.970@07-S971S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($-O;F1E;G-E9!86QA


M9VX]





]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5S=')I8W1E9!.970@07-S971S(%-C




@
M


T1T;W`^

M;7`^


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5S=')I8W1E9!.970@07-S971S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F

#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



BPU
3`L



]


]
T1N=6UP/C`N




38L-#(Q+#$V
M

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^4F5S=')I8W1E9!.970@07-S971S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($-O;F1E;G-E




34L.3`W+#
X



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5S=')I8W1E9!.
M970@07-S971S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($-O;F1E;G-E9!86QA;F-E(%-H965T


T1T

M1&YU;7`^


]

]

]
T1R

]
T1N=6UP/C$Y



M;VYD96YS960@0F%L86YC92!3:&5E='
@
S




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5S=')I8W1E9!.
M970@07-S971S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($-O;F1E;G-E9!86QA;F-E(%-H965T


T1T;W`^

M;7`^.#4L
C(V+#@Q

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5S=')I8W1E9!.970@07-S971S(%-C:&5D=6QE






M;&%N8V4@4VAE971S(#
Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M



M9B!#;VYD96YS960@0F%L86YC92!3:&5E='









M;&%N8V4@4VAE971S(#0R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M



]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5S=')I8W1E9!.970@07-S971S(%-C:&5D=6QE

SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@




M0SHO8C0X8S5C.3E?
S
T-U\T
&%F7S@V9C=?9F1A8F(Y

M:&5E='
O4VAE970X.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M


M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L



]


T1T

I


M(#


T1T;W`^4F5S=')I
M8W1E9!.970@07-S971S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($-O;F1E;G-E9!3=&%T96UE






]

]





]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5S=')I8W1E9!.

BPQ-S`L



M;F-O;64@06YD($-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@26YC;VUE(#@\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

S
T-U\T
&%F
M7S@V9C=?9F1A8F(Y
38W.#!A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+V(T.&
U8SDY7S
S-#=?-#!A9E\X-F8W7V9D86)B.3$V-S@P82]7;W)K

M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$5(0D%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$

]



@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@0V]N9&5N


]
T1N=6T^*#8T
RPW

M;W=S(#


]





]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5S=')I8W1E9!.970@07-S971S(%-C


;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B-#AC-6
Y.5\S
S0W7S0P869?.#9F-U]F9&%B8CDQ




M#0H@/&\Z36%I;D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1(N+B]7;W)K8F]O:RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#`R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P
M
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

T0B4VAE970P.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#$Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,BYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970Q-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
38N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T
3DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(P+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#(S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R-YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970R-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C@N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T
S$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
R+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#,U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S-BYH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M,T0B4VAE970S.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#`N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T-#
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0T
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#0W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T
M.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#DN:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970U
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M-3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4S+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-34N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#4V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U-RYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970V
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C$N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T-C0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8U+FAT;6PB

T0B4VAE970V.2YH=&UL

M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970W-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$

M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970W.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-SDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#@P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970X,2YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970X-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#4N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970X-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T.#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@Y
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Y,YH=&UL(B\^#0H\

`
end











    
  
      

          

        

      










SCHEDULE OF SEGMENT REPORTING INFORMATION
 BY SEGMENT [Table Text Block]
        

          
          
          
          
          




            

          
          
          
          


          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


              
            

          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          


              
            

          
          
          
          
          


              
            

          
          


              
            

          
          
          
          



            

          


              
            

          
          


              
            

          
          


              
            

          
          


              
            

          
          


              
            

          

        

            

          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          




              
            

          

            33
685
828

          

            


            7
474
342

          

            


            2
188
819

          

            


            -

          

            


            43
348
989

          

        

            

          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          




              
            

          

            26
860
209

          

            


            4
495
175

          

            



              276
024


          

            


            (1
648
816

          
          


              29
982
592


          




              
            

          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


              29
982
592


          

        

            

          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          




              
            

          

            117
852
173

          

            


            62
501

          

            


            1
313
194

          

            


            2
009
085

          

            


            121
236
953

          

        

            

          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          




              
            

          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


              121
236
953


          

        

            

          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          




              
            

          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          




              
            

          

            1
362
832

          

            


            5
517

          

            


            1
379

          

            


            103
768

          

            


            1
473
496

          




              
            

          

            -

          
          


              -


          

            


            -

          

            


            -

          

            


            -

          

    
        

          
          
          
          
          




            

          
          
          
          


          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


              
            

          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          


              
            

          
          
          
          
          


              
            

          
          


              
            

          
          
          
          


          
          


              
            

          
          


              
            

          
          


              
            

          
          


              
            

          
          


              
            

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          




              
            

          

            27
747
740

          

            


            6
910
173

          

            


            2
113
263

          

            


            &#160;
            -

          

            


            36
771
176

          

        

            

          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          




              
            

          

            22
619
716

          

            


            2
535
623

          

            


            118
334

          

            


            (1
592
002

          
          

            23
681
671

          




              
            

          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


              23
681
671


          

        

            

          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          




              
            

          

            91
594
711

          

            


            66
062

          

            


            1
394
027

          

            


            2
383
289

          

            


            95
438
089

          

        

            

          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          




              
            

          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


              95
438
089


          

        

            

          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          




              
            

          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          




              
            

          

            1
120
408

          

            


            5
413

          

            


            5
413

          

            


            104
234

          

            


            1
235
468

          




              
            

          

            299
342

          

            


            &#160;
            -

          

            


            15
915

          

            


            &#160;
            -

          

            


            315
257

          

    




        
          

        
          
            

 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

        
        

          Useful Life

          (In years)

        


        
        

          20
          -
          40

        


        
        

          5
          -
          10

        


        
        

          5

        

    


        
        

        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

          10

        


        
        

          4

        

    


        
        


          



        






 except for equity accounts


          US$1
          =RMB6.0969

        

          US$1
          =RMB6.2855




          


          US$1
          =RMB6.1932

        

          US$1
          =RMB6.3125


    




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          

            

          
          
          
          


          
          

            

          
          
          
          
          

            

          
          
          
          



            

          

            

          
          

            

          
          

            

          
          

            

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          




              
            

          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          

        

            

          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          




              New Zealand WAYNE&#8217;S

              New Resources Development Co.
 Ltd

              (&#8220;New Resources&#8221;)
            

          

            British Virgin Islands

            March 13
 2008

          
          

            50
000

          
          

            100%

          
          
          
          

        

            

          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          




              Oriental Global Holdings Limited

              (&#8220;Oriental Global&#8221;)
            

          

            Hong Kong

            May 28
 2010

          
          

            $1

          
          

            100%

          
          
          
          

        

            

          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          




              Harbin Baixin Biotech

              Development Co.
 Ltd

              (&#8220;Harbin Baixin&#8221;)
            

          

            People&#8217;s Republic of China (&#8220;PRC&#8221;)

            July 13
 2010

          
          

            3
000
000

          
          

            100%

          
          


          

        

            

          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          




              
            

          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          

        

            

          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          




              Heilongjiang Shuaiyi New Energy

              Development Co.
 Ltd

              (&#8220;Heilongjiang Shuaiyi&#8221;)
            

          

            PRC

            July 11
 2006

          
          

            RMB60
000
000

          
          

            100%

          
          
          
          

        

            

          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          




              Daqing Shuaiyi Biotech Co. Ltd.

              (&#8220;Daqing Shuaiyi&#8221;)
            

          

            PRC

            August 8
 2005

          
          

            RMB50
000
000

          
          

            100%

          
          

 which is widely used for Chinese medicine

          

        

            

          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          




              Harbin Shuaiyi Green and

              Specialty Food Trading LLC.

              (&#8220;Harbin Shuaiyi&#8221;)
            

          

            PRC

            May 18
 2001

          
          

            RMB1
500
000

          
          

            100%

          
          
          
          

    




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      


 2013

          



 2013

          



        

370
        


        

267
        


        

854.1

854.1


        
        

750
000


        

950
000
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

          
          




          


          
          

            

          
          

            

          




              
            

          
          
          
          
          
          



            

          

            &#160;
            -

          
          

            &#160;
            -

          



            

          

            -

          
          

            -

          



            

          

            117
078
904

          
          

            90
952
289

          




              
            


            



              117
078
904
            

          

            



              90
952
289
            

          




              
            

          
          
          
          
          
          



            

          
          
          
          
          
          



            

          

            &#160;
            -

          
          

            173

          



            

          

            738
903

          
          

            528
528

          



            

          

            154
303

          
          

            126
570

          



            

          

            893
206

          
          

            655
271

          




              
            

          
          
          
          
          
          




              Preferred Stock
 $0.001
              par value
              1
000
000
              shares authorized
              110
066
              shares and
              113
010
              shares issued and outstanding
 respectively
            

          

            2
510
183

          
          

            2
577
324

          




              Common stock
 $0.001
              par value
              190
000
000
              shares authorized
              16
421
161
              shares issued and
              16
377
606
              shares outstanding at December 31
 2013;
              15
907
381
              shares issued and
              15
863
826
              shares outstanding at December 31
 2012
            

          

            16
422

          
          

            15
908

          



            

          

            19
934
551

          
          

            19
029
586

          




              Treasury stock
 at cost
              43
555
              shares as of December 31
 2013 and 2012
            

          

            (78
767

          
          

            (78
767

          



            

          

            85
226
812

          
          

            63
285
955

          



            

          

            8
576
497

          
          

            5
467
012

          



            

          

            116
185
698

          
          

            90
297
018

          




              
            


            



              117
078
904
            

          

            



              90
952
289
            

          

    


        
        

          
          




          


          
          

            

          
          

            

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          

            (1
468
040

          
          

            (1
510
643

          


          
          

            173

          
          

            144
238

          


          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          

            23
638
237

          
          

            18
609
116

          



            


            



              22
170
370
            

          

            



              17
242
711
            

          

    


        
        

          
          




          


          
          

            

          
          

            

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          

            (621
107

          
          

            (643
709

          


          
          

            621
107

          
          

            708
753

          


          
          
          
          
          

            (65
044

          




          
          
          
          
          
          




 end of year


            

          
          
          
          
          

    




        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 balance sheets of consolidated entities and consolidation eliminations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 cash flow statements of consolidated entities and consolidation eliminations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 income statements of consolidated entities and consolidation eliminations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE
 NET (Tables)

        

      






        
        

      
      




      


      
      

        

      
      

        

      

    
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      

        56
922

      
      

        81
497

      


      
      

        -

      
      

        -

      

    
      
      
      
      
      
      
      




 net


        



          56
922
        

      

        



          81
497
        

      

  




        
          

        
          
            

 allowance
 and net carrying value as of the balance sheet date. Presentation is categorized by current
 noncurrent and unclassified receivables.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3
 -Paragraph 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

      
      




      


      
      

        

      
      

        

      

    
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      

        240
498

      
      

        321
207

      


      
      

        404
190

      
      

        397
991

      


      
      

        47
159

      
      

        246
053

      

    
      
      
      
      
      
      
      



        


        



          691
847
        

      

        



          965
251
        

      

  




        
          

        
          
            

 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
              
 -Subparagraph a
b
c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


          


          






              Basis of preparation

            
          
          These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
        



              Principle of consolidation

            
          
          The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of Nutrastar and its wholly owned subsidiaries
 New Resources
 Oriental Global and Harbin Baixin
 and its VIEs Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi. All significant inter-company balances or transactions have been eliminated on consolidation.
        

 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi and based on the result of the evaluation
 believes that these entities are variable interest entities and that it is the primary beneficiary of these entities. Consequently
 the Company has included the results of operations of these variable interest entities in the consolidated financial statements. The Company&#8217;s relationships with Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi are governed by a series of contractual arrangements. Under PRC laws
 Heilongjiang Shuaiyi
 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi are independent legal persons and none of them is exposed to liabilities incurred by the other parties.

 Daqing Shuaiyi and Harbin Shuaiyi are consolidated in the accompanying financial statements pursuant to the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standard Codification (ASC) Topic 810 and related subtopics related to the consolidation of variable interest entities. The Company does not have any non-controlling interests in net income and accordingly
 did not subtract any net income in calculating the net income attributable to the Company. Because of the contractual arrangements
 the Company had a pecuniary interest in the VIEs that require consolidation of the Company&#8217;s and the VIEs&#8217; financial statements.



              Use of estimates

            
          
          The preparation of these consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires the Company to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of these consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Accordingly
 actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Significant estimates for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 include the useful lives of property and equipment and intangible assets
 assumptions used in assessing impairment for long-term assets and the fair values of share-based payments.
        



              Cash and cash equivalents

            
          
          Cash and cash equivalents consist of all cash balances and highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less. Because of the short maturity of these investments
 the carrying amounts approximate their fair value.
        



              Accounts receivable

            
          
          Accounts receivable is stated at cost
 net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the failure of customers to make required payments. The Company reviews the accounts receivable on a periodic basis and provides allowances where there is doubt as to the collectability of individual balances. In evaluating the collectability of individual receivable balances
 the Company considers many factors
 including the age of the balance
 the customer&#8217;s payment history
 its current credit-worthiness and current economic trends.
        



              Inventories

            
          
          Inventories are stated at the lower of cost
 determined on a weighted average basis
 or market. Costs of inventories include purchase and related costs incurred in bringing the products to their present location and condition. Market value is determined by reference to selling prices after the balance sheet date or to management&#8217;s estimates based on prevailing market conditions. Management will write down the inventories to market value if it is below cost. Management also regularly evaluates the composition of its inventories to identify slow-moving and obsolete inventories to determine if a valuation allowance is required.
        


            
          

          The Company evaluates all its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative instruments that are accounted for as liabilities
 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and is then revalued at each reporting date
 with changes in the fair value reported in the consolidated statements of income. For stock-based derivative financial instruments
 the Company uses Monte-Carlo simulation methods to value the derivative instruments at inception and on subsequent valuation dates.
        



              Property
 plant and equipment

            
          
          Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses
 if any. Gains or losses on disposals are reflected as gain or loss in the year of disposal. The cost of improvements that extend the life of property
 plant and equipment are capitalized. These capitalized costs may include structural improvements
 equipment and fixtures. All ordinary repair and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred.
        
        


                
                

                  Useful Life

                  (In years)

                


                
                

                  20
                  -
                  40

                


                
                

                  5
                  -
                  10

                


                
                

                  5

                





              Intangible assets

            
          
          The Company&#8217;s intangible assets include a ten-year exclusive right to use a proprietary process and computer software. The Company&#8217;s amortization policy on intangible assets is as follows:
        


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                

                  10

                


                
                

                  4

                



 &#8220;General Intangibles Other Than Goodwill&#8221;. Under ASC 350-30-35
 intangibles with definite lives continue to be amortized on a straight-line basis over the lesser of their estimated useful lives or contractual terms. Under FASB ASU No.2012-02 Intangible-Goodwill and Other(Topic 350)
 the Company assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative impairment test. The Company would not be required to calculate the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset unless the Company determines
 based on a qualitative assessment
 that it is not more likely than not
 the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If the qualitative assessment fails
 intangibles with indefinite lives are further evaluated quantitatively for impairment by comparing the asset&#8217;s estimated fair value with its carrying value
 based on cash flow methodology.


            
          
          The Company reviews and evaluates its long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts may not be recoverable. An impairment is considered to exist if the total estimated future cash flows on an undiscounted basis are less than the carrying amount of the assets
 including goodwill
 if any. An impairment loss is measured and recorded based on discounted estimated future cash flows. In estimating future cash flows
 assets are grouped at the lowest level for which there is identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of future cash flows from other asset groups.
        


            
          
          Revenue is recognized when the following four revenue criteria are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 the selling price is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured.
        

 sales discounts and returns at the time when the merchandise is delivered to the customer. Based on historical experience
 management estimates that sales returns are immaterial and has not recorded an allowance for estimated sales returns.


            
          
          The Company accounts for share-based compensation awards to employees in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718
 &#8220;Compensation &#8211; Stock Compensation&#8221;
 which requires that share-based payment transactions with employees be measured based on the grant-date fair value of the equity instrument issued and recognized as compensation expense over the requisite service period.
        

 &#8220;Equity-Based Payments to Non-employees&#8221;. Under FASB ASC Topic 718 and FASB ASC Subtopic 505-50
 stock compensation granted to non-employees has been determined as the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of equity instrument issued
 whichever is more reliably measured and is recognized as expenses as the goods or services are received.



              Income taxes

            
          
          The Company is subject to income taxes in the United States and other foreign jurisdictions where it operates. The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 740
 &#8220;Income Taxes&#8221;. FASB ASC Topic 740 requires an asset and liability approach for financial accounting and reporting for income taxes and allows recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets based upon the likelihood of realization of tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits
 or that future deductibility is uncertain.
        

 classification of current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities
 accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax positions
 accounting for income taxes in interim periods and income tax disclosures.



              Research and development costs

            
          
          Research and development costs are expensed as incurred
 and are charged to general and administrative expenses. Research and development costs were $173
881
          and $168
746
          for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.
        



              Advertising costs

            
          
          The Company expenses all advertising costs as incurred. Advertising costs charged to selling expenses were $10
437
          and $10
240
          for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.
        



              Shipping and handling costs

            
          
          Substantially all costs of shipping and handling of products to customers are included in selling expense. Shipping and handling costs for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 were insignificant.
        



              Comprehensive income

            
          
          FASB ASC Topic 220
 &#8220;Comprehensive Income&#8221;
 establishes standards for reporting and displaying comprehensive income and its components in the consolidated financial statements. Accumulated other comprehensive income includes foreign currency translation adjustments.
        



              Foreign currency

            
          
          The Company uses the United States dollar (&#8220;US Dollar&#8221; or &#8220;US$&#8221; or &#8220;$&#8221;) for financial reporting purposes. The PRC subsidiaries and VIEs within the Company maintain their books and records in their functional currency
 Chinese Renminbi (&#8220;RMB&#8221;)
 being the lawful currency in the PRC. Assets and liabilities of the PRC subsidiaries and VIEs are translated from RMB into US Dollars using the applicable exchange rates prevailing at the balance sheet date. Items on the statements of income and cash flows are translated at average exchange rates during the reporting period. Equity accounts are translated at historical rates. Adjustments resulting from the translation of the Company&#8217;s financial statements are recorded as accumulated other comprehensive income.
        
        



                  



                






 except for equity accounts


                  US$1
                  =RMB6.0969

                

                  US$1
                  =RMB6.2855




                  


                  US$1
                  =RMB6.1932

                

                  US$1
                  =RMB6.3125




 or could be
 converted into US Dollars at the above rates. The value of RMB against US dollars and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by
 among other things
 changes in China&#8217;s political and economic conditions. Any significant revaluation of RMB may materially affect the Company&#8217;s financial condition in terms of US Dollar reporting.



              Segment reporting

            
          
          The Company follows FASB ASC Topic 280
 &#8220;Segment Reporting&#8221;
 which requires that companies disclose segment data based on how management makes decisions about allocating resources to segments and evaluating their performance.
        

 2013 and 2012
 it operated in three business segments &#8211; growing and sales of Cordyceps Militaris
 which is widely used for Chinese medicine
 manufacturing and sale of functional health beverages featuring the Cordyceps Militaris as a core ingredient
 and sales of organic and specialty products. The manufacturing and sale of Cordyceps Militaris functional health beverages was launched in the fourth quarter of 2010.

 2013 and 2012
 all of the Company&#8217;s operations were carried out in one geographical segment - China.



              Earnings per share

            
          
          The Company reports earnings per share in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 260
 Earnings per Share. FASB ASC Topic 260 requires presentation of basic and diluted earnings per share in conjunction with the disclosure of the methodology used in computing such earnings per share. Basic earnings per share excludes dilution and is computed by dividing income available to common stockholders by the weighted average common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share takes into account the potential dilution (using the treasury stock method) that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised and converted into common stock.
        


            
          
          The Company follows FASB ASC Subtopic 450-20
 &#8220;Loss Contingencies&#8221; in determining its accruals and disclosures with respect to loss contingencies. Accordingly
 estimated losses from loss contingencies are accrued by a charge to income when information available prior to issuance of the financial statements indicates that it is probable that a liability could be incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Legal expenses associated with the contingency are expensed as incurred. If a loss contingency is not probable or reasonably estimable
 disclosure of the loss contingency is made in the financial statements when it is at least reasonably possible that a material loss could be incurred.
        


            
          
          In March 2013
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2013-05
 Foreign Currency Matters
 (Topic 830): Parent's Accounting for the Cumulative Translation Adjustment upon Derecognition of Certain Subsidiaries or Groups of Assets within a Foreign Entity or of an Investment in a Foreign Entity (ASU 2013-05)
 to resolve a diversity in accounting for the cumulative translation adjustment of foreign currency upon derecognition of a foreign subsidiary or group of assets. ASU 2013-05 requires the parent to apply the guidance in Subtopic 830-30 to release any related cumulative translation adjustment into net income when a reporting entity (parent) ceases to have a controlling financial interest in a subsidiary or group of assets within a foreign entity. Accordingly
 the cumulative translation adjustment should be released into net income only if the sale or transfer results in the complete or substantially complete liquidation of the foreign entity in which the subsidiary or group of assets had resided. Further
 ASU 2013-05 clarified that the parent should apply the guidance in subtopic 810-10 if there is a sale of an investment in a foreign entity
 including both (1) events that result in the loss of a controlling financial interest in a foreign entity and (2) events that result in an acquirer obtaining control of an acquiree in which it held an equity interest immediately before the acquisition date. Accordingly
 the cumulative translation adjustment should be released into net income upon the occurrence of those events. ASU 2013-05 is effective prospectively for the Company in our first quarter of fiscal 2014
 with early adoption permitted. The Company does not expect ASU 2013-05 to have a significant impact on its consolidated results of operations and financial condition.
        

 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2013-11
 Income Taxes (Topic 740)(ASU 2013-11). The amendments in this update provide guidance on the financial statement presentation of an unrecognized tax benefit when a net operating loss carryforward
 similar tax loss
 or tax credit carryforward exists. These amendments provide that an unrecognized tax benefit
 or a portion thereof
 should be presented in the financial statements as a reduction to a deferred tax asset for a net operating loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss
 or a tax credit carryforward
 except to the extent that a net operating loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss
 or a tax credit carryforward is not available at the reporting date to settle any additional income taxes that would result from disallowance of a tax position
 or the tax law does not require the entity to use
 and the entity does not intend to use
 the deferred tax asset for such purpose
 then the unrecognized tax benefit should be presented as a liability. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December 15
 2013. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect ASU 2013-11 to have a significant impact on its consolidated results of operations and financial condition.
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

      
      




      


      
      

        

      
      

        

      

    
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      

        1
271
672

      
      

        1
310
112

      



        Other receivables
 net of $nil
        allowance

      

        28
340

      
      

        11
614

      

    
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      

        



          1
300
012
        

      

        



          1
321
726
        

      

  




        
          

        
          
            

 and will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer; the aggregate carrying amount of current assets
 not separately presented elsewhere in the balance sheet; and other deferred costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

        

          

        




        
        




        


        

          

        

          

        
        

          

        

      
        

          

        
        
        
        
        
        


        


 Chairperson
 CEO and President of the Company

        

          265
223

        
        

          150
036

        

    




        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners and (d) affiliates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        

500
000


        

000


        

000


        

000


        
        


        

000


        
        


        
        


        

000


        

500


        
        


        

500


        
        


        
        


        
        


        

179


        

251


        

000


        

000


        

000


        

500


        

500


        

771


        

583


        
        


        
        


        
        


        

000


        

000


        

500


        

000


        
        


        
        


        

000


        

000


        

000


        

000


        

000


        

000


        

000


        

000


        

000


        

000


        

946


        

830


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        

000


        

000


        

000


        

000


        
        


        
        


        
        


        

000


        

000


        

000


        

804


        
        


        

000


        
        


        

000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        

524
342


        

698)


        

143
198)


        

143
198


        

805
644


        

546)


        

720
098


        

392)


        

030
706


        

121
938


        

668)


        

532)


        

532


        

703
270


        

052
162)


        

108


        

490)


        

618


        

141)


        

477




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

599
186

526
533


        

922

497


        

847

251


        

300
012

321
726


        

647
967

895
007


        
        
        


Intangible assets
 net

107
737

552
022


Property
 plant and equipment
 net

481
249

991
060


        

236
953

438
089


        
        
        


        

167
957

481
198


        

879
172

981
136


        

223

036


        

903

528


        
        
        


        

051
255

141
071


        

051
255

141
071


        
        
        


        
        
        


Preferred Stock
 $0.001 par value
 1
000
000 shares authorized
 110
066 shares and 113
010 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively; aggregate liquidation preference amount: $3
081
848 and $3
164
280
 plus accrued but unpaid dividend of $738
903 and $528
528
 at December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively

510
183

577
324


Common stock
 $0.001 par value
 190
000
000 shares authorized
 16
421
161 shares issued and 16
377
606 shared outstanding at December 31
2013; 15
907
381 shares issued and 15
863
826 shares outstanding at December 31
 2012

422

908


        

934
551

029
586


        

983
935

960
023


Treasury stock
 at cost
 43
555 shares as of December 31
 2013 and 2012

767)

767)


        

242
877

325
932


        

576
497

467
012


        

185
698

297
018


        

236
953

438
089




        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
              
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including trade payables
 incurred through that date and due within one year (or in the operating cycle if longer) arising from transactions not otherwise specified in the taxonomy.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if different) of the state or country.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sales
 use
 payroll
 excise
 real
 property and other taxes. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased by the entity
 and are held in its treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        

000
000


        

000
000


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

170
370

242
711


        
        
        


        
        

238)


        

804

000


        

473
496

235
468


        
        

219


        

396

664


        
        
        


        

676

216


        

548

903)


        

626

802)


        
        
        


        
        

327)


        

591)

785


        

162)

399


        

306
990

872
192


        
        
        


Purchase of property
 plant and equipment
        

257)


        
        

267
327


        
        

070


        
        
        


        
        

214)


        
        

170


        

173

829


        

173
        


        

719
490

157


        

072
653

970
204


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
 at the beginning of the year

526
533

556
329


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
 at the end of the year

599
186

526
533


        
        
        


        

279

587


        

513

382


        

396

664


        

804

000


        
        
        


        

683
689

179
713




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment assets
 excluding oil and gas property and timber property.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including income
 property and other taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 deferred expenses
 intangible assets
 or income taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 0001062993-14-001602-xbrl.zip

#$S
3(S
2YX
M;6Q55`D``THT

MIF:J(IOWBY/

MRD

ML0/7]L
`?3R8H/C@'[_^[7\^_&^O)YR$H['OV8&#A'^-(Q3'SW:$A(L`5X!G
MIZ&3CE0(])






B)
M0A_5

1C5W!S61T'_I,!#%K&;56W
29T'B)9-K].#%H+`@N;1';*Q=




M

BL`9&+?'NLNM41\5H

M4^K:*95
F.7N)\PU5+]U6]^29-8OLNQ=_6ZX^NVL-;4WD/WRTP^I]OW2U0^F
M\/VRU]X0]F'RCZWZ_:+;CZKY_3KYJU/Z/H[?4AJY_=Z(?2R^\33RQI6VCZ??
MD#+WP^
L_;VZY2O6GW[M<;-IQ<8E(S/=(:GAYNE5<9D9$!







I7/&F10%L$:T9!#:8%LMH``95BYK!I*MTP+_8=BO*:V-GT:Q+




5
*$J8ZP





OO
M):B
*G3#D1#7T?_)(R3P1!O\HEO8);+6PR6KH`@+-I&_1:@&DN$]
`AZ?K


MSCKCQ;G0\6S_$[0

1'<0V62C!<OZ$AO^)+'45I0]7=7I

M68:H4IY_)6$N^)K+3I44W30:XYN/6^=1.
JV]T&D\#`=V

M











9

D5+U]6%-?PE


Z?.6@%$Y8X


IS!P@2.?W:311=
N5Y9L8I3O=W+]&YJSLA+$J3WSI-#

GL5O?!K*2]SKS?9GU$C[^8
MBWB5OM8X
A51$;XFTX\[4[-.-3Z4U+];$W9'C;74*=;?FI@W;KS+6P:A9.

3HY$8=TXKIXNZ7*E



I!WFW.PVC^)?-@


L9US1
MFXA8\9\-A\A)!L.S%_!6P0.Z!F4-`MP4!$7X'QP8/=D^ZN)6-D.R5#K0;P*F


CL+


!MC$_V$]
ZY_


M

MP^P!5GCQV3@'C



M?3N;PV-L29C\/WMOVMRVDBL

U/EW7&\6\?)Y
LI
M2J(DCBE2)BG+RJ]_`71S)[6032TVI^X]L2BQ&TC`30:XR@4V]'A)?E@N!?


7Y)&8Q-C
MDFF
R4#M#((SCTUB;
;
79J%N)G8]U
:%OR$

3

:;%T0[8`ZODPV_D!]53G_AL`K
MQ2)52I1R*@@X/.%KT[DD#%AY`

M8O][`=
2!7LLP5VV+6`\B-B2.I%;.#\0YT8.[3KHFN*AP`;2P2
H8?'GH_


LZ3%SW;!H\
M4JKAPR?/Y(.'241/IFVS7_&G$S5\%S!8^V=CUM!R
*BZV!8:)+%9W-54DA[

`H-[9/8Q6;O
M



9_#=0N;:`DFT#?GQ9`%
MQLYZRAOJ74OANP`F@^W)]3



E_X))6PJ`'VQ.DV7P3?:4JW[U/JN8A@)D9&H:GR


M`L5)9\!3




MKN=1)5':'#UTV/WQS=
T=KOXOCULQAUV\X+0=NYBV0WV$G-SFR1;38+I[8

M=W#0KQ)[).AV-PS&&+]\]%W9$%G&R7`G7]`LL7@1.HEBXL2!
_/;&D#.+('R
MH




TJJ1B#Y?VD2O7.S/$HO
MC+';5H;*;R-?&)I3TH$B+)VH?8I[M\+'_
*B+RSZ+;?THN^L.@+BWX-%OTM
M:!$=ZR6=:T8;_N&:QY*NU*%J*UGM[]#P']`O\,I^_PG^6-[JE4;;+)=M'



M8Y4



3+:(XGM_`K#/$DAZ.^V/+EBBBO-S8/EJLR1*/


M@E2&2E?MP)\EUBYFK'=XX^F!(FOV0&IC_W`P]8O\T






M_D.4W^I6A@N8
+-LLV6JN\PSK),&2^?1#?R33+:E`IZ+6Y](I*T38^7J`]

6;:%6@


M2[6^HU-_?.3=\BWO9@R6HM7=EEJ=0206:FN72+?D=G:;2P8V:%*YW90F7)`L
MT=9U']F\#=(F'
6XZ8R2SR;
VI:NL(@+BWCM%E1A$;^O]2PLXC59Q
NVCEO0
MCEVX9=R[L&23VL/-






X25:
M5BWJ)5ZP5=5'

'GBMI
3V
M=Q+3
^J78AJMB8'_/*IO9^JK`I_HGP$HEC-C;-[JRB






6'^!-X=--]%


M^C3$AGOEU?%A+$*KHB9^F';/GXYZQZ
;56=??-]:AHQ'9U7$-`=O/YY&]V1E
MG=V38!'-F(T5
F8



M3





MMD@S4/LY4.5=J:?JLHX^?:`#/



D_MP






Q4@%_A3NZJ71H)@42.9J-Y+\#K'5GKC'%;P;@(MG\X
MVS;5]IB9[1PK#N2N=*1TY+'E\&CBG@E+$P`0^+P#)QT412XE^`*3EB(19H(X










M?NR!MC%

X']
M2[EJC%[.MPJ`8PR!E#9\[&ZWH/X&LDA'RR$G2]
W/MD9W@[$E0&V`W5-EAAN


:

*UW$\FQB&\IW8F
2/'0&Y0M7A5W14
M!9V#]X@DB@ASU\!BEC^QKXZZ%9_1SQ09T/9.9[A+2\Q


:TE

M4+5`1(
4IXE!7Z&AAG-;4A]W



+DT3AUCFX?3DX?=HYN6ZW;
MZZ_2_V



E`[


YQ5356P\
8A6.8O8ED88:3W%LU<


#J$&)O;?NPX#FO/

_MNF0$P$NP@



./1HJ)`:`^`NNEC.,[]K!5O2V+_Z$V.LL1CE

CZB<X@P%`8)R:-GOO(


T-;^)YU%E)A-W;-O$



7--GLXY;U)P8!
M7:)TINA`-V@;I`M!LEV7[0\LW)V6JJ]3(-`R6\UYG2)Z:`14NK1S2%V0GX26
MT!B;3FR]U

1
-]:[*L
[RTR*S]JQE*8
M1\;R@!B*T_$J_KL)4/(;:ECVT-EY%M^9P




]
M=DDAR\B@\T,A@3U$K3@K)=MKR\



$8V&)'FRP5E
M0M$)4(N`3W&



1RZDN+I`XC%


WA!KV2(ADE


M91D8%HTN`E1^?OK$#1)4G32H.N2&M\4SP%W0O-H!VW`$#
/U`/)7AF
WI_RK


MQT

4CJJ]9(DWG9QBAN;IE$RDO6G8I&D<S

Z.E

M

M;;PJDN\:T`U(H4FP-I!EXWM=YSWWHI&?+/&`B!')/0UK\Y!=SX)16#%G*I!7

M


=ND4*
I#X!FE/SB:%8T



M%1Z@S+1HH(Q;BPZ1CKV11P=V8(0]63,?I0MVS_A
J;C@7C0?6@5<12A?J718(8@4Q$+B:YCE'L:__




M`FS2T6#_]/!TY#H`.;-PU.
9QG(9IH*Q]!Q_EKTNNR=5*KX1W&)!7/SI^VTP




[P
M

M

=UO!6

MC8XTH_/\'URR?SGOH%_4NNV%?C]E_W7?(:L+/CPHO7]_ZKS]7:[\?2GK8&9





MDM4W52^Y@U)*P(6B8@V\_ZDR&L*#L:Q.U9)T(K^HWF?_(/P1Z\T44$;(/SL=
MMP

MK9V2;O0H&-'.K#.G5)$;`E

M)P:SHCK

JC1C026PG
L-AVO







M6M=.V5K4AQB7R!J'^`

)N'UV9F^AZ#E`J\3)Q[YK



3X(A1FPE%/V
T6F_$1_K`6/L?(E

RYN%K+`&$
MUI-!ET@K\C``0




9L-NLIXJ32GAAO3/&-J_K








M5O3W2;S%^1W+[9

M\G]C4[7@`
FOC\9



M(H!8'/G=G(\XWYB3ATD]S\@/J:C



M*TNQI)80CO188*10
76W^@JEN2JP)5@1BG`O!!]]X@8)JLQP]4Q6U\`%S=?!
M(L&''6\SA5U6EH)U^D_0(V=0:!4FCO






TDBHF_#X1R7\[-^@`O9VRP=[!ZN!+2O+YTB$:K.Q
)R8<M9.:A5\X`D*P<+0[!6J6;@UU4G)=W@I7.@
MN:'3TMH-;T=KU#%.63MJMU]
B67JL

MBU-9-K[7==YSKW;YB0T/7AA6W].P.!39S2S$B!6%I[J2)007W8/L3GB`159*
M_H!^



/!


M0!$S

M(UL0HIZ

M2GT@2;-2

A6$

MTG96;:=69JBBC&`=3-WR%7.1(G/#UX24I([LQ10.&D91%^DCD(MN$MUB]5








M3H&?





N7N&[FS2&#EB**GMA;(%:Q-BMH:Q9
M:





&2?.0LG9D8F
M6'%!@V]G#&4RIZ*-]6.6D_#(WKV_597KOH=X0;UTK@N.CF$J&C3_U$J'_Z










MR6/U?NIDL.@@4BQ+-E7

MK]-
C8/KU%!?:?*05YIB;5
Q^=Q?%^4SIBB_J38;\HOCB(1/P-DC8&T8
M8&A@-[GN*R@BN:\88\NAJI


_/I993FWX_'U59#^E!BHPL]D93


((R'HU#+1_^.^AR9




M1X

MR]^G1_'L(=Q*MQ9JV(7?3S!O-'.=OIXN:3'-E.*4^+&L!&QEQWMS1FSVFB


M8;W]A9HV=XU.M-VCF53,[VRECSG\2ILAFC#BLU$LN

I5M4D9N&5R#E7IC


MS_DR/I^)!OLJ[=5';W_&.



M;)GGA-(NL]!YH;H!(
RB=G63-E7


MY.J5_$)?A':2UGG-:-*'30/
9\1\CG)(%C#.7Y#M

QMMR2
XKW^_A0

:]/6F-_TI

M\




@]5I+V\G[27!WFE4A`
M^8-QO^&V.3LC6J]7*H?-$5C\JXS7FK52JE:?M\I+S\
\QGKRHU
HV\JUJ*L

M)Q#E`%-D6^R7*HV#+9#R'V(UJO6]4KE1VT0%4EC8A86]7K'N'CY;ABUK2Y\^


MZ;C0V2+9:9]AX#5D]G!G?9$$-9]4W$?_[K*@9OKEEY;$J1-P%EX'[H]?;_CZ
MVK#G;OAM







MYJ#


M6
!

M/L@SO]+'FPGM59=I++;-W#@OFU!7[H;4C,GB;G!+O%IU]%9J6[3Q9-K(RC
M4'RXT0Q$@UOKPR^PZ(AC=U'GI4_&@[-8--D:T%P[`#/H/#-Q
L]-$YTFV]80




:

`4F$$L!]'%]?MQPO\?#R`[\73H%H!Y2Z$!A%@

=;9@
M

_67;^5RGM50\R2@6A
MMSO;3]!&L[QY!%V1873ZUM'&%IRQ):*H9!O2V(+3BF0I'1..*B/3ZB6E6H[


M9;'3)=6

M*AQ/)P.U



M))F*-5(ZL-ZP
MUHM%2UC+N(0;N6!+;M]PA&RU$U`M5:JU+;O+J!PAVS)SBP.AAMP,-Q*?\$
M!T-_U_.YL;%)S

M+5LQ5NV[0TFDU






%^$*4KXG

EW4TMO?=.JSGQ_$6GE#W?S&QNQNY=PM_
MZ`;ML
*35#@/
WJ21!BGL1;^J9


T*+IXOC]M$?]!YVJ
MS;N?^/E&?`.!&NAFD=1)!%TTC?27X51O:S]:`WPBG&^2?`7B(/81)/S^C6+'






M;*EM&
_XVE@1YI[?KNJM:ZO5BDT%*F#T1GQI28&C*98B)VU=K/*WQP4`&[


!_O-VEZE&:G!E!%.$;A?



GFU+4T2E+/5/6^0LXKR^BHLB:U%5WIJ;;K

`30-K$8['<]Y;G!1A`[:GP.W?E?)`P;@(@

_[%2+9LA$0UNK!$R[&(






/FCI
MK!19$'I!F\
BP?-\=/[Z

MI;?HD+?MGOI

I9






MD0KLKX&B=:4V
#$64T(6MCJF

M*E

A=]4K-((L^B&RTRRQLI*
M`55H`4I+B0S)F&!E0EII5KGOLYH_-2L1]@R04U?L.21%$1.F:643:1HHW`BJ

=^J5(/S


MPSP[MK%C*ZA_83E

(S0F\3_
M

^H

9$WX







MLL%&7$72H\CI:/VL`V&-BUQDSDT71!V-#7&EN(T)&`RC\0@J'.3?2.=Q5Y


BP0G%)^Q5=G=;_HG^Z.Z6XZY;4IVF6%-&!II
M[Z!4K00`_^.@U&BX1I_C2F974?%^^:KCD*U0OXH14]K:U-'T$?24MQ$=9R*[

IP+Q






BD?/-BQ.5






/5PROLKE5<BL2ESC_J4-:0_RW



VPO)1'?B9XGO+W6A?2GZA

)AJ
M:TR=R#Z!ZHEA5IA=UG4TB
Q@`?Z]?\R;!
0HZQ=&18J\E@Z+%&C'8CK&F&J#
MO8QETU9

$*]8S5KT.&5<_49-N-_22




XB#].C]VF!\Z9)D`R*@FJ39WO'@-=?A8O


#Z:H_
41
MI](0?8$CQLOQ



OVD$K:#60=QO]
)Z#EB'L.XYXR9IPMD%H64O<N76X:^J!<HZD=Z`3R0#[;R
:9L7RO

M@PLU7/NR*_V%[A


KTNYKEMF;
MT`J

ZISA].RP__]`9V$_$U4H#!4$L'A3CU
MB:`5&NN6HGD6/5+$


FP;




1$'WI3-
=9!%$NI@W4U-OKU2<S8N)9\1&X\*HQ5W`SG^
M&*\YF<65AB.AV#N^FU1L`G)0JM1':G*F


M.-H&8/@2BH_':*7PY8*&@;

M#1Q&IKF??

\U?\
MXBEI
US


X/34]!R_J

K.L6QJ!D8A


M

MS

ML





&\S15W0%P_J)
M*MVAJO

=93


K:;F.CV@EO






MA0#









Y].

^-0NT+\Y$Y
M


WX:*],L0V<]`!O_)K@%WER1\Z`Q0F4_5HA3!82
M)NNT`G(-6DW%`=LK)FI%%0
&\07']_9.-D0#HG*?HY*?QZ+/_'IP\=!ESPO


M(Y@X

[:
8:8\DO3
M402^


M9DR'0J-7\+

K!NDF7HSFX9BEVCA<1W&6Z^478]@C





]8W

G=KY

M*3



M2

M/CQ=$H.AP'U%



_F=WL3B1$/J2C'(O-64=N(-^=@
M]OWA

C^N[<?)=]P1.CZ;9E[#OZ,HTG5A8UG\(JE0(\)_LG-#]SV;T_?7Z<C


!ST[I&[+\AM^02_$.YC


T_NB%JZ&


UO<6AN-I?K:F8PP1*1UWGG)Y2I[


M%@4J!6:=]OFO9_S0N]$N6\*Y





MW[2'-7+(M+I/QQG]81%G[;)
&04H#5/200G_
E$@C5K$`+\'8G&K+!UOE@17

/.B=70\&Y


H93Q9EBC;V]VK)F9A2N
M-`'P=\@
OQ]OWGY?77;R6+Q*O=DX6!*U$%0I\'H[IIU\W3=9;1F]
\BH`47&




MM]JL$MKKY8^SB9E'SG
JU


++R


$8!$)J:-H
MVDCN8M42][

M=$3Z=
SM413?J&-&WP]?


ME1Y.'T\?GDX?EYAX3K

):`_O

MA\.?



MZ3QY;`\
$WY



!TG0&HN21Y

M^

@

<O%<\?UH@?8W!^)&07%L9:@SPXI&


M

Y0GGJK$B2VH8-8X


XT<H9$<8S_!\NL26W94DG#^[^5+&6H

MI3&N9LR/$M0W?7WIZ5=D6^6]'1(N9?ICE3U!T:MVF2([?#R66L9([4C[%=@T
M[&3FE^!L_E[S,,'V\D+
OHJ*0EG2E\))/I[J9C]'5T(I0DZE3O2#7BZQV2





D
M]3?=-E7=4CL%E7.D\K$!9)8[-EZA7JF]0@G
'(D[FXYN'TY.'W:.;ENMV^NO
/*4P
MA:!:CA19=69B=,B2NC4K)
GJFG-E704_6/%A/3'DQ=43$M%#ZWP-SOOC[AK
V$F%;0L:%G0<F6T_,V^REEC6ZD[5[8



M(4JZ(ZMN[26%J%7*[(C/;W%V]Q;K
=O6XNSH]GFX&F;E(DXL<69-$SU&S'NP7-

1H#_U1W:U4@T3VFB*[[2U#





MLZM+AT1\\#5T?F_%

7[E



:G'*V*I3!CG$KF`SZ(.
MATI7!7,.1AJ/`$)B@!)ZN)[9:WN@



M%0;%*P)31F-G1U/!N&G+EFIY?GM3`:5LP8*Z



M1/U7;$;4F/BCLEMI^+Z/F#Z



M91//N]
-\DVQ+3=^6_*-4)RGBO/4NL]3&W\NV0
EYG-0D/%=K]11(BYW+@D+
MV@T]GE1V]V./'W[?3?(AQ='X&W_HP/24D4(Y*B#L@1%L(]HK?$T6RRT`@\1L

L`%`M)5T10:(I8X=+^4'1S*MWT`27I&HR2


X\8I12'X-*CA\``74(

M0JYQ;\Z_]LR'O3



F;V[.1
MD#L@'&=8[%R0A@6&GZ+'&3Q5J9?PLHP#CH.4&WT5!QHM]QF


0

M2+_

/J&2&XC8')G32.*T9=T49[X1D'ZGF
M7`@E7/RP)&AN:



M^63E'$E9#\!+VUM7M;12



MCNFI)G`*G-1





MH)TTZ]^?JI_^4][=K_WKGR)!S(;TR\
#/#S6[VBT._W
&)NO.6!=+J?'.A;&



;=\Y-1@7
M&&6Y$I;Q)01T8V+*HW]_8O_.K5*9YQR+U:;



WL]GZMZ!RO*#^2?ZZ@0$&!@@(?WF86<;FW\0KY(WK_KH5=OH5EC-^5]1
MKN-DG-;'BF<A0U64*@0&&'K^L:L;8%I\M(VL@([O&N*TIJ[$&LD
3=]=2





]%#_3
YE$@%DXQ)!@^7SW9
M/QZ'-X/?=QN(N1\\
0@3+]T_'WT?3$AR3B[@-\(;DPE`/1Y0
42XNWF%3V_4
M_^UY\/T\8W^R7//PC(WL$]!+M)MUZFTR



MN;QI;^)I)PY




:?C*XN!/N#*@TT1DH
MX$P8@E

]GT2-5?P!1K?O[M7)]9M#FY!C)+-3H)X8



WMBA+)&O4EN3



%^L5[V&M3RS4/*T

N(YNOCX/GF5_ONM7LC


/C@&@CWTLVN
M=(8G:
M5^8EAO^8^&[!1S/ON7=9BT%DG$0ID1V:!T-!T_7WQ]:QYNTC'ZP4F+V^^'<


MM!CP4B(Z_:W#P^/KAVMS.


MPC

&?=X_/

PI:VOUI'K^Q4-_S-_@6OCG.HR91
MO5)/MYX)\*6]%7PF=])W_LT;HUY+=!DVDKG[:61N
H`I
3;/L'A-^W?G]61Z


M:MV

M)MS!5:LW:VD6
@:VM


M.V
5`7YWS#?;'&2W@X0=*F

MPZ7C7_;WUO#5ZA'UO@O7D=64:


M



N]$V7KF6S
M


!E:.A]R0!P$:0#0Z.AP9%JRUC!*R


5&X
M:!#OT1DQWI78:L
_Z_[5@5?U.0)VUH^CJ&U

MD5\0A



F+N=5T%M3MTC67V#?P8R2D?8A0M1T@)$``W;K^N`2(N1#/X-



M@4]V
O#'+CQX)P`Y%#IJN-A3ONR6,I42[D6PRDJ7X+$(@K&,A3[9C8_+;=H
MB;$K%XV&?


MODUT/OR1T?
0U/








DR\T

*3*YX-ZJ5)O;(#^*98F[$W<


\B`TFTOO^?NF<
M???E<-N7./%ZBA+O291ZY=CS&%^BJ



K:XY%I9!H]U@R)AL3^9):B


M&2:*!K



MZ\
GO\'KV$'


H_K8P)L9:/$YII.MFDRTF8GH]9
O1
IG9
M\&N&7;+R#E&SO*XY=X?:2;'^ZVSN52Q;ZF5;F;&R]N9=\^#8ABY#RW#@5B.Z
MU+Y?=\.N]T#P#X.H4
Y:59.N;?#4K+I1TNP+[:5U\[J;([GH!.^R8[-%
[DG
MUM-TJ^C]?)1;#+LQKBY@I$4WM5/A@L==C.DCU4]-(JL3ZWP+\4TVA-#/SG


M``%N5$[1ZZ-?/W_C)^OYY
P8FZ*ID!7_1$`%$*'W^_?5#8XU_#%Y\*B\:21(
M`%



L@[M81G+#29FB1


M!P?-:N


C
FW(S&IN(G3_73?\J[M;IPTH2ASH4TR*(O]Z.)/3PY^H6I


MB-


:(9?@]:OYZ?3T23JE&O




MY&X!91?6F(/_?HGZSKC_(Q5+*&I9;/3R%+4L-C_E]5TAL])@N)M(8TN%M;94






5KJ:H`C!SSC
VY%HQ&K-:OU@?V'$XH$*

=D`5'
$W[4GAC2%[^$[&!9OBKNQE?!\*[C%
M6V&A[;@%V$!-\Z2_HC%/)O101?I+I/D`FFP.?]++)#0(8C6HNYO&+]H!NR
Z<<T\@59#?&Q+



\5HAA_A:U1]


MKD[\Q9V#J_+B9_



MG]B15-\1]8TSU\X,FQ%MU59PTU'AG4B@YFQ-XGNT0Q7R)UGI1RU@-3SF?D


MS5_%:F-EJ^C5[$NL$Y+4?2C\`AGUAWJ7BZFB^]!\6V_!\])F-'Y9544%P;9X


8Q6

$VV=/HE4''AW^F3YZ@*%
M&&

2@+?GWJX)W1==W-FW-5

&_
M[P&9E4KJA;/05VZO;FG
8$&I3;#CEW-#OIL+M4!6^:9:ZMM$S\J*HUX_JI6^
MQ$JOR@X

M5
#_O[^$Y]W[
V-L3H\N?@S$JQ9Q
B



M/2ZM[]VGGV_M7JO?$4Z'QD']H%$3I$#\D(K#_^'AN7]S=P9?@-G211)?BB=#
MO5';:^R)(4





M&BU=[_R\F9R1XQ0MW

MJZ

M/3

MP`^GM^3)N3
_/9X=;K;(@])&G)45^H!HM*%HFJ&WO\?6$E]
MZ7$PEM6I*K64SD`'$=?`LPP@#$B:7-L[):D*[N[*WUFB]&L5LM_1E]ROZS\
M^64W;EZ/_/?OID*B#P0*4[S`+Q/-@V-?NAUU=W]`#R_M(3K;+^$.^R\C%5+
MI3;
U*O8'!DF:#9IH



2R`Z[U)S=;8
.SSL*O=!%O(:J#H1MDYYVH`Z
M@_$!0CB\VU.4DF.&&-CAFE+JF6-\074+1*Z%T8*^1@D1$M6+7BYIYI#9P6D
M\S'@JDL/..HI!84`:

K6G#E6;`7-CO#(U7F%JO+PK77N=

M@2\=?


?GUIWLDA(0DT%TM+5)AXSW3U]
MF4O/
U9MJ%!TLCK6OV[L


M1!ZB

]:%6VT*+)
$82$C9(Q8

M+2BWS`=7VDH


M*R)U-D[]%



81](Y_;YWK=T1R_F
MD[


M.YZ]J/
CTN/DL8-JK)?UMU$
[.F`$R7

M)3$G$

JS+3HGS+8UE?
M2(?2%WG
!!
99(^N+C.L1&U5C(QVA@+$D@GG!)6$8M'H0E0L%&7CDA2[837R
M



7FDY$*UB<++8(
M5HW)^%WN@XF7!IQ5CF@&K!Q^WLBM.49S0L<TW!9S5-N7J8T%Y_@S)73F=*L


DRIQQP%:`3U6]
M]Z_`LZ/1WCDJ*CIH+HRH649)A0A0LC(1^0I35\


M0FV)_Z/:W
(2(S8(SI[_
4@






17

!9_QJ(?5LH1M
#?.










XOV.RCFF?L2;M$ZZ=%V

NRDL91QFI#HHG.5N6BGTN+^A


7^H


A:JU^(NKP5M_\/!Z


_Q

M9;O[3


M_)QP0\3;0P]F'?MF\


PANKSQ
M2)=!T[%\5;`AGYL26)`B@]

M3!XAJXJWW1:]M&K?U885

MN_Y%YH8





M51V/5T.*E2'E)L:.$=R;LF@.]2MY%
4G[73A2H]9B`
M.(X)2_.61*X'$M#F[5NJ]\L$?2W/B$4S6BS13#\K^2&V4FO`NTLN0/9\)
MI_VB:QH6,6[V!=8:1:G3)AX1]&!$!9H1R=VVF_M22]:``%7N!T;:10D6WY




'UP[CUW2[-@1%WJ_?_SEPB'14NZ:N6^CU3&1Q
M`
;.%-C:`IE.V





]`&JZY`C;^D;&O;





A`4W9%$G(8
MNRB+6






!\6/
MAP[\V@H[\R8]+4']'%_B_.KTZD5F%\
)#;%*U5DUE/LE-O$U












M=D84&;1=0
3PZ0A1QJT6^$*:(U'F?.&#
_`]3A!UDRZ*70Q=
.'C5&CG)7AY
M






MRUR14IT8JD2H+L

MY1(119.(1MJN-*2\


CD2






M1VVM%(#_EUFAL


94K#'-

Q(@EKS/6+$HNKZNRBK1)*ROUX!E-*9BC8E2@\BR
MLO&FA!,3VE):6_J+$M64BC'W\;$Y_XX2$B4X&D9E
-(
23:=E-X2CF;
M7;CY47C!IO9S/_N*G5`)NV&.F6)9.O+$.HNZFY5&4+=1=VM*D.HNYNINS5(
M05.?UUQ;9-*?K;8XBY_F6T'K)4NI?]`\`WIP8!I&



A34@3TH0T(4U(4]EH



M/


MY4KWS:Z[44IV-BJ9)I&5FNV_4&E'G3GE

M9IUO6_;3G4COCBUO9(7C.TFD\EWSXDZF=WO
9OT6^-K6]]C/.9IU!]VQ*W


MH%
IOR8W@JA5T1V.A0/?QSFR=/QP3Q/XH35D2$V)/$V9Y^-YW2C9Q@4;6\$$


B1[`\B^#/WVR/ZP;0NY+H
T`%S_ZUFN



MHS)+[#^Z[L










],_;<:`7WE'
M)]!XB(!(O)<5&(I&=16J]D+&=N+WC_TH[_/(]2OSAV/04.CR+)BF`:DKGQV

C\GSAQ3^#W4@S

=GX2.XSIBF(:DF9#23








MI%R!_?BVI83;EK:^Q^O
T2+P='NHZ(8%F[EN8+7;?

MVQ9:KF7?OVF1

]U3Q^F%FCP





M1B
F



A-4A-01!:I`:I*;F
MU.:3-HUF:8_M-S\5F3RMI1
9*A)-R1R@5P@%\A%F;FH7QT+.[9A.[:32X#8
ML5V3(!:K@_7*V)`:I*8$@B`U2`U24W-JL#J8MCIX

M;QMKA1N5AR






MDR@W
#:'7O/H*;;5&SZ8;4?7CL&Q4655DR#=2Z+8P-#\O'W8V6T?G(^OFWP



8D==3.^&.4._8.;4W?O=PL\NM=$




MO[OKG@UW([CM

'I`G1T

M..LE$




MC$W4\T&/)G$X
19X

M47@P

MUE'LPU=].S(=
L.:

:73DOF.1[5)'IV]O:G^]J;/4@U


M1M:VYT4X/TCR:


M+)W=!@
*/$:S;H?

MG#I(]+9
W^G(YX/1S[R89
:ALZ5UXO/F&M)EJF'OL$NOI/@O$A
J[I8DZ?=;
M()



@\#;J'9&*GR!]&'F*?NMWZGCV8O/:
\
MFFK+YY3?



M)6\ZMV?.RO+)*X/[Y&?WFJJ'Y($O




H



4E)YB^:*]8EP6UCS

N;EAEN*!/-@




MS'O^DJ\.8)/X8EVZ7N:M2\_5UCZ+L]AE?JP)+2LKQB#K.6G
LJKT+;
)(O.?



M

M[QI;X24APDBQ?0CV=HN+5^O$L4Q@;QYQDIQ+]')AK3]4THUQ%UY-*
6XB+)=
MR?
*)49+%<1X7?85&Y++X!F8Y<Q68?R)2DW9L%\^V
M8TIJ0


L






M^;
LIQH
^B8C2$Q):GN5@&W%/]

MI1\H$5F9]R8[#&/``X




^
1TL@

M!LA852STN5EUK440%*YUTZBY

M
E&JI%HJ$TW+27]VZ24U2K1*CG)(!W:VJ014#.,@\%H=0*^T_+*+60*)=`
MW+5YY!4UPV`&`AS3XZWT]&A1BZD8FSF=?JJR#$Q/2'Y&SO:&3:+BR+J1E@



2U0$7!P7NE)YH!@6TU&X]2E!PD/QHIZP:1U[:LN5'^W7#@2:E!

E&K:&ERPIQ]7WA




[0G#Z*1K\K@=\#M
M


M:30
7YX;+C.23?4?1QQNJ)1-TJ@U'S8SP.5FP:WC8$%TT6UVROXL=\Y::I


$HJ7WPY#2/_$F7H!(.?


S]]760






`A-;FDKTQ
Z^KJX


M

MZ;GC[Z[E+T\DUJS(P45(A/



+G!_+`%JQDIAF4-
M[LUX/L5*!;Q.$.]@'=\1G\W%()R5(ZO=VJ/CE9RN

MLFVZHF*1V/L0.-FXDFH.I$^H`W\D&Y1]&JZO!%N_GXI/T/?QFDQ#KA!#$U
#
ME%L;/BG

M
*?D0-HI]R6*:9RQBF`^;/LP03+PH7*1);L


^!(XA$(!#YT
YH&`6V%=$6Q,S'
M83C_<A!V*0KK9'3][#NU;X^A`!FPW,$DYD<Z:T+SKN\F-X3K8'ORP:Z_A%A
MX1..@H&Y%=N/!9%5Y/)ZR

O+&3\\K-U<R+0N8C:U6

ME)X+OUM6'`0L;=F.:/NP$%(292U&4]X%@@SZ9K)@U?I!`[OD@XAE\*O+C3
M95_&$0QNV[8S3!!%73N4`NK_?WG7UI0X#$;_2A_WH:NEM*@S^[+(B+/K!:&C

M^1JOS5@`=Y1X


MMC7T[3*'G=R

7]:[?IRI%P%K]^\C8?

M?$L9MCLPNB-Q+
(B
YN=)V*B^#Y(+GJ_^T
9O*#K2J*5QT0F-3ZW\*?U)'+\
MSG^T9?E`P?B

MSS
A8TPBO+*:_;IQ71DFMGIKRSB@/C(RO[[P`GU803R]-/-)'#0T1BCE9\(P


;NEQY&!$'!K^L
M&'#^AA@







MJY&4
GH=3#L_-8';Z+'_]Z@_CBBKCRS]UO`5XC3PPN?N7?(
8V8L#^

N
IWL5C[[_;93RG/

RIACQ8+D




MT14P?S
1MK@O)@!I)*WD!C._6%4AW4Z'!:0V`5@LDQJX\S




M!4+O(H%4!S


M4#LN-#!8!J''Y!9FV



M;F=EZ^FMB[(-FULWUTG)LP^WB[!L:/C:T$GYF8HR:
SG(+NN)-S'7ZC;D)

MAN36:K=F9Z




(XFLWNA0$UE[%%S]3!R+L6[(MY(#OC
M'5I-@FK3:NR%NW''V!T1G

M&[\'X@
#+N


MXI`
C\DM

]!7[=8RF*K5
QR\*N+KT'_@Q7#/CQ8


-4(%R

M_9L7&AU%JXR1OMM.FSB]M6V]RO8



M`+O4*)

M8].O'!E2A'1NRRKSB:Y

M`7




T:C=I8OT^A


MZ-CZ*V_%B-E7CZUVNCSY8






MG`LK[-##V&X;TOAB07BG(K*%P0UO9RI/LWM`MQ6&C`+=N@1M8RZ8HF+SXT49
M

JXLNN\1G@^OL;]!Q'V+

MY






??_O]'W_\[1]__/V75E_Y]OO_





`[

-\NP%H:34-:'5_



I!-U6_U:4RGU1&K?.\T'?M%LW93_<RE/3%(?DJYXA2NRTM.U_#\%
MT_)??T3H&=TL2-
/8B92-*X`9U7?NU`%P0943;MU4_3#K5S5_.@!QF_C'X6G

W0C_5723



M0*N=0_]U4)]X^&T\/B&D&:A5`2Q0\



VN
MO3O9$T-U=[:A_W#=]\_Z/5CDR;





M5?N#G:W%\/_@QQYL0GE

TJ?M]H;C78:FZN^^0D[L'H\E


M

M08+JY[7B

U&OH
IIB


&PM;)D8


GL2




3@:H0\

)%1S*<C#?`4J/DUHNQRHCG

/?V*&`[ZV-N@@:=.SERBQ:\9(-W#9QF0A*1%

SRDH=[]\(X?[PJI^U`5A)M?



V=8VQ6MK\F
M0+LHCFJ[*ED=@IN


V3OO;%*XKU6AFL'E\'XB6.)9LEP[4-ND#13WU-



M58/'JZC'(=]



M3*D[D(


YS



!FEOL\1%J0K';
M([R&O9&_F5`BL7M]A-M/]B4%!-4LX/UPT@O!#4*IB7!;S8`3=:B6B?5L]/%


+GCF#-5(T0\!I^\(;B*H3L+M[HIQ+`R]XTGZ7OPS=00W




88S!(GU3^T/XS[^

M?)0\5]DF

Z#^1ST
M^X$U6Y^ICJ




)J`H2[\QL


1_4:SV(0[%=\D4(]YY
MT4A8S3!TMXDT


M'99][^V:.^=SS_+K
%51#I+J3`H7H/27#*29KT:A/OV.['RI36H8J<I0;QB(TVHCQ*)41@4<K

?9*V.
&/QJ
B`;4`W9/
M\^K]D-,DKPII]V25!^S.,:9(E_\%-6&.<T&M%2U75Z)W(BT=?*=$)@Y5%[`M
MQ_@@F02]+]G]%G8^D=71*H*C/W3O?SUT)3X+PMI]J0*`/;$Y7?6`I(ETW$+

M8IH_+9C/UU5VK\OE1C


EZ]8KF)RRD

%\^YS5&YU+D8_?.=FL[
URH^$ER(4ZD#$+YN\)QA24
MNT



M#1.GAQ/
@7E2/1']EMY.M5W_MJ/J'WG+/K

M_TC_1_H_TO^1_D_F%BE3#WK_/63JA6^_F@P]J&!^5$IUB.A?W9
'7XIQHR*+



K=(3WN[

C9

MI.7N#TB/1GHTTJ.1'HWT:#*W2GZR)M5TO2NOM&2]XR^4&)JBZB9U3?V1KZ
MZY!IL_'&W1;C$L4JEK\O%$M

M*4'O)YB_$Z^R8CHZEK7QR






M*HGH7M1W-I+VG6S&^F$/G=W*

D'Q:UPM#O$9ZN]BX34R5;R*7(-<#/P`[6MR(_S?&KZE:#X


MS+N?@``\)J3-X$K1S?0?'$\+
QQ$)&]S-)ZTJ
\?O)DJXD$AC155
;JY_I.?


MAR3KE;5_]PQGLEMZ)\3'9VUS!HS/Q90I
(0T?TIU`-S@&)YZT8]H`+%Q-_:J
MOG.?N6DQG[[9^]G30EKV:14!&W*




UI7[_9/O'K0C(@

6P2*4)J_CM+BJ@E]\T<<CN*

MZE`



0KE[U?%$)*[\R'=)^D^2?=)ND_2?6+H

(Z4E4H5P2?OOM=A%U:+Y
M[B'/X,76;?\Y`U_GG&28R
65UA!TC$!%IH=K%17O0!`[SH\!)%T7Z[F$
MX.^\IQ:NP\LO7CIQ4LO7GKQTHO/[SBMQ`=I)3Y2WG*4Y%GQRJPREG'0ZU







M=`P7R18[5)D.)IS_*AF

G%

=E

ZFT0^S&H+33/:NRR^?MA\67E[KI(YTLZ7]+YDLZ7=+Y8

:E'!ZA40H@KM454.%%\DQI\)FDH_JSY
M^&7S=Z+BR\K=!9%.E'2BI!
EG2CI1#'-=(`Z%AO]%&NJB?H&8[(VC/BY#6*_
M2\EF\/Q=P=VD6-4'G,A,A9\5,#?2?_8:B0P?ZS7809$OUX6$CQ1`M#.I&!
MX*
.^)$IKD[I693`8\\`RL*&IXH`^



MCI)TE'YJ1^GI]A6@
8\=`HK]


1M[-40OXYT/
M'W5L&)ZZ
=


OFX#[-EH$`&F2@
M0`8*9*`

MO)#N%'LEYA\LR!SVQTMMO@#\05GE7KLV-5!'AV3M'`J\8HJ@+S#Q)DD/A*

M/3NB1:%G9Q@5O6K4HJM0A$!#4]TX4]5\-SXOY1%?B%5
\6&%6&)Q'XO+:(*





M_J@


M38L(-0'DX!$V)'GI.X/Z?$Z$ZS3PQ;2QHVBPA+0`P$K-4A!`%XQ!(7;67:


VUY]//3\XUDL[3Q$%E9`.5*A2

ASJ*UK7524H`.DM#X`9!2FSVH$
#@/**
PZ-VVJ_1

*7Y
M(Y`2$H&5&H*4%4#D(#+-F94N9/9=&ON9$`VV:;U`F@%(&B`%I&4!3#$``
M'I%#;=%ZV^(ORX'94=)V``!*0M,'44IM]Y!*`*/SB`:^$==TV'%/+4W96FF;
M?3I*TB8_@%)JHX=4`AB=1[3OH^[9(7D#']K*G[VYE[:45\T6M*!'X!6:C*`


O'`;12
M\P%4$4`*'M%`0E@376^;Z]J\T[N$DVMG!4JZ;#P



ZPL`





MYAS=:IZ]]3!M)EL8*$W7\0A4:A;0%`



M)@:$85*9_PM


MA6@H^8_V*T&7JKL@+'UWOZU4=?\=J_*[87KN_0I1[K??__;MIM[;Y;\^N*JH


MUS6^Y@[#YWUF!4IF=QI0F6U/54QT9UK
^.?ST^MRLE8=HZ8B1ZN^L_:H)U-]

M


U-F\RMO-Y2`(Q#G@LK

M


M+;=FK:?][EBI9VD1:#`IB/``4WH/H%
#RO4.5UW
*'UC76MG_.\=;)8'X8





M$D`
7A'-UJS56\WP;F?'U*TLL^A4H#23Z(]`I:=!4#$``7A%
Q?'RWB_6#ED
M@]HR=%9G=J04%`@BE9X#(=4`).`5T9R-QQ;^O&CYJXE7W8R#CFC`%)0``$O/


5

MCEEZDD2H\A@Q2N2Z?1-_*?6]A=T.`IV?K)D+(H&3!.#H`.6GB.0H@"\(IB
MKEPB7LLZ]WK*J)%EISD$E8(4(:C2TR&L'(`(O**33=.ST%7L^`X7^()FN`/

M93_*
M%%!TJ37?D1J/0LH&(`O2.9I@7GIS\2BR_WQVQ#]R9*$_0EBDI`


M!

%J:9;L4M-*S@JHB@!2\

G*Q9$-W-#D/
M



./%^OTYL?

:




9J\WK:
M!


F];GLT



M4J*CFL5$N

M





!L)D($P&PF0@


M=497Q\-UC40!&I2=/&Q!TS*&#EH-P@`*BP[









M#*`I)?]EM_%D6[4]


1OIP65!C-`2,0!&*S$5(E1$Y\1_%<X)?/(2$?)Z:BC[
MEK-/%Q*`81*Q@`)38O/3E$*W^]^+]PGG,W+4Z<%:U&J#=$8',)+Y@`&,$IL[
MI`XH%Y\T

M`ZA():8!H!J`!



?II(+YY+U

M-T

M2ZM^D22.%*`(-M




MDL#$
@_Q4*2^W=9K6V548\@H`#@[EX+`56-12'%%+L5++.U!=YT9^NZG_;QZ

2A)R=1R'DJK$HK+KH


MB%IO86W)BMBVWJBQ9E1D(:RX12^DFBP#%%ID#H)TDJ

M1H-U`8QX1BF@DARC*3)Z'W7188H73=N](_D'.U2OWDZU\2:`6_WLU=C0C
TQ

5

M^=-]E@O]!WIE[*!#_A@#:
$]



M.`/

M+3HG:=&QQA\V/IYMYUSJ[XYS'U3G&EB


MBA++]WA;G49K!4^&+?UYL.B835;`%/X'`%AV?H**C*T]U3*^=8[$1GG[7YW
MY^

6']5E)SCU8+L/]
M



M


2%PXS[7VB87E'L66







(`
9
I`A`QDRD$#&='[5X`&G=XY#Q;.MDUV,9^U47\*GQ;





!F95`0MEKD

=YN.HL%*X8!L%DY%82M%HM2J/SYN\B
M\&;A]+K.I==O'?O8@V/%&P`V*V^L-7B34AIT.2,
3!?\?663GN+_-AAR5W




L0W6PJ)B/Z@+@9V1/&K11Y*&H3


MJ*JUCN


^-92+_%C?N^O33O%XC[



4_\9&8W3]ELUP=)R(6:XM)^`EA05%YIS@$4=.NO&N/YJ&[7):G@9

A)E#D
M3T!02-F%YD5@


EE/(6*?UIDXA_[(?!6Q`++SH6JS\K^

K!:_CY#5/2VWK&A[6QM8VX^JSI3'4?%^BDP96(&
7AN


\02;@@OM_




3#UW;EL*042`V`SZ%L2O')HKZBDR;EEQ@_7;L&6I8]5F3
M-*N==L1F0N8E

M



V]\!R&AH$9S$''0:O'*5HGR25HHWH5QTR1U.I@UK
M3YY@V06V`SH%
:N')LHZ@/()$IT?7K05]O#:+4=U5A..=-@6:RS^@I;.?8\
M*@T@CBA1=#R.0/_7_=WDZ/ZECO[IDF\

M'GT]^+O%G37Z[G0]EF'WR`)8Q-WI!52.9I`B`8*)$GD?^$M=27Z@\WVVO#ON
M*!%YCW
(=FEN6;1D-E@&M'F`KQZ-'
MI0'$$24:/VSA3R,/!W)?<5[DT^YX)TN0QH]+X0!J2(*J1S%HA0*$$Z4*/QR

^
^RWIP3T

M/21B#LEIC'.?#:PZ5E#AZT*;0E%9D

ML=

MM



@;0@GME+)179&`AL;RV@S^1^7(R
M
-F2P:U]K+'CT]
BLO
*+J)J_(I09I&!B

H*.#NG


ALVHE%KG=QO'9
[C;Q/^WE'DY0Q!8^
M.ZOH\%6C%:#$(K-K)Y;9VO:FWFQB#=97.*LH$]3L+'I`K1IY'E569-;LQ**2
MQG.TK777)S(*.+71



G$
MM/`%M\&.3P!P=BH%@:O&HI#BLV0G3PJ:[8;[VV=GID,+%B&('D!F$R8/(

M2J=?;]?W\/%&3%`9+(?[BEHUVCRJK-!
U8EEG3B#J3G3#MV^SC:8!`!GITX0


M6/+%;%5?-JWS_M1F.-U+0\U.J`?4JE'H466%9JU.'C@][302ENB0I/^#SF#!

;.
M3B
*=M681%-?H5FD$TL\:&*!V_@T2CS3_+9MLB


)L.3.4*7


MJL:M&41!
D8JXT]76G2V[.27^-[A')&1+M61$


T4)
+NU#5'P2&T^IS(



_[S=?R%IW2FZ1K3RYWEO


F/4$/2.O(/1*L0I4H;A^5J/_=G44O.Z5

L$CT!,Q3]Y
ML#V_/1(Q:9UO@93I[)P*%-R/RT_1Q2[_S%:+X7EQ);[IS)PN1Y&+*?(IB#D?
M0P55G(=AQ1:[S#2;]+.!-7!(Z.^M:]4<.Z;5T'

M\

MA*2J%RCF!,XTTZ=5.12NTR.Z'8W-RJ)3$G8KBDBM.0HEJ`A&+.W&AU'
@?
MXJ_#]H4\`^]'RK
WWR82FX72-8%EV^[0*AM
M!V8/T3!GZY]#V:\=R)'?K0N^3IKK(!#CEEF8
&=L.R**W(Y?TQI5RNRXGNU
M\
])
6GZ$\*K!CK:!/15+-PU
MUO5Z:]1ZV\[AJ9]L<&F9$82K!C%2BIR^7A


472
M
P]PB9CA#)&*&.$




E][


MQ;@GA/$9K2P

M17Y1%0D03*!H_=Z[]J9K?*&%_HDX28PI.AMJA=KR*NPH$5J@)%YU?XAT`:


MS&A:ZMR%1GUJ#J`1`)%[6M7:ZQTA[VW=X5P'A=/16;T7+Z1^PJ4BFH/H!
M`D7G9P.MUAYW1OY&IM.%\=)3`)W1VM


M_AOOAK+[TK)OP&





7]UQ002_Z$(HU69#;GHNN*
M_S].!^U]N]/Z3)



MFK;

MH.@JMTD60G3AHNL-:Z'!Z6^%D8S[;RDLF?P=/3/=DY
1BEX?^*F1R?M^;VX






MH\*L=VN




MCK7NTK1SG9ZAE9
+^;Z6\Q.0





[F4$G+:V)8BN+/&6*5%[LE.+WJW


M0Q9%BRALB0+J;+(?=#IQ5ZN9E.KIY?Q\AN=W










+@'94V\@P7^UC+K3AZ9(R)*84@[6BF591U5I0#I



IR
M+*1*@&2BS4@TCLO&R58F;7T_SV.$2H%G.3+]E]9;CTJ$26:#
-;Q=G?26#



)X3GXFIZ%.HH+3J3W.



M.BCX
_[=Z.AZ%W^P\UA)]Z0DEOLD@)(JRS]0M0`)19OAV
ZFZ%M[TEZM%^X@






M-!.U)0$C0*?\_?';'^@U5*CN_0

M6LXUM-]6N^-WW=CX1D




MOF*NF=#G&7@F$H'@%:(2K$`4/RCSB/EHN&U\_51%]VTV(2:(=!,!`J!5H@X
M884!A.$?2M;-E39NK`Z'T77/9EZ`IAM(N(K8(5(\J@H@#\X\83[^TXZCHX
MTMU?L!IL0Z9B!(K1!9P@H#

_


M=H58!*H/(!/_'&W6[\2]ZLYZ_L!9RIC05HMM%X$+1O`DK#`
__#PM:
-

1)0'P`J1Y%%1`$'XQX#]]1TV/E^WI]?U6HO-&`F&S406



M1!8*;(4H0U

CW&QM#@6W0LRAJ@T@
M#__([X`TCZOI6!^



+GW7S.01?(6I%

MW'9=16$7;(1`LVT2#H)6B#)AA0&$X1^=;FQ;7;]E'/=:ISV;):40:;A$`K

XAB$MU_.T`..C?PS)NQY
M@IV)0A!VA7@$J@\@$_^(]1N6=;+LXPWQD_F(N&J
5BQ'0V?+B4*'KA3(.4!
M1.(?N:X[H_K,499VI\8F(PH-,!-I'@`K1)5'10$$X1^)[@Z:'73UU+8&JQZ;
MV#,=,MN.B$?(M$DJR`*/PCRAW]U'$G:PO=F?3@D^:S0V8B2@R0D0)*@L@








M\&I_[K2=D7=.1,S5MDY,36Z[)^ND_4S^50IFQ]PQ)=&_G'+QPGQY[;S;OG
M!PO

ME).
DW]/
MA6.H(5STS7?3!P)0H]<$TZ19N!:.@(JI'+E9O?EGLBMO2G:^=(8^=D1

4&=GM-P?+OM&\O4)&?!9
(N*7SUJ


2I`!JH7[]

(1'C\C__W8S$/WL(XF2VC__DOO_[;


.O
M*PW$O
['*WUC&7=T3H[4TT\G\84?ZS`:A:-]A.1Z3EJFYFG:I)8/MI?#$ZMS



MDS3Y8H
]?/O_RZZ\;^M]WA_TS[-^N0A-OK#^;9GY']


((O







\_)R/'I.6BZS'2-)]!9\V)*

9TYEP_8/1[#MQ7TR9:&[60R6\PQZF-_M



M93[^S:@7P?I]SZ@%OH)&;#-G0K@UM7KFLIK'),GNEDR[,__&?9C=F^TZ+1=
MU.!IV@`ND`?PQP/?!A#%^Z1O/L^V)X0D#
\Z:`6_JI+L1L$8-KMZ#:;![&
ME32^R3)F9V+F&2=Y^/0,IS
=(N5@[/&13+PR369_$N__9?^I!\V;\:(_5F
M3@1`BOW^2++#L%PLEE%WO1P^=Z?]%$MUS6=9[VR]F]!X$+3KL2O`NP^A4
M0:%U







HAL/E:QIX)QR&:2

MCU48)6$J



N`/0O


3C_O*DLK


4G+0
MI4_3Y3R-



(3]\M@X!-1T%T<$YGBNNGN#
%7WY8%O
:!NMET`_B[5DIYN.U
MX]HX`K]R#OB\:RS50=#`_^QM-@JC$3^9%YRU1SYP%@[L^2&(8/XMC`=+D=0.
M^V+A_MALD8FC&1/C

MO\I2=07
H:7(:7H2130T@&7C0PG0B^=
A?RYY%Y`W`.3^EP)1M;H,*&&
M40S#%QVW9@&KA-13B/H(32%
6BNMH+%Z:[E8S-9TBBQ9
;.
2+6T
!KFP2EP
MYGZE%N=


/JGK6`MW.6<\;6`)7<&UH(5R#7:`A6&`Z$%*=GK\L



%

M[%$NNN]O


MRVM:;9TLZ][-*DG339MT@6?#




A89DCAJRB]$*;!21Y.A4








M(.MN6JLPIH.62?`?^Q/_E^O-NO@_

]IV



M$S^(GS^KF7%YZ-`7S@LG'$7$7?%XR^%5DYW%-Z6,'(\`B/^^^?X(7I[].?
MKJ.W




M72M%KT)AA62(J&


MGF.?B



M8?:N



*R&E7TE/-Q9#]9?

6X%L+6BP)E?Q:#`

M^/##



D7O+._:'`#Q<`$/=G
MTL]#^I0R34

MBV2-[NFVOR[H;R\
(GHEF8V:;
N(+WTI(:L
M1Q;Y2T!-/9G]I)HDUA=
J5K
M)0F


M^;IM_



M*(K)#
X9K%W$

MU_3D32=

M:FCJ/_OI1?:Z_9.

M@VGR2


-D.2P.3UJ2NR;[
XUZ#^U)/)#SD


M'N)U\8P

7W!(]MOYQ-N#@C^J_$U0KE4C/
%



MH

DV=?)7BI

7^P_;PYQ;@28)


SW_V
-V4(

DZG@W7
MNUSS(YJM[]-#^=I


9`3F@(+HZ879`6V@0#0B

\P/^\GX8A



:U5
M-G`8KY





M2H3&5+-F;V%/_YE4

M@

);M?
M1N@2?2#*1(:53@5]BJ1

+*;'!)9C)-/#%R%88
M$*//Z6(0
YR8F




MB\FS/$G5D

M$K+&O942OT^FT)\-U[.WV7H60H11-[!KNX(!%'*I!XY#.27_Q424-WO82?6L



/O@ASWKQWGH0'5A
CI
`@M7.
M?##8!
N]Z:!_L.U8#ZQ1C[%!L6G/ON\#GC:.;&D;5L/M?Z^C:OJP^$9G2M1G

TQP0C/NS.'@C





Y6[G?6$H-%CC8%E_F^?WF^W_KUX$B;``Q
25\'/FU!


9-..`S3Y\?!/`MPF4M`TC$N

Q


N[@1\'F\4H
H9G;

MX5TW[R^ZI5B')P(V41IS;0%T+MJ1SQZ==SML)+WEV?#E=1:'[=ULJG8*FW7:



M

^T(M*^LXAJ
GFQ\]:?$[G.L$'E




M6-%5*?OJR(=7GM'HT$NF)9.!EX5J%^]^/
F+4;*$6L`X@RO2OHN'6^1
'AX&
M6\V?*41[G;-FE[P
;#4=RY

M42V0[86[&L%D)NIH=RV9_[:].)A%I
Z_/Z\0E?&WU/U!`+(6O:WW#;FQ!B
IW+S)#9<['!!<1B*O/EW:EDN8P5!X':'BQPE0

-&(WO0G2_/^PEY6;=?
M$:CV?#
$YH



M`
HBL1I
X@7N%3













M@5=M02PTQ!(+A0X%ZRKP[1QVM:4]J+131;M//Y%W*)T?9_5M]ZIW]IAVY'=?

M:E!I-=H7S:YO
QE-H3^7EM`=`6G+G_E2A\4P(L/(Q:=F5TD9'#@N#@9KQ)CK


MM+O7/NOT_GE2Y]8CTJE@*4=#*2
`



I@.2W/!Z&B6
M/Q4A2#'7V7H_3RAM%!F0J.ATM&M8L/9).Z&(EV*@%C$5#2MP@594Q^D;+1

4`H_R9






\Z?J6#I==1.UY.TML-BI?@V5_CB]RS]7]XP7@0
MLDQIX)L4&#@:`B1%,F@@_1D']5VIW79(?6G_$D/HB!8RMU`(%T8V-8*$36
M:4





A


VBV3JLIUEEQ'P$$CX?*(&9/]](

!7/Y*;=???'7\R'Y


0L+





N'*@)-2

M+


M8K&;RZB%_M5R*M^L2%:];I8TKPJB42BS%ME2JPOK(WKULJL2BL7SJVLTHZ3=
MBX_A-&U%V'=]-J^N%@W;?YV%HP\ZJ9R25?23.8%9K@0B(W\)XL$SNF@F











E8-5K`OG.G1(\64=\$*DKWXDARI

M(J31Q9W\8`ME+CHR9(_NM&\V#





M]_L
J61GZ82E9I3I0-&DM


[Z7VU;S]BOJT7=ME:FF/
M2GY:E)(5Q@X+,E:0,X=2$[3AFP0





6-
M91S29627\?)UE9!%P:\Q?7TOF/A-.6+4*T=VA


MRWA!





M)I%*GK7Y\EV9\((&8


IY%P4
MAR(\+[0%
-W'Z=Q?JV5)J\XB^A^R!\I;?T[GD@A
[9*TP)C+)6H!??*69.CX
ML[7$`Y;GB5HMV`!.^6XO^R6AQYW?I6P,8#?&!.S]^\5TCYN?B53C&]CMKQ
0EVF

41!KT&%C

MHVJ8#.


;!





MNQ5ZLVC27LYGPS!AMVA5IV-Y\W5C67''EI16,F^H#9D?O\*&]L\PAM%0RU&
M7--'Z'@

OT\'.MNOW+\;8L#3\`UM[`^.2/:)O[.W0

MU9(G%ZYZV6*7&Q6[')^3*1&=R\'N^T5]A2=?/.OZNL6T[I14O/9ZH51`@
8E




MAFMV

MC`1;*S\%J1W7#RDXV%QB_BC6'CVL85DPFYL`


!H]9ZW?8`







MC[?QTWK23-:W:$K,JHM(B=&73*#U3H?I
3EVG5.':G0`3'SQW(X
;2BE/C
MUIXV[)/!N$((L`%5'

Y
T`%




`QP8[\0






0I`
M!BK2OSN]FX]6%


M*@14C2R*@U0+R;

`6/VP

LT


NQ))E\69;LH9;3#ONIEQT
;N9E^.`MB1K
MSWAX5,N[3(M`VG6X$T3P

5B5J-_+OXI#WV9\7
M6VA/






VU#1LATOED(.G+GED:Z1P@U`W4(N


00:XR<6J?


.U]!I@!4Y


@KPJA:

UAO/-ZOMZM3ZJJ%*7BF)#
S
MTY0]!/-:8C\G`]'@)F26$RYL2[(.CPM*M53

P3;83[FL4'#S;<X##Z2_E61E&HQM4S+L
=.




%9YH`1LZWX@C6R+B($+:T:.)]7DO.DVZ3#&]\J`[6PH84
M%DED#-F=.

=3A(B\-



M%L-3IR0M`CXM30FX7=7&U1%=:[:^HY

GJ+Q`:BDV;PY(KP[7?ND@%CFUD)6(ZUB






V0
KW`K[B989VZBS;O@0K4DZ\HX
M4%1+MR#0*)UN+I

MS
F..4#F+#Z?%;3(P:@#'!'RL`/@B`OGDBPV*P2JXL`#:!9(S`Z7FV$@&WOH
M00[:.F

M.'+`A6=)5IR!`-08;C@Q!Z1:ARO.=!!K8JBA&+*Z`PT(F+604E=D=G'MHTE#






MW3WQP05L25:-\?HLV8W8Q'(M@[7C6DV


ORPD7MB591L8%I5KJ99L$

3;%O6].3`'IT^&+U5T8N]Y4PQ/G?UN$/!I


16EBF+$P8Y+7$PQ94=#?(\5X83+FQ+
MLLB+TK%&:],DT:=;C82Q?%V'-?Q6&L

M/A;3B.QLK%

*-W
!
K&P?R/*P3\UQ(EF3Q%@`[Q3E8&6-`.G6X4$L=
MI]CSKT2`JC/[@6I-O9I),/!9!BUDRHTC_G'^3`TWATI9A
Q8S*[N7(-VIQ
M_SRAUCG8[[$H+N0=(+GNN)`OR2(O01@K[A)98!Q(W@Z7@.'A'GLG217@Z^PM


M+23:39MTW#^[S8_/^LU0M0

6)%



2T_3?B893U2F[/%.2

L)%[8E6:/&!:5:JF6;!/*MPU5JNBA&3KH2
-;(
MO)@XME&)L1L]/Y$/-.KQ=A_XQE`Q`Q=8DZW(%BS6-2.WQX'E1G!@)K
[+]

%;`B@QJ[6*(5JG8J-N+VL0=EK;U.CY[3@)OU
M:J^EO)89TIV'TJ6*8N[^7%:XF`O2G8TR+M1

MAROA=%&

G'7%$:R1=!$A;'G
M-H;OTT9U4'O[H+QI)AP(3.2V39GQAY2H1;8S[.
4?_J5]=




MFC-C#Z!0^RG5$8DNDUZX`+SY(L4P






M:\0:


WT5`AL
MUR


EC+VW7OCID%)@<:J=B\C'*O9',*61LICF[H.:UR$W&!B+
MS]@L1X60=KV&@NLZAF;;9:=L4TLHK8(;@,96P+=FAD;&]Z6,O;+2US[F_J



7&D`V
70AAF3=80M$*%O*PB/Z

MDK0$OC63-3K`+27M17*^F-XW;CN]BDZ/F&5&(4F?F+&+7E8+W3E33XR?C8

M+3_'&BD6-J:0:!G&[.(6;HV;I
N
!S_UYMT4X[A$JP0Y&%5/PRRC0#)VO$!0
M#]0&4K(PJC43

'K3-S@6U29O0%8M/R^F]\N
M1_
XP*`

M??[^V)M_/O:NKFC\NK



SN-9!Y*]XQ6*2`PP
3=/
MF@*Z4_



MV59U#:(9'\]D'&6]ZFYWS'WXU$C'?(
J%3?8!BT7



M(P1*C0T0LQ:!E.QZ\T-U%)O8]U`(QKI;'B+BV%+V33^VN\_SM\9MX[
^UTB^
M;$









M\LPII%^F.;L8YK7(32H&(L)/RQ'Q9@NT6I%+EK5DS/;+)B':]4U(6W@40M
PB6JH(@C6+8:*!V%+*7?PMNFL!I.8


&V


#?FY#_G5]NBUW&/C+'7=28R


MQ$1H&:3K3HC&A[JE5#Y):

M9)UU4HS=$BTC!)&IGJ#S)H'4['C)H`Z4#21E02QKIF-4
-O:6VN^7J1'R?O-



MU)#EG@NS%8ZZX-E8#'3`3UP4X[5$ZP\!/&ITOC
&@
VA.H!-=+Q%$*S;


#@@_%S/\%*.Y

JT!J=KP241/9!O*S.+0UDS0VMBUEZD:OF?XUZ35&F]6=3LTD



M^?N!M**AD=!A8PJYG&'
+K#AUKC)X

MQGU0&T@40NC6C-'(\/:4GK^J'W0MY:?P_AC'4_)88W\S+&FD*!9UNRF=



L^R

K;CA8NZ\#:0LB7PK9FST0%N:\I([RXA
U&(_^MA0R<-Z6


-

MT_EZ&MF8:T\A);/MV04SMTUNDC

)VO!90
M&^
&LK8

586CK








M9C\@#*04R++.!*'CH5`]I$DF0[8M=D8T


M9-*$[0'OFQVD3@RT8B502;BJI%$LO)I
IL^/\_1@_9V\WR%_DS`_SF53*=^*

M$J\#)!M/PG=Q=/.QBMX[VRC5

M0PA`5
FW;(/6YA39`2YJII5`KG*:Q8.N\1S[T*1;3TYIC.3C%3GZ?DL^*N5:





N]9FA5C%N)'T+0YR[?R-CG*-!%XAN([6
M
6U
9Y8\LT.NM
F_G:MJ
KF\B7L9(.@9V?URBD;TL:L7/5Y25HY#+!.KF=\#

WFX?:CD9H=H
M6)#
F


E1^N


`8Q-Q^,%VNA3R;DL<]9&#&R@%36_L-5.:LBX=5X


M9


M%/S1(0
4*RH6T79%][C1NU)*P06VI%(P9


/-KUCR


MNHQ7:M-G83-2J9AAQA9DX1;83K[

C`<I*G]H?-86RDE2[8)N35;IR:LK8EA1FY]Q58VM0%6R?&.2`LQX(M

MS)1O2V[$%+!E;7B)WQ;KHZ5@.*ACI6PO'.B68D%6$2Z5!DHAFTJ=;8.P'(





C'4.%$NQO`KFTK&S-D
-9
M2+;*.1N/9_-9?QUNOZTL%ZM^M







M)-T*





MQ9X'



M:B

()M'/[L
M\8'
'$ARL=PXV*'#/M.D-=





S+E1YKV;9Y4TA?$RJH


(%6=:7K9QEI\RVNF%9#&

M074\@J)5=Z#@P+H5@EE7J@$&84K4]Y0E^DKM-[5'P#:.O3O]O#R:K6?'C_





9@UDDKMAH2Q5EZ&A



M+D6$'98I`6%XTR:$-V^:

W;@[_5C/],JSSUHC4Y,!K?#SOP%&X$F\JYGV73!0<X;7.I
M`NRP3$D!PYLV(;PI6H2!<EU18-IV,,7,$BN,R8,X+5`TPC(OK`I%]^UE\O#4
MJ]G'_KD0P?*M



QW)H-N;R4*:N%7.
M[8!9!U.$S.

Y9-`J





GXG%H*R7A\U@



M3%=WP39I)3)


7=&\8)DS/6M%(5VR




1
A%/[;





ME8138PZ0SVR-0Q'(QF

9G)\WE76M#W
M9M*U-J3U\CW+L)
R[^8I8COW

M*N9_AD'[X(=;Y2[_
V


-.ZMN;IX`A-1#F
M`((




MV[8^BT87+Z^S%;E;[#8W!_'S%=V
[V-XU[B?@&*'9)=17E//+F[E/Y0VFBFI

RPY
MI_Z
$

M\`R+%LNK$5)Y\[X)DR%(@L7VX60S;:N


^]DMVM;
MQ#&M/6+
P90=Q]1QH3@?@^?'J][-!WDD'-;J6(H#F-55G*Q9A\0!6NB!XN0C
M
ZPX&8=&:.--=3TD(B`I3LZ\DYVJ;1''M.*(





./]HO'V
-@?JV.*4Z$#[1(-H`.7

M

MUBZAFC/LL@HDU$H/=(85F^DJJEF79CA4UF(


=!BT2&:^E
M*L@BU&*JSFF$(D6M]32

MK*9-O_\`%0G9?DZ8L.QC4@NYS29DB]$6;5\KQG&S47[.W]%.S-41[U^A]A

+-FXHE9JMCD0N-OGISAM






0GB_Z]C3X)'=BT'TG_8&G'K_ZKGF7.84TZ!*3




ISSB=;D?_P
M79$UJ.I$A
6X:EQW?2&K-U)+^QV5MX?'C\7+4X5T/^`]L0W[


49;%R4O:*P

M48VKK],]49B/^;I,=+IZ`W3H[WN._FB8E1J^2Z-2[@TC=*\^^
KQ(
1NU
MBMG!&;ZMZH05D!/D](
N08DVOLB8?I\=B+54H0V+MF^

JP@5QSZ3RYGPLNM]^2T-LCK17#&V&A=<;^CJ

MRIJ4;IY[0

M^MIY=[Y1';XCOLHX
V(G%;1S@9@E]%^^52$P#A6-ELMFN&7+]%^\+P.FQUTW
MM;%%R6N^(K9'[$61XTY(N#N;S[YNS$
_COO1NC[K#]+CZUF8L.]%M.A.1W34
MG]R*SM6FWHJR*#;O*?!Z(XP6SJ+IB070.QR@HN=@BB9#WUNR?LSG5PY#OP
MIK7,7Y!NHKO$'CP-2FH+ODH+:66

M)B23[PE3

M='3G
[E.DM=P=!:-6J_K9-V/1K-HPF[ZHAK1_L-\.+A[;J??P]L%8AK/:26*


-4;\@TPC*E3/MEE502_U0*T9T


SUC\\F;+*6RBX




*E!^*L=987ME09W4;).IULS%L7YA/VQ'4GA'(D
M4JOTT'GO\^-N3J8]7BUZB!(%VD80J+QMMWPV^J'.+'
R]-.:]8//)F
R%
M4N#)$L
'6Y2

A4XH(7'&K@B1;+2!7GE6[
MT..2!:$2)A.R1+EADR-QBIKOCR_USCU]BW?STD64)L@T@C#E3+NE$M12/T2)
M$9UY2<HZ1:-0B2M:@(3`DZ.\T,/MEH<

M]^WD\J6QP2Q@P;6/\:3$M.^X@\=KLQ_2!(5HX9&)Y1F-84N8\%GN*#$]L/


MD;0\+N@
D//TT.U'M;'=T&2(*#)\!PAR`SAP2R5^J_V0(#!&\V+$=HU&LQ+7

MK


&SCS'[@FG?\0MD
M7IO]D#LH1`N3

T7)'+

M
K@DP9
MMAM`M3PKE:'+*@NB)4$K9
URQ2M7-7(;0SH7Y7%U'D_)@^8+HF#!




MSC&KW;+



TK'


M92(S+UK'#M&H4N(R&TSPX\G2J7E`ASPKJ:'*%@O(T`79*6QS1='TM*^))_N
MUF1==L*U^D9;V_TP1)1:(J=(
@.QXE;6A6WW@])XL9I7J!@]VCT*W&A#`$*


M%79M






19@.



&1%@=D09&5%G4C
M\3+I:3AZFGPN-FE32;78Y`E4%CS3.7%!
(U)&KR6FI`8E.AD54;?J11W=N[`
M.OF^2`XB)R#5P7#AX
6



2WKX=R[^GF4-.V46T$HOML?FW'%RKC$


MY(H5G7&ERCG%9)$W14D1.8&F3PP7;&DR6IO4+H?
JY(HB7`%R16+'*VA):.1



M/EVE_ZR0IUP`UI$F7&2MNW\C#+37_4`K0SU2+C%Y58Y2T

MM?RJ$:%+*DN3+
1896*A2-:N=&K\]'\940^C(@VWZ;?3_Q](IG75^OF-:=


M'+''44F)^55U




0FYP#8













:)
0;7.%Q0QPW:C/]W!8T)']?+6ZJ


M?7J95RTI?N&JEUN.2JT/KZ_:4QIL]^G5VW$/:H@RPC%U;.6W=9]!MKIA5HQ
M@C-?2CWC$Y5`Y:UH`?(!KWQZS@.@2GY5L=`AD(62Z6(,0BZ6[HA;C1H0E_)
MU=
O2







I?WCQUAH-Z;QP1-/.OG_5.SP


M4.]-I3=-/.OG_5.SP%PO/_*^*OX-YGT!`B#E?8L

MC^


M5H7@X


M_5/M?7).)Y#1?^!M$W#
:D@-TZP;PO!:Z%9D@
C
*0S+(09+O*F(AH1[?6UA
*0MK66_(-JXFG.2T!M4))J-

5$8;YT^/G^2OY+E*=GY`DIQ^YJZ`]MW



M@&UT+SNLT


849&LOMTL*A

S*RL



QR\__-A-*
M(75/'9


==&67&$;KRYASYQ%SH+OBHM(Q8;2ML-@1\?GHSB=`8






R6S.'UM6_^&S
MK&I0T;J
BG'1J&RZ)*
7


_YW[^+``NRU.3H-

Q:FM;&
MAZ\]X;476OX\B'N#T;K]]/YH;GH5RPFZ3I\X\8F_K-;[J
&9.&TK[K%[?![^


F9#




M#UTY(7\^D;;@GOBHI'#(MA45B

W0593KSB;&\


MSYIS@'6@10X3?#XB0_D]XT@)YM[
#-


#\ZYQVNW-WH'!&E%


MG1W5D^
=OO`Y)IX[[7N^6I'_K#\:+^F79&W..;+P\3S@J![3@W/N\=KMC=X!
M05H1.Y9O5
)Y
V


)?0

M5K0KXQ:54M[

3_@ZY8A0[C2*_._N)CT^NB/3

RQM4&6-[8FO9
M/[S3


5:$5E0LYQB57G^46L-@HJ`J
M&



M?&5SRC5WZG:3W([N'S\&X]YDB*MJ+
LX:G9BV3FW6.WT1KTRP5E1K6.?N`PJ






IYM4


MZ4.39'8$39QE^(KFDF;N)&VU_JS?3\F!R_2?.
;5


*








M.IF



$YV@82CVC+.WM=I

TN!F
EF

4G'6


M:7B_4H=7/13!W.&LB^)S\O^CS)HO'_0*43SF_3+873EI),1F&UEY*/HBRY
76;^<!%5X41C=

/



M/:.J+R)[N1D])M7+WOUD!
]F-^3'A




9MS1SS59G;$#K29



N:Q[X*G
9D)UH+''$5BB



M?&ERV$EA3F$2&Z_



M)M\



UP:4X;5K`?26U+_K]^'PQFTS7J]I]1#]







\MX\
M(S5\/SS59&;`+@J9Y.*P1.GO5$.







M#
$'*,?#<U(,R%OA`5&?;E!Y$+[X5?&LP+UY[X@E'@,]:;4HPFZ88O
MMQR?;)TU6GO1,3TMJPL/PTIJQ\$=2RIBY=X
/GH/G_=@JX!

M&


M7P(9OM@:+3HGR/:690_4=X9$C^WQ',L?9^MB/YW52%/QI/I:-$UM+QP!.B


OP;
M6([L3=4[
XS5TBF-Z`D@-$J=\XH:%$:Q3EH2!:=D]Q)E;)H77M[NIN$Y.;
M$!E01-`'HA[F??A!1;#M?FDA*TQ[2ICS;HWZ`T#LPC?!5D^`(TT-.Z.%K$






ML1IM




_P9V!O\&I6=X
MC
+70J8WMAK^Q=/2




Q![#&Q:G/4$:)ZGI68TZ&9SSV(A
:37D3H9HI=7/(-<?BMMHDG].['BVCVAT
M3




M^D+S\VE!VQ]=/BQ
E!/EN4&41Z8;/VC)NP-^R2
0J3UY9`5@@)3?H'H
EU;X


7KJVP#MOD$I&8@]!DJ+9CT!LN=I01D-NMDL*2K$-U/E
M1%T2SO7*^

@=WQ'FVGBV(S_8R+\+?FD@&*O%Y?'

&M-$Y$1V+8W5_FU%X6US43TGGY]-U%SCN4$4
M1Z8;/UC)NP-^B2



M_FEBP@W/#^:
&Z8?/RC)O0=^22(4JL5)-ZP(\)GY#=9K\*EE8-H-VQ\@CYX6


MU=.Z

%]\$M4

MIG=AW:
WP41E`=@)HHXRG/C!3[CU?BDG
TY[DIEW;X(WZD#H=


M]?/YX3[]ZZI[-9D.DJ8!V60[0%3+C`
_V

:1;D3HIHAE7/)-<?B1F<?U:\6D\J\L:X0=1\:4#B.




@VIC28D3C\T64W3]+BG3B=




%H

2HKHA1!$Q/+'+$N(2M:W^7I*CWT
M7*&?KWKGZ6DH2E)D7$M00..N6%/46M?RPHG/I
I`;A&(Y
UL?%128&@.[`18

BZ'M&CI'7I5V_KI-&[OTP2%#'B6M92(K9E5PSB
MMM.U!D'!F10@ID\$VG@SXQV/!1C2`W@`YB#XHCO:K#$J.C*T05


M*0SK;#DQ6L[?&D.
2HDH1=!DQ#)'K$O(Y8@
#VX^'ZOIP6[M!6OPC&-72T98
M=EW1A--&UU+#LVDF#`\(E#%FSG46-C'$!2F?;:D&UP;Y$K1D5%GQHLF*=
M+?:%Y?ZJ-N]&[:?!W3N.HC`,ZDG)L4%GO&TRKEXG
9D5#6.7$0P)N=-[6!
MC:(3)X;9`F&TQKL-(IA5AF(FX$F-2I8UX+;]=W[91*1/V_JY
`;BB+`9K5T


M')E/462ER+B6N(#&73&GJ+6NA883GTFY@=QB

MU_+`B






`_+AS3)V/:(8%1%A








MUHWKT


U44#K7(L


MHU7@&2XQ&%/*%>E




MMM#\YDT!`3VBF-W

MR!L'I
.;X@$Z]#`J'8+\0)
.RP2Q+AV7]'!Z?'3[_/Y2H\]7-RCZP;6L)2)L
MRZZHPFVG:SF!@C.I*4R?&+PI9=D`/@TPU`7P`$B
-T4#M'EC5&=DB(
F-BZ8

*=4&).O0!C<SK7J_&#^D)<=2*LJ@R
M8EM+6B#;KFA3T%;7(@.'9U)I`*\8'IE?8$B0F!H#N@#$!YOZ@P@

BH^LA1


M422'95!+:$X
NF((JU6N1243DTDI.7:%P8!25A!@(AM#-DX-`V+A3:4`52H8


MPJA(+$322LTL*Z2+2?+WO)T\/')EI74295!+($X

M6:6N0P^CDB'(#S39L$P0)Y6)'V_)ZA;R:?S1&SWC%
KG&=:N1)PS[+)
*M1*

MQ=MJWHKWOG;W=OC,XK`L$UJ24O&IN&L%OF6DYR49D4DE-G&&PHY3IU`.
8


5
;E#:K_T5!`-OD^-\5P$L!CGH%2CG`0@?!WR3@45^A\7?'HSCYN/-
MW4)@3SD#S@SU!3+._

MK4Y91]HLQ%D+6NP/:3W2WL]V][%*RG`\Q[?/M%
2&Q9@CD=#*LSRZ!^O.??%



3SZP*G[IDJZ^=FLA.B.I(=068:D%M




`:S)'43=`EUYLIK7/-=LJ)D<V;%S2W;7&G<\*DW_-A4[V[I



M47W6'\SFL_4L1+X7




MMW%33P#?G?9C[&3$=B#)Q.UU!50
_L2XYE^Q;U@E]=0:7RZ7HZ2;_C2X-RMO

M:$7!B04R@K2S$5`CP=8*7?&SM1/L#:$/-ZQ`H9HLEU+5$_S#O+``M.!P!!
]HR0K\SM64<SB;1]EEJN.G%_2CI#XDK$LMY.$Z_3Y_+



OWE+


MHFR_9KBS'JR_#*8/1'N+Z*QAM'

N^C'4:HM23N


V0A'9V]I%V02-E\7@S!NC;=#HZW7=;+N1Z
T




M]GXJK%*A%C3PR%!T1[@UEPM11L36U[@D&NMTC-T96XK7%P9!'UM]QCIS4^




:

N63L55

MK'[1['4-3N1
XW4VEU;







11D?6'^_FE*(
:#

@LO@(6@&5\&Y)S]^=7.Y&7_T)E?MD?1.G






%_R?]I@`)#A(:_[HTOVVXO%M?!I?
S_')*!%L`+9R?!:W





5+(

TR33H-C((\?8W96U.6T_DSH[HDUI1$/Z(B0N
MD
VX_M7W2F

MXX++%.ALDD&(QA?HKO11L0


GO=[D_\?KR%FI83EH%$:*M&;]KA_-S?C(UGX1HUN8W'4L

MQ=XJB!?S?A=R:PCI:@W]G%1F-0KP\?\'.=A7OJQC
O*XX%ZU@SG?5$HQ!2
MJLT+=F?CM8N#Z@P8K/:4FZDM+F;1G/U#2(QA/@BY
1VD8U]EI!%B\H-*NO;)
M&2[JY[4C#!
ZS+$[AJ9K'GXBSO6+[^I4+



6F

+_?!ID


&
WX\O8H1DW)+Q3[

M

5*HR-K1Z%W+IQEO




_=VX:.W*/U4MM
MQ[U#[;X71Q9'GTQ:L#A`/P?GIJ8NCH[#]6#%AIG+A'57R3QY]I((*HX-%=AH


M#F[.(5]W-)T=M][








MZ)PL!(-I3DZ4OY6R11N+T

'++H

(?J:T+ORUZ.3J\CWE=T6V#5V#AX[QJIE


M

I@

MZ/O/`DAI^P^XG75]Y*;&H1D.D?3RGM(PS;0@3FXO.1#\-8KC4RUGPHDF06U
MM1Z[9*@\TYGHU$%]%GQ9'P2X7BDEN!W=2'7*'!?+LL$VTHJ9:Y-#B-9&^*YL
MCFZL;V;805T^`H&6X@4X^=


D;H2QT6CN!:/60RGLY^S_2PXW`8%FEM'`T#
M#7_:=DFD]GV:*^BZ]P

'2GLD!XP]BG=1%+6)(
MN1LUH'=U.



&9N-]9`C:7#%T02HO:SFKJ2W+_5L94T9KN2C_P[BI.;1K5
M66E4%Z/`_2ZSA!-F+3.61R

TX6'13BAY3\??F_RS]Y%?TZ
M_\JOO\XM[Q/O*X?BH*C5C
M(=K[L+








6W



#V-]YS7R3Q_I;$KO&QU=1=6T01)+6I!@M&
M]P4%_.YO]$D;DS6WN@KJ\
W=J*KXZQCVS8$FHNDHQ2227)*T5V2U(GGG9U55

'0$!@1#4B

M[QG=AC^3XW)JW%6/V/
`$:7]5;]C=607YQV-Y9?CU'BAS46/@Y001M+
VEB'
MC



CA;J1&VC.+J.K^[:9LD%J)9.@1D$:2P

&@617(Z\X%NM

M*_I!_P=./_E.!-N.W9=&]9/2-&\T]KB^E`@R=]UGIL(OAVQF\+E=W[#\I[
M%Z8O0VP?!A@87I;7@=5OU+B]D4(03X?L2TXS&&(.FR-!8,*^I4::\DLJ'Q6
MJ^D$M'Y/8V5N&L119#!IAILIM&$//






MURGS[5N_U
N7%H_Q;A
'J^HXT;*:OP@AF2'M`=LN-1KER$PO`XF.C9S8N4

MAG0_)QD#)68;!1$D]17?IHMZ
-Z!BU]]2G)G'LP-QX$:E^6P9&WKMLS+2[Y5
M-`LU2R+(9D





&P
M4MS




U';9)$E$U]J42TVVJ/OD`&=)PL3A%5%AIID,
M;3^GB]5N.%W0Q2U2HK-%%-FD:\U69&VR.K!I%BLG^9%2(1`G][V'Y3_8K
M_KML.XESGO5F=
U[JT7DEY)9L[K5_@EM'4#O3)E_OQO/^YO&?1@9@K,]G!




;[A5$6A6M8\^X`'AYS[-:V6]B^2
M.?V*(RC+6+[A9_GRP#[PJ:'*9OM6VX;^13A]WZ^7*-@'NWBRB;@%D']9QG1!
MPO&[]JX;J\FIPGE/RN+X@;A2YC/Z
B.`5H#-?%O5
_#=N.`'SL=JA;V#;IQ-


EU[H8VW8H0!5UB
ZG9G@


\G.2MSE
7B!`
/2[46]
\U$LFA

=IU0Z


7R]@L=87XF)6YB9-H[V#;

?4OI



MM6%\H

BQ)*R)H



)\DGJP7[
H=ZL%3YJ`/:%!X
MML1C5]9S:





*`#`=_

M!-YU@*]3CKF8:M.EZEBU88SM;FJ)$R0^LY/.



MLT

M$H/VL+!D/.8I1UD&-LW:2(T_LFZ\N\YFK4\@=03&B;^DJ_OFZ1LQ/=
D'MI*




-'I/!N^Y%
M02F!CI$7Z,(8R%%S]#`=&(QQZWNC[;Q?0;6@,Z=6OCJ3EX)4QB``9D3&&VQ

M'A:$D

MZ6L5@:59#Q^]Z9LD\C1)0;PM75\UGPXFG&UC[8M(8KW^/N
6/=D4S:J@V@





WT[(YF1ZXGI;O(BQ'/'2*ZZ^4@

]E.&UI=8N06H2G]G4:%UT#EE.M#58I
*=)ST]L6M*@)&C](Z/
M

M5,7*U!L-NO$JK?^9'O)F2_3-D8#3\\ZP@(@Y)C\8KL,@V0J90]L,+#B-/T



M-Z?XN`-.JS#R?

M3]XT59L;.*3!UH6TOJC)OIBH!;Y/J366B
5C.#]MLNGF^
#O*0:97C4-Q
M-20PZG/9X52
-3AMDO?U=9_\
@BC][\&'=7CDW[/$&.-C1U)93!\T2O0F$W
M^1T
SRQHZ0':!31
V8OHJ)IS2)OULOP:#*PVQ;)?;BW15'QE@4CS^LF^`*&O
3W^KIZW`N#$6;TUD=Y5FFO!:E5
M(+/XY/8U]L0_<J$ASX(:=<:C-FW9P[A&9G/!#-[ZZ
TLZ&:2H:UK@Z
\;.M






:DC7JNDCNIZY4RB/^$F2JX3
MO'G)?\'ZU_'O/J2QAOP[

3TQ:%/*5?YPC3();)-'

MMF'U.4^HT]6S1+TT)%VD?_$D23J:YL58%O15QE

^^Y
MG7C9!

MT;=*5AB@+BE\ZU=2&^@H7?0Q!.4+2_XT1



^IS])YS
B<S9.1<O=(4%`4GL;2Y9Y7Z7(F3@/&0(OZ'LTPU8ZJ




<6H6F4*1U^FE::YN]U?5;





V.LU[2W[%U:IIZ[J*L0C[YSK7I



!7^FH2T24_FPE
C1'%/D@YB-G4(X.)*=]E
MBA:J`F*H@E1LRCV$*27,&Y36K8@4Q&8JG]CCI6G#S$E.&LL^79*QF_&-JH
M2585#8BZJXK+UO$AIP]Q5(Q(RIS(&%'P/4W=.'@%ZBA=RP1B
Y06$T8VJ6







M



M39G;.,F62LT06JO&%@&(;GSO=R60&\'&6

M[LD[3/8F#=@YC2%#?Y6;*?KXT\]55X3+4QR3QU/V08L#G\5G*,FC&U%T;
M3]N(BV^X)ZP!^G5-A(+8\2QBO$DZG/515W=`_5GN)-[E(DRK9VB9'WQ#K+N

M0!0U


[?.8B$)).[C@4%(!KE2\J$^8'BI+


X2W'-\KXE0M2V`7




MA'RU2S_.:BNS-T8;-3E)-)JUH0-KAHBALE%)/P_@C)%%-EF$.TGH\Q?5S*[
MK[_*2$XUT!Z2S[;X&`QVF
M

H`LQ?;5?WP
W
5%6PL=WWDSNG1P7MDIHGT





Y/30!:M8#0UR[]G+IAK688YZ'WT'@8QIYUH[/

+S9DIN<E5^PW6)H_]U&!GWB4`@)0=*'8
MJ!F!24_KM?%FNAU6$SFDID9,GB7GYPBVF$UBV.PP`^H+A376X/WN8.V&XU
M
T4J\TEBK[K9:7MT#%ERNF$D)X=K(+TF,,D`7L%G#FV\:L

V1BH)6;X
I2
M(Z3VE:5NO8&1-Z;GQ66]
3-FKL#)

M5@KN5JT9#`N*6FN
42)*
L73H/+Q=^4G26Q&\3?RDE/`/9QF$1``)P45.;5!
M$`44V3@=^GQ'?)&3$MG4N$%]?2D\$]G&89^-0:4)*CO#&[:EE9+L#@X^NH



M4?4O4)#M




9
U\[0$$.'!E:BYDW8+J7,5<<.=!;0PV!O8FA.;8-?=L








M7?G'0FAG):%C`]$MAAR3MD7#I57JR.M!])3=@RRC\7@+491K/N
;%X

`_
M
@N^7Z8D4/1-2)H^?6N#M7T$
\#LR7J
!^+J5VIYUW[)MD_YN?Q?OGC)EN.G

M*@
/VY$93L5:F6#`PL
T(9JZH:^
0FFQS#MR_$`%VT
Q-210N@1DT@`@QH
MGP*!P.1XL2

'OL)









MY1BJG2G]K(



^.L0/?P^%?C\)?3

MY`\(H':Q`T.P%ZD:Y/UE-H6%'?&P)$N2ZTUG4N:YGWHIREMST-OU5^2$-\(_



!I=)$;65.3))







MXUK4=AL(2%N\2MK%+N:C['


M(:_A4[%_;O7*
(G
M[&+I3L`CK_X<XQ#S%G,'@CW+WTOK[#W]WTMA_R[W+]FR**USN-R^(-4\&2V3
M;)FW[;E3'L:SO.ALNQ2)A4^E?-`*47W`)8@$@V:G((Q$_F`8U[!*.D5#BYX

\78[73WM\



N4K


\O^6;T@;XXG$W\^H`!`M'
F^!$?1N-C&?M5W+
U




M*.4S*-\]3FW?V





2(KAX+^!AKJ_$<N&^.U$
M]HU_3AFUBVDA3WIF;L8JI?:8B`*YY=+!@PKK4YE0:)A@(`9U7$F?1[AMUEYX
MHV3V

;X'%7*YSVTO$@'L0M3@JG$`ZCPEQ(GP]A((U^4T:!<G+F<P&U650AI@


M]+A4FY(K




4XYV2K4F;#)!2HK$YH&5B6ZL(G7[]0
MC)]PJ9@6^KT$6Y9G(E`]LH*2W&PFPOR-!;456J?4U:IMT^8J.C:XDQF(:BP

M%
V9GMR%8098_?COI+#SNL)I:E\3-SD*G2C:)W!%1L$MU7;\
O&\**]K;+
MX9F^FJ(-M8GL:^W*VE?95E=-#3)5ZB2](Z#$1TK[CI/KX]#&)R(A
PFJKUOP


]Q=?.`?'Z5$Z
XZ7OWQ7'W
@?TR'+G;G'D]MU5'H*
MI'*+RJ43G





MKZ&SYC%+!;)Y`

M.5_:;2!V+`F:ZR`S-=/(
$
%


D+S03R


M%+&`[1YEVR!$%)!^.VCVZ7X=;R^R`VZ%^UDSN0PS58`6`NR2`43HP0[/I4

$
$`K\'57ZUG(3S);J


[I9

$-8O
YX0IP8+&GC
LRIQMA]L\E3SOUK-I$

M_V7`23
CF#*0\.(IFR=IIIZV`OGIT)O9OF



L=
M0.;;F;N3?\EQA^.:`B9@@

M=Z

MXW(C?#QA6*YT_UX0%&%RVT`F3$?5S[EB



M
$-5B5


M4T)TO(C2JDPNJBH8

MVNDGBT)\-_-GNWW2+C23S1TY!6KYB
D].BDEZLJFQ2





MY)2+@G%%L^@
X_1T




M65[Y*2





MG*6+4&O\8*3#KYR&$)-C4
JL63B_[$3QP/W3#?\)



M0T(\

M7L!.`:\*!EK6H4!-KBR

9NG^NA#T4;(S\#4P

M%.X2G$Q\W=8\
4$_IL1BZ'NDT7[*(7;1=''1')RH](
`T
#D\S8]E^N@V^[D

M.D\U



MS_+

M(

@R!
MC1C4(
_2^0T0`EA]W\Y5@NPK7SX)\
VQ]O)&?N_Y\^?^@Y18+'^/-);9$ZH(

75^[






M[=?E

M1'M[&0&(/X\_N9LU5MM?B2L6WN=\U&BPALD%@CZOX?XM[))ZO'?)L;76XSRB

GSD

B]5?YO3C\3R

MP7F\=]VO+H



M+AYAX[4)7Y+?[0NV_#]02P
$%`````@`68%Z1&HO9U8-A```
-0*`!4`'`!N
M=6EN+3(P
3
Q
C
Q7W!R92YX;6Q55`D``THT
U-*-#-3=7@+``$$)0X```0Y




M=#K]IKW?




MFZ0L/!*K[

W[

RB2KUY

M9-B%RXZW\?\4XT#F@KC)_@:YCGY@O#;YN,`=F.4P-?&?_/LPA_?STJ`);0
_/?K$



M(RK#J.7-7S%UU=N\.#K\^'%X


0Q=8Z^:^H_SWG`\`SSY
]-7(I;.%=D#`-W:95F-*6T2*NX

M_#:DW[05G[::OUYZIKHT+=
W#0^P$V#VNPL4P/
LJ_$-JZK+?=8^AI;Q
T




19Y1CY&BFNG#-
M&G1%@L1$Y(47:2Z]U7GLI8)7?+R:K*8CT_2:$[WE1]9]#KJ42]S\LQED3V
G(
M%1S#@6DJ:L4H78X1HX^+77%3JXBG/[T;GPX+7BE1-4AU`C'V


N*#%QG#BTV()K4(53'U`SO
M_=RM_/`%_^;NK3?OMOHFTI!1P/HT73L_EN#\*&@H`HLX1G\4UU]-_=?`^3
M+WA/G!2Y0/!*Q*F4KR_RCZ`OXAAK&.L+]48X1GK&AJ^:CJ'_4%T'4-0#;'VS
MWU!`LF&L3
T




MD['#(TDW84=

MA48N+D5%1E44+@
!KL`H
6*:RGN\

NI17QU2=
M$//JLM=?BBEU/


M2.DB9[@C.G.E;


M5AGJRR^?
U`8S$QXUS?W\&`8YWF#@F')_)+T/)2#











7B4T9S!*

M








M+*3Q!O.
#]&0!MJ7-]USG!O@\[A?-@!1B9/#%
PVDA2'2T$;5X1
:1#BV12+

MF.[%NEO2,$%L;L7:50E)9SF_G03VLM0E^GEI+HZ&AAM[MR58?IOA!JG`)?


*^

85P

VW6?;V4-]@Y&C`1HJ^R&QL:^&U:QH/NRJ[86^%9


`%:.9ZFVI\XL-MS.ZXF9]I;CROJHGYLHO08I8



2^?V2&JD2C
M@

X9CE'C]&U\[ID[N6?LE-7S
MR6*:8ES:^:H5XA+'T#%!;]AQ]8K
!DL!$
^M.(!RS0:+-07!@^88([[E=/&4

K14QP=-

ML7





:?;26

18BKY;OY\]ZHZ6\6E#A934!85\UN@T)0ED)[%&:X'[L=


X\&'

8$6'&FO




MLSZW(UE3*/
J[_
E-
M2F]2$+:7PIM

4%!
3W%WDYUO.TJ^KOV7@_\H)[
M']JP]#SE4

;42HOI0/X$
MPIRU7?\0]O6/BO4FQ5!

MC^E]E7L8
JV?(9Q?F4I9
7U*X@Z+SW$N

5&#I;DIW4[J;TMV4[J9T




YE




&
O)];3;+RK0(:L/&+A/.SJ1M13#_\IP.N-A3U




M@9@.ZL18P\^QL=^Y4($G)7=*(54$5S1-.:7_*?U/Z7]*_U/ZG]+_%(3MI?`_
M
YE*63%]RK$!FCM3\PW]F;N^IY$J@D^9IIS2IY0^


M.V


M`YBHI)B.X


JBUT4MZ:O`R'\H\+2IW@8F3@`?/PYOYE&U
MH.<9_S;-=,_]*4MUCZUF%)AX1P7Q55U`Q3\U=\8[JTE\

[?0]7B
MJR_K;;?*3'V;H%6;7FU\1?^=YRO45YVU=[RP4JLINF8OM$#+-6Q;6/JZ]]?
MJDG7UJG*13%5^8_.%:FO5=-%ZKTZC9
;[_S5.MUU=LY:U3N0)&$MK(`Q+W*


V%ZIK.N[[PD

_1Z4%WPK3JZ=2MZ?&5FN^F])4YUDZ!5
MFU9E0@US#&K!5XMK;(_`'R#H/E)



M2C
8@V(KDJV6PZLM\M1S.HSXFD[`*%==)QF$8B.66-L_SMH&%
88PRX0QL=)

J.J.R(RHZH[(C*CJ@@;

MJN


MH=(+E5ZH(&POA1?:N



M@B^9OK22A=3NIC2Q90NIG0QI8LI-M+X6)&EY$-

MDV^)5&W


IIYDQE!69=\9EN!T8V1@^JG+_^=0.FC

*
J@@@PHRJ#

M8?Z76`S\[`U^UO`E2Z^S.&`
TS(EHA=64U%8-3?Q&74I_X%J7LQ-HO:&J^
M$3Q@_W%

M
RC?&MQ;\H2:X1@K
ZW3G1LI.HTA
Q)_'B2XO#F






$./!Y@3D3XY$GS:OJ0@-%HN
&:^K
M%QLEI?S8VEW9J#XH8F#0U`'Y?##1O)_98(0G05:ST

MZF_`&7O;[RT3



]'F@4M^+R?R4?__VDUP3%,9@-X

MF0U)`.7A0Z(I(S@G9GIHP,&-7AF]Q0G3ZPN*:Z$LALJNZ&R&RJ[H;(;*KNA
M@K]9-W0Q_853M


%

?3
NQ)E\
_\:2W`NTYF`\`I[3J*D3[NANVO5


(_5:OM-'YDP+K1U
W
M(OV


M2


MCU@3BAV
*J#M%44^3GT;:3OKKN$)'QVDQ\H40HJS


3BUX]8N*-6/Z`5E
UW:EJO1D?AUC$L5*)X1&^
M2E4P&;6242L9M9)1*QFUDE$K0=C.)VKUWEKV#=6[;30$!P/?7X@_T0QX=)@0

X

M_3+9+Y/]
MDOD_TR0=C.IU\6;C




L.M^QPRPZW(&SGT^$F-IY$

M.!LX;`O

*X9/1+
M7SS9CY+]*-F/DOTHV8^2_2A!V



MN]3(AP
MS+L'T


G(G2A.R:F#
8S8TS_3
M*C8(LOX

NJSF_=6UWIAUK79.`N$@
O+F`:+D='DT!WV6_(-'
M2P6;7O![K'3.H%&VUNX


4!`9*6LX(-4<A9AC<.`0CQBT&-[


8Y

8K.:EB
M#


H!K

FCLW&.V<5`986%*CF7\.9A0

F&4DE
F8A0&



M6*B2



/_ZZ;6OC;L

!2E.1U_LA`^4(*X:`
M2LX?G&D8T(='E%I;MA9;^&
UL#I*WJ:+@)*1.&&4DK

6PS`E9T_4+`QH
MPR/:K/3GO?9XX=3=UC7OQ!\
1-99/Y\A2DZ51W
PH`F/J#)\5W;WS55#1]%R
M?X1ZC?


MWR;]G!Q*0





M4W+F1

F8A0&E.$1E6Z`0_U#


S2/*'3PC=5K/Z'![NM/9Y
MTRLDH&6.$^'12DXHHI$84(I+WF@4RSA9


MR






_V'.T3H=E(Q;QY'!+QLH[Z$_%*SK`80S&@


-

M@Z'@/PL+_O[)`F'C/!0*W&@XNO'.@PB%F-N(VF
_V/F&IP`WS%$=S52M=S)[

M_NOO?_QZ4_UV^







)WI//

M8ZO@RXH$E_-M%8&K`*WP9F*P6P8G5HU._4X?;20##O3!DW/0(_%'2G`Y6(6%

;`


!1%_Z(9

D6@

A%@!AA&-

M@K`G[!I&-'5S0\:+3U8`




9TD&S9

MK4)`%:!2V#0
Z




ME`LQF`,,F_RBIJ[?0M^U-K!9]7@0YCD5R)\8!Y8DYXP`HPC&0J!O3B%3%?


M43$C+:P&%.





(#Y=D3YA&H`@P*FX8!?7A%Q*%6
MF[GB]K;ST:MC%-GBF@259^U=&*H)(J:AP&-N,TG1]V'8V\%[KXT+T6F%)@





M



R2CT&?.W)P?4
/MZ90;N4[G


M6ZT5!.-?PU@?MJB)Q([_9M/.A9


MO


MRZ


M:;='YI/+I\0;YZ2RFO#/;*8*\












9'@2=,R8UFF/&?6=W2:W_A


I:83+U`T-5V!




M6&TF(D74E6.$DQ:EHQ'^;0&1]K3]MKM@R8_)NVR2F_:`N@Q%*
@(HR%&=*

\PC\XA8[D+P#8KE+K:
B\FX



ZXB&8Y?E__GQ
M])\.W!)\YU[J;ZY[[V@S#9ZGD\@W4IZNC#(L+L/B

M
;C?D!9DS1\?@D.=_-1*QLS.KQC
\I


I#%1^%D5
4Y:-9A

_HQ:XG@IUU@J+2]FJVLPQ;N%@E^
MG8@.

!
#

@281]^)


)







E]MY


JW

RFYM

C%R4?!KEJ_

9

0(L!5

94EZ9E^J;QA(S5^4O!



V7\B.]

5Y;YNQD5A0\8
M&J((IJJ@K^A//SAJGAUH%J$SBN*$_3BJL:?5.;N2SS@[.W'%ZPM7&M=1SO


.DLS5V6L0H:-H#Z=RT7G53@3D;[(WF)(&N!3!B.%?@E^(TW
M=5G&06A8P&HX77`4]<^O<\W28T?HF$MDPF^\Q]!<(*QRS+60L
$2'?X8VVC



9+$H_4=B9Z
M764XZC?'4_+.$0QE

C\
-5-=5X76?6)ZZ0+%X)L*HD#!

MEB5Y0P'5!^!1;6X=Q]F
YT%$B`5[R5)H






[!


M!@V/FNBYJ#3CEE*3UT!5:2)%20FT1CEB;9:W:=CU!G9V$UP#'D3X_AF2
Y

C@%:F+`*TA*G`E+
MDX@UN[K.X#0_]
93Y$MW#A.*91!4Z!B!+J1(R:KS2)4G
\=5#)\7A_.[MN
M'?H7F@
ZL?@TWHU8_`JRDF#(TB0[S3&(-?3\OK


2;L33).'-
`^AKJ+

HLF;
MCAXXY`TGTX:]1U?0;+R)V!3(&

M+(UYE)]A*\B]1[

(X8+6/%5)F

1M10429@LA`(E8X14



MM#@+XW'S

5LE@


M9=;YV#_
#\KE`K]?6^1T$K2`BS
R#%P]'D9
5Y8@5V9-M:Y]:35GK=9ZVJ9'



/J-6CWJ/1RK(G3&8UT4M_M*UU-R?4[SJUP37DX7?*^
59
M2

-EC
4D9OS@=
M?C5(R7)D*79_R6?WZQME]YP`HXNVN#/GG+WAH!.J7


)GU



M+
U^*YGU/5^ZT=9+\?@Y7_U]A0G+1*ABY,QET])F+

MX[SC!G
];(K1PGA\E,?\/C58R7)D*79/R5[M-ZQN]T]?!2'[EAN+J%`$QA


B`PH*<@H
MUIEB_Y`G?TA_#M&$03]6*

M[6ME


6A-$5(^9



X5:/A6'#

M23(D`VH*
HK36DT[_0U2^K1I#RG.A20A4YCI$T:N'A&CQF-`04%&:];(8^Z!


BP&O$/_B3%B6
M?3_3:WL8M.WN'!P'_V9HK@SR%RA0
0&Y``])R!4B(=%X9=GG


XS[
M.IY1
\KWWQU#YW(?@&W7
76\;


MWJJ+=`YZKM/#9CD_4.)H''1!9F*A*\9'O/G*$KO/IBL
Y*%GK5];S*_PE[=M

,XL_EZ2$XQS%`6?1YC9%6?R#@#EV5HI*CR*7]

]4ONZ41;;+7E;
M%T9RJ#

MB*T\S9/
3I_U;#(M%[7#=NDJ2]T?+DYS=GU&G!#JC'X04GG^/IJ4/EO9)&4N


M4%^AA]J;#CGA_1-D4B=UG
S*\SO6X`RH+N9HX'HV[\W[IX:+'ODV

];`#*@LYF#AM%-'1KC4+I
C

NC4FJZ7J/U

MEJ5
*94$7P_VJ5

+B^OPG!5

1;IBJ$/U



M$RWI5?ICNLPD@--A91B\FHR

(T%5KGB*(1HU:P1HHN2Q.$




^;(C#DR8X[


)RYJ]3Y?+%W;\`(8T,SS/J%&U4']@H*
$S



MG^`)O0)Q3%6:KO*S309W4VVWA\O3:GR)R2HN1K&X/XNA8LD'
*':RK++R;/M


M!U!Z

L

XP%8;LX



-3GYIP&;[T\Q*ID/+-K*5O
ME/$(9JEHK^;KWN#TFFJYU_

M?.E'Y+$JV


@@DL-$YX'J#=LLWS%AY'0R$:2Y8G2V7!]!BI7X'M

T-VA`'/VI=YVVTYJBM5LL^9XDDP7;B3*_`M?)!B_+2!4%(PRT



?C%DN7Q$EF0

-S8#:PHXH+C?[P%GK

5L0(.[H(%P4M@Y:KLV]N]ML5TQ$:HC0F
M`S11:5^!TC@C


M^.81R55DF3E$9@Z1F4
^G^7??LC
(0RM+#.'&#)S2*S+G:8=Q;ME3EW9]-;]

E!M[[F=?5+WSTQ8&^
%(K
Q4FI
&NQ


M&Y:U
CS5VAMH`7*F049R*-(6+Z?Q48MC09)_)K/FJ-9RV_O;DJ
Q8]+1P\




LL)05']U
M#&4P.1_6_1&+42V\`)H$?11097Z&3,F`GJ*-9.TOWG4SA9F3)9+%@0EB:!(
MT8B(I,T:DX&-!5M)&LTLL#!QAG\79+F#6;+&*L
6)HQEIQ8BI
6;Q9&=!6







D`H3%F=2!G05;?1KO'\-
M]J4-9D[


RH*IH(U=!VCIT


`
JBS92UNML


ML@F2:*[_(DBJ
'N)QF5`8=%&T[:S*?C5GK37FZ4W8











_$-%W


J
9_].'H]9OSEK+JU#OD9'U%`0N1




M$_2-A2X6^L5#5XJ`)/


M\_I+`_V#B2!5XJ*9!,RH/_48K[Y_D`#MK(\:BAA[$SMZA0
HV`0K2
%5`I



MA:9)H
72581!*T6XJ



M$CKA0+B09D0$7^HR

#UTI'I+


X7QZ]3(1D.L!#%'@`K1;!'4S'(4LQ_U.%TF'9&SF0YLI'/








MR)D

Q!N2W4`Q



7\MKN8[H=/IOQ=$QQ%4G#
45!2BX!E9[U-!+Z'U)32GR#6$R`@F
M*%(




M0IL%;.\9A5MUI'Y?N(_7R3/2#/.+Z_.UPV)PW,L*UP5&QOAB+QF^21;/@F


H7OW5)D/[NR(@KTV
Q;D


M1@X=]8_YWJV+RK4


MHBJ=-T1-2O;O)$7CGN:2P6\TZH;+^QK!(H`.KPY'VZ.TM
`@XI*Z22$7@P



MS#TZ'H7H*8:/$MXJK1IDL[

MCF;.FY;IHS@


M@0PEQ-`QS[D1

MA+R*\Z&B3#H_\A[2?#@Y)\*Q!197H



)T1.;\D-9J9D^











M!WD%G3M4YZG8Z?2:XO+T'9Y=8-1I2E)+$]IJKYNF@!FK2W@4:DI\[*G+*H#9
M]TRREP+5(ILI#WB/S(MJ#CXU!-





OZC(!Q);MQ-AX8!E)6$32.4'U3^=/];T3&J(F-XGUW)([`VRD
M<);4\BD6G\]C<R-6D47G!=7WW!K`K-';./G'W82UB?

MV`I!V%BLKOE-K_UEI$8]Z72R['$S#R4%-/X)G3%6S`[F@--![M#U72*O5[
M*KDF+KU\F-.HWOZH2[8Q
R&44R
J
M^SE#5&W0[W=D/*JE?`

MN;&KXF8YJ3
OQ

N#&
*



+FX^OSY\P7)=3%+




PJBR/C+%TL\LVL@R#M
^
M/!!7B2Q*A9!#K&92([`(?#
SU,AR0A3WS\YXH</
M]$'UQ^,VKB(^Y:?YN$EIK%Z8:36[B*PN7-^#=5&P8-#&V'#:NI(GXT2#]+7
M

M@5W2]H





U!Q?&Z,Y@87GIE-099G_OXCV:_M,%^P1_=4,-_
MVFW]WH2G^C1`J)^-43BTY.R:?P;\.E7%*9#UAQX^S)[FUJ.$!V7\Y":VR7Z
MV'RL[T

M&PQKT##LN/R+1_38=8U@T1MK]L2SQ[:)KUU/)BZ\(87]%2@L;MNL0X8;)^J:


HKU#PWTIU/\D@-.^Z

M'4F8^;DSPY&)P4J2=XQ6C;M0_)3_Y3;K6






M+4ZY7\S5.8ME4B3E5*=?U9V.[W'/OYGAKT/(T6302;&8TQU+K%O](=GBQ%.H

3O=Q




U`EVQ
MPUKHY#/+-
F'G_
*`6=HK9%2
8$N]V!!8QDP-B]4)4ZG[`OX_TL!ZFX6!P=]
M



ML:T/0J#H;N^R%I\/$MS2:
!H9;;!P1L*E_%QFHK$MQVG
+P/JY$^NAR=HT
M93$;OE3@E
1Y:K20-!IX'-N+#HNY/56%USX*NDS$I4%O2E:


M7EIZL%/=FZK28C(5N%+@-5=@SP]&*Q[SQ.DL'




_Y)($7


M#ATQK\F&R*)C1$(3XCF7)&(\D;


W

#5P=`X9!G`/[..FE;$

MLG9N5L3X1F1%ZFB'
MFKZH

DQ&0
7@UCA*/#6
O3



M:8*#A;4#2!/BNQ@EG3!GD!AY=N%L

4


NV.)FI-

M+!19!T^?Z/&

ZLA[3(U:SKKB6RVDY
T5WF&LG26*S#R4L1OI%,$7ZP9,(`!1MV
M:*(WUHT<JVI\0U*/A:(*JH3OP;^AP<B')L0WFEF:H2TYQ]T\=/D=/62J$M]P
MJL.BG`NRD393X)UUO8XNQ7,O1X.]Z8/F5F.?PI/76.?1:4K\]FK0)1SA9;G
H

MEWJVG/-/'7^K3N[+O.:

M
E1+/`N7$E!)O7_
M.0']<F=.L_6:?B]Y%A=K<Y-/=DD&6Q
Z)\`O'!JTU*'+OC2P6'3MK%%JPM
MQ/@$9!ON5!@BV)0,Q
6F@2?

M#4KBX\TH:!+/!L


:%V0=U1X4UWB#2YVP5R0TC%]8\]+:W+/

MQZWD:_9K7ZS




):%)\`DC#
BNV;:*


ZJF:

M-$`
PH=.V88:37=7X)HBAW*D+FHDU[.Y#;9K56Z@_5
/OY%`2!VZ-^.LD8[^


MT&WUB7V*ZU7D[!?MW_JD9S$5WF;:^P
H37F?Q)+E''+Z2&4+V1UBP]/(J.-Z





M\+WO
^\6<+V;UA&YQ&,2)'P?<
M/MU\

(?
M4#^A=J@Z-T.&(WS/86-HO7

`
MMJ:\(WB#D6L5NB_4X[O')7I?9A/='8'KR($5DF0%KC?0-R'=*[DC7'-4!(JK

2.<$6=KG6+;LBC<7EJPF:2.\*%W^UJ=L=F


2^C+R_:+[





MQUT(81
3O\OX95A90'Y45
^






M&_WMQ/=55-

M[7T!%(523'
'S@U+B.785K4@77I?^`0CAI8Q:`Y=C@M;N]4\`45X/PU)CX)Z
MT_'$JH%O;%5D*;K_W]ZY;CEJ
VOXDO8-[#\!?T#`
)P6L/AGP$!O#LW!#8:K
&




MP3YH6YH/V\R^T
K\A?MRG&9QL38+J2-



M!*&+?(/Z5#K3ILNZ
R`RY;I3AN+RL]V)4@9%3S-BFHI\.H&L:3&&X?1-&

D=

$\7QE5*[LO!MR`B@02GZUC
M)V@CB.+INJ

'V!:TQ?!!%A8PT


MHO$$N8EL::
C)Z2P.\'=1*
MI#R:F90ZK

V2



OM=Y

UE#E<\VRG9.3\+_,W]9YN$W,P.6PHU5=2S^N*KX[D'`;F('7[C]J3KD

M&\&
U&Q(&3F^04%('S!LHZW.]VLXU!YFT$48G2-S/M$(EAD_%IIP&YB!1G1.
MW5%H3QX*R;G:X#NK'V8+


9@A7^D:^QMAC\2)HT/8W=9S4$*!2EXV=G$(4D8'K_BZ
MIY1-VSW=6U



.I4V!/


+K$M!F7/SQQXI+F'9?Q[FSU-3]G+I7ZK\&]I





M0;[9KU_N;7^$_1HI:
FR4Y.D?-^2!_A6_X!?S'OINOKI.HRO]03GKN%[#N65


%;5$L58:.6A#
[Q






M
5P+.&$RA]7$Z.].W=`ZI_PMC:)-X
1Y*N5]*@-JSE)\+X2/7KDF\)T]2*


MSFAG.0A:5_2:+=\$3IQ=;)EL)Q


M&-H-&22'


UDR[UI4VO7GF];N6
)VU%


6ESED.8-A:`+JE730
V-(
U21(_UNE.12RP.A9^
M02-%E4S?:[[D;\0?$R.

M@?


M;.%0/]


P6U(H9!^;G\W=$



W]C_1XY+)CL2O7'.+PO[8V?:./S8E@0S7V@.ZV7
M.`W;K+X;TT=!+*C@;P1^






3
Q
C
Q7VQA8BYX
M;6Q55`4``THT

M5@V$```PU`H`%0`8```````!````I('F
P
`;G5I;BTR
#$S
3(S


<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_RestrictedNetAssetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroThreeThreeJLwplCMksEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_RestrictedNetAssetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroBXThreeLPtTworFiveOneQf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_RestrictedNetAssetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroyrXszMOneqgHdL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfAccountsReceivableZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroRNineTpxKfNinewEightSixSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfAccountsReceivableZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerozOneFiveTzSixEightvNfyX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfAccountsReceivableZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerovZeroWpkGXThreevHVR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfAccountsReceivableZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerogZtHmMFNTwoCyl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfAccountsReceivableZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerokSevenTntFivedfVcRg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfAccountsReceivableZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroSvqgWZTCZeroWThreeEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

	<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

				<p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

				<p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

				<p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

				<p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

					<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

						<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

	<p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

					<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

						<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

						<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

						<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

						<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

						<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

						<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

	<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

				<p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

				<p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

					<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

						<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

						<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

						<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

	<p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

	<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

	<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCashProceedsReceivedFromShareBasedPaymentAwardsTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfReconciliationOfTheWarrantLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleofsharebasedcompensationstockoptionsactivityandwarrantsorrightsactivityTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; border-color: black; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 8pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 8pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroGVqsFbcXFiveNinewFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroGznKTCrOneZfTr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroSixBThreexkXtrmGJK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeropFivedMDNMCFiveXLs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroKFourFiveSevendZeroJqRnGR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerotQSixvVhcytggSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroLHxLLhmkTSixFiveT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroswOnemBpqFivevMzR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationBasisOfPresentationBusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AuctionMarketPreferredSecuritiesStockSeriesLiquidationValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatutoryAccountingPracticesDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroFourkSevenVMBqnNineGyFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroggEightgbgSevenlXtJq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroSixqmwJBvFSqEightg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerosTwoSKZgOnePrXhW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeromFourCdCGQGZkXX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroRFourFourZeroZCHsbBQz'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedStatementOfCashFlowsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeromzhqllzQbTsl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedStatementOfCashFlowsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroThreemOneqFZlFourTwozmc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedStatementOfCashFlowsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerocZTcxyDQKSevenZeroy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedStatementOfCashFlowsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroEightSxrQfpqypDEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedStatementOfCashFlowsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerodRDEightPSZxqEightJG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_GainOnRemeasurementOfAccruedStaffFringeAndSocialBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDerivativeInstrumentsNetPretax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_PrepaymentsAndOtherReceivablesTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

	<p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

					<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

		<p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

							<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

        <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; border-color: black; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfIndividualCustomerAccountsReceivableThatRepresentedOneZeroOrMoreOfTotalAccountsReceivablesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroFgEightLNEightmmhlOneNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfIndividualCustomerAccountsReceivableThatRepresentedOneZeroOrMoreOfTotalAccountsReceivablesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerosTwoHHPbwfRyTT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfIndividualCustomerAccountsReceivableThatRepresentedOneZeroOrMoreOfTotalAccountsReceivablesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroZerovVNHpHJGThreeEights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfIndividualCustomerAccountsReceivableThatRepresentedOneZeroOrMoreOfTotalAccountsReceivablesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroJgvbrwRzMyvT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfIndividualCustomerAccountsReceivableThatRepresentedOneZeroOrMoreOfTotalAccountsReceivablesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeromWhTwFBNlLXT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfIndividualCustomerAccountsReceivableThatRepresentedOneZeroOrMoreOfTotalAccountsReceivablesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroGlRGnZFiveOneGCEights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfIndividualCustomerAccountsReceivableThatRepresentedOneZeroOrMoreOfTotalAccountsReceivablesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroMbSixWNbLOneLSixTQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfIndividualCustomerAccountsReceivableThatRepresentedOneZeroOrMoreOfTotalAccountsReceivablesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerodEightZWqcEightGPJThreew'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfIndividualCustomerAccountsReceivableThatRepresentedOneZeroOrMoreOfTotalAccountsReceivablesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroWyxCNFiveySevenOneHzb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfIndividualCustomerAccountsReceivableThatRepresentedOneZeroOrMoreOfTotalAccountsReceivablesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroHPFourSixyddDmbcl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroCZSwCrfNineVvxd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroyNineCNlTSevenTdTwoSevenNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroOneprEightywHNVPFw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerogHtThreeXntLDKGR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroZHTFiveTySevenWmqbSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroxRNinepThreenSevenmfMTH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerorgSixlzTwotSVLkz'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroTcThreeNineTEightOneTZQdr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroBOneThreezwDTpGrpd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroZXWNineMqmbBBNd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroCstbcbOneWRXFp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroTpMTZeroEightrDSevennvm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroCThreeOneWFivexgJQffT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroGcFivehxOneDvNEightPk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroGSixOneTPTpQRGTk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerolBnZSbNZeroswkz'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfExchangeRatesFinancialStatementsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroBTVmBZeroSKOneLgc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfExchangeRatesFinancialStatementsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroFwhsdcFQSBhg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfExchangeRatesFinancialStatementsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroFourNineBLbmkThreeHdDB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfExchangeRatesFinancialStatementsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroTwoHVHgrMOneOneVHS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfIndividualSuppliersAccountedForOneZeroOrMoreOfTheGroupapossProcurementZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroLwcpmZeroyFourSixmgR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfIndividualSuppliersAccountedForOneZeroOrMoreOfTheGroupapossProcurementZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroplZeroTwoZmSevencBzsZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfIndividualSuppliersAccountedForOneZeroOrMoreOfTheGroupapossProcurementZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroBwFourvnLgLrDkn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfIndividualSuppliersAccountedForOneZeroOrMoreOfTheGroupapossProcurementZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroRQTwoTHfXgLNwOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfIndividualSuppliersAccountedForOneZeroOrMoreOfTheGroupapossProcurementZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerobMwxPFourlJTwocnH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfIndividualSuppliersAccountedForOneZeroOrMoreOfTheGroupapossProcurementZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerotMcDFfqdfLWD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfInventoriesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroPkZMTwonEightFiveLCPL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfInventoriesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroWEightCOnecrThreeRqWEightJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfInventoriesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroBdFourSevenkhLOneyxlk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfInventoriesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroLEightZeroKWqWEightVtGD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfInventoriesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroPZgwQhTNinefSixSixEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfInventoriesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroXktwTNineXHMKkK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfInventoriesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeronFiveQHkFyyycGSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfInventoriesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerocZTNinembLltXvd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfUsefulLivesOfIntangibleAssetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroEightSixPcgpFNWwxl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfUsefulLivesOfIntangibleAssetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroQKHEightfmkMfVJy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroMqKNZPTCZXFiveFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerofWMtSwKOnetnFivey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroNSevenwNWFourxVKvyp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroWDFourKLTworNRVMg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerobTFourrngrXtQrK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroMgOneNineDTHyTwoThreeQSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroTwoGJNNmwvTwFiveZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroXNineJFournVgmQZerorN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroyfXMfzCDWKlH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroThreeSixRTJxOnelgrWNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeromtKZhqhbKLKOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroLrTwoSTwoSixlqSevenzPy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerobgThreeblJFiveQywRw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroRmhfQNineHpZeroVTwoC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerodJTWEightTFourlPJNR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroPNineHQNineFFNinemzThreek'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroDFiveJNCXXThreeJDZeroN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerobHTVJmwpwSevenVOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroVRWFiveSevenFrDPThreenEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroGyThreepZeroThreerdGMSixS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroSixsSixBhWkvEightmrN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroTDsPTTFiveRRLVR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroFiveRzqnkcSPTGw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroNinedXSixSBhmFiveSevensOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroQEightNFivegWzHEightcWF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerotTThreeLMXVtzThreeLC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroHRzwVOnerbGkBJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroPvcwphSixTGcqSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroqNZerokTwodxFourBQFK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroOneJmsQPWFivehPZN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerodgZLwPXSixpGZeron'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroZerogFcHzDmqgThreeP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroNinewlFsBsSNFourxK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerocbGZkFivefNlJTn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroZZeroqPJswGcTkm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroqdfKFourlWZeroFTwoNineL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroVEightsHFFTLzPzW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroTMXLHRZnCrGz'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroNineKpFfDdSeventQThreeX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerokThreeFXOnekBSSixxfc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroRVFrHrRTSevenbvv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerotBVSevenVqzTwozDmQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroGThreeVtwgFiveFEightcSM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroSevenlTwoHlhBXJLys'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeronzZeroklmFiveTdVCw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroGFivehZerorSixxpTEightzh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroSevenNqnBCXHLTsT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeropNineFxNSevenCTworlZeroT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroXwFiverDntpgqff'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerozwpKZSevenlFoursDSx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroSixdDypSixHgkvpl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroflVcZeroVwmlQVR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroDTwoMqDNhdSrQFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroGThreetGLFourhcDLmC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroBKXZNineLOneWJPWNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroVLsVrVJxBfTf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroXZerovFJSixZeroGNKHp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroSNOnehrplGTbpb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroThreeNineEightDThreelxNineZfdH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroKzFourmGHSixmDhRSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroDThreeSevenfWCXFiveJGpP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroThreetwlXTwoFxthPt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroyPFourzSNxzLJcP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroxCEightMgrThreeRnchf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerozSnkZZeroEightfSevenbMc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeronFPtTwoBEightNLDTOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerorbKvOnesDZFivekTwoD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroMcwhMDbFvxEightZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroXhThreeOneglfrTbwp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroMbTZerolzmQcMCZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroGzSevenSevenLHGqTwoJHEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroQThreedTXWFourZkMNq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroQThreeCZbBnzmPSg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroNTbEightBvJWFwrg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroFivermHGSqbhSevenFiveb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroCzFiveFourEightSixJnSevenThreeRp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroytSevenSixmXFourxcmThreeT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockholdersEquityZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroHHkJgSixVLMMwS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerovTwoZeroTwLyTdHbB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroSixbQFourCFiveHTnhTwoNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRevenueByMajorCustomersByReportingSegmentsTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfAmountsReceivableThatRepresentedTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfIndividualSuppliersAccountedForOneZeroOrMoreOfTheGroupsProcurementTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_PreferredStockConvertedIntoCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_PreferredStockConvertedIntoCommonStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_PreferredStockDividendConvertedIntoCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_PreferredStockDividendConvertedIntoCommonStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatutoryAccountingPracticesPrescribedPracticeAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_RestrictedStockUnitVesting'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_RestrictedStockUnitVestingShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStockAwardNetOfForfeitures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_PreferredStockConvertedIntoCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_PreferredStockConvertedIntoCommonStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_PreferredStockDividendConvertedIntoCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_PreferredStockDividendConvertedIntoCommonStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatutoryAccountingPracticesPrescribedPracticeAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ShareBasedPaymentToNonEmployees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStockAwardNetOfForfeitures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_StockIssuedDuringPeriodShareRestrictedStockAwardNetOfForfeitures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_IssuanceOfRestrictedShareToEmployees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_IssuanceOfRestrictedShareToEmployeesShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroOneBKqNineTfSixrqGB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerodbfFourgrXZeroOneEightBFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroROnelFourGmrNvBBx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeropThreeZHSixkCThreeHTBTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroZeroThreeTwovtsMTVGss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroTWSVTwoKSCtFNineX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroGdFouryzXDSixSFqTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroGVHFlSnPZbQw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroKtQwGsnFiveJLZerov'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerorJbWZzEightyRTwoWw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroNineDwTnThreebOnevNinelh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroQTycOnetCQKTwomr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerodlgcRDgqqQzp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroStZvQKrROneMbTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerokEightpFFiveFSevenVkWTv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroKKCzThreeFNMbnbb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerozJcPsqBNKpZH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroEightBnlTwoLdCdBGr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroMnmycsmTrNineHS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerovsMFXGTfJCJT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroVBOnedSixTxCSixfqz'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroMscynZTvfgkEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroSEightpFrVtrcFivesZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerokbbJlThreeSPWStN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroSbOneOneqvwLDhFiveG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroNEightgVRdNRplmSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroSevenrSixNineZeroyLKFkqQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroFiveZeroxqSixmThreeBEightJXl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroOneWEightSevenfgpCGThreeHc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerorOneHzyThreeZJGzfW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeropplyHlkKsTTEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroDkGKSevenfRLGwpp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroGZeroTTwodKkwqFThreeJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerobTSixwqQlrThreeJMn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeronRSevenNinetpfWTwornOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroZNineSfMFourSXQEightbb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroCrQCWrTfnJBX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroKNFJTwowHmNgLl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroJdwJsShmTwoSLf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroPkGTsZWxyntC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerowqVJQnSbQmEightt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroFiveXKTwodFivefxTdkQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeromvplOneTBvQvXk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansNotesTradeAndOtherReceivablesDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

		<p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

							<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

		<p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_CommitmentsAndContingenciesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroyGhpSevenhOneQnEightks'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_CommitmentsAndContingenciesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroMpmxTwoRPhBThreeDFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfDueToRelatedPartiesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeronSlTSBftThreeOnetTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfDueToRelatedPartiesZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroRKTWMnZOneSqbn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEstimatedExpenseOfTheIntangibleAssetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroZmZeroqJFMzdRmM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEstimatedExpenseOfTheIntangibleAssetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroThreeBrhsQFiveGVFzK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEstimatedExpenseOfTheIntangibleAssetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroFiveNinelSnWSevenrPXNineN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfEstimatedExpenseOfTheIntangibleAssetsZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeronqmynblWThFiveK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationVariableInterestEntityPolicy'
<p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy'
<p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesPolicyTextBlock'
<p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsFiniteLivedPolicy'
<p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchDevelopmentAndComputerSoftwarePolicyTextBlock'
<p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomePolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock'
<p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesPolicyTextBlock'
<p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfWarrantsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeromDnSevenlcbQkPTwow'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfWarrantsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerofgqSixZeroJFourKMNgX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfWarrantsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerotQlQFiveXMTwoNXgZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfWarrantsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerofZeroTPSixPZDptZerox'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfWarrantsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroNineTZeromRLxRcVcThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfWarrantsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroVSevenXCHJXqMZkF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfWarrantsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroCrJnOneWThxfEightNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfWarrantsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeromsWMJNineTpZnFThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfWarrantsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeropTwoBTzxQlFourHmT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfWarrantsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerodNineSixOnedWFEightJHJP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfWarrantsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerovNinenZlDSixSevenRFivevG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfWarrantsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroTrQsyfFiverFourQnG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfWarrantsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeronNwXqLRVThreeJqS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfWarrantsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroThreeRRpZeroTwogGqMyx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfWarrantsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerofPstMnkPSNpC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfWarrantsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroXmEightBSixKxDMlEightc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfWarrantsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerofdSixVJThreeNinevFourSevenwL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfWarrantsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerongmThreeNrsFiveFTwobQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfWarrantsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroDClDfhSixSixdpEightC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfWarrantsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroCMcpZeroXpBrhNineq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfWarrantsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerosTwosPSVDmpgZeroQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfWarrantsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroVqdgkqQgkQBT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfWarrantsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroSixVSixCQSevenTwoyCTwoKSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfWarrantsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroTwopSixqEightrrhTworKt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfWarrantsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroNSevenXZZeroxSixSevenKRJTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfWarrantsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroMlRCNzStqFkt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfWarrantsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeroPGFiveQtFourOnetTwovvEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfWarrantsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZerofPKdJwkGOnemGr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nuin_ScheduleOfWarrantsIssuedAndOutstandingZeroTwoZeroSixFiveZeronNXkqvvqkFsJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

