

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-18-013211
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		120
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20180630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20180928
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20180928
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ORANCO INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001098996
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				870574491
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-28181
		FILM NUMBER:		181094621
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE LIBERTY PLAZA
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2310 PMB# 21
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10006
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-759-3614
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE LIBERTY PLAZA
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2310 PMB# 21
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10006









     







Washington
 D.C. 20549




ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30
 2018


SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


to ___________



ORANCO
 INC.

its charter)



or Organization)




One Liberty Plaza
 Suite 2310 PMB# 21
New York
 NY 10006


executive offices)


12(b) of the Act: None


12(g) of the Act: None


is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
&#9744;



is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.



(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for shorter period that the registrant as required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days.

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post
such files).

No 


to Item 405 of Regulation S-K(&sect; 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of
registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or
any amendment to this Form 10-K.



is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of &ldquo;accelerated filer and large
accelerated filer&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



    
    

    
    

    
    



 indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.







common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the last business day of the registrant&rsquo;s most recently completed
second fiscal quarter was approximately $4
231
791.



 2018
 there were 98
191
480
shares of the registrant&rsquo;s common stock issued and outstanding.






    
    






    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules
    

    
    
    



    
    




This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Securities Act&rdquo;)
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;). These forward-looking statements
are not historical facts but rather are based on current expectations
 estimates and projections. We may use words such as &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo;
&ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;foresee
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate&rdquo;
and variations of these words and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees
of future performance and are subject to certain risks
 uncertainties and other factors
 some of which are beyond our control
are difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted. These risks and
uncertainties include the following:


The availability and adequacy
of working capital to meet our requirements;



Actions taken or omitted
to be taken by legislative
 regulatory
 judicial and other governmental authorities;



Changes in our business
strategy or development plans;



The availability of additional
capital to support capital improvements and development;



Other risks identified
in this report and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission or the SEC; and



The availability of new
business opportunities.


This Annual Report on Form 10-K
should be read completely and with the understanding that actual future results may be materially different from what we
expect. The forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are made as of the date of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K and should be evaluated with consideration of any changes occurring after the date of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. We will not update forward-looking statements even though our situation may change in the future and we assume
no obligation to update any forward-looking statements
 whether as a result of new information
 future events or
otherwise.




hereof
 references in this report to &ldquo;Company
&rdquo; &ldquo;ORNC
&rdquo; &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us&rdquo; and &ldquo;our&rdquo;
are references to Oranco
 Inc. All references to &ldquo;USD&rdquo; or United States Dollars refer to the legal currency of the
United States of America.


    
    









in China through its operating subsidiary
 Fenyang Huaxin Wine Industry Development Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Huaxin&rdquo;)
 a People&rsquo;s
Republic of China company located in Shanxi Province
 that is 100% held by Fujian Jin&rsquo;ou Trading Co.
 Ltd. We maintain our principal executive offices at One Liberty Plaza
 Suite 2310 PMB# 21
 New York
NY 10006
 United States. Our telephone number is (646) 759-3614.





    
    



sale of Chinese Fenjiu liquor and imported wines. We run a growing alcoholic beverage business guided by a core purpose: to promote
premium alcoholic beverages to China&rsquo;s population. We aim to achieve this purpose by catering to the ever-evolving tastes
in alcohols through our creative marketing strategies and innovative product designs that target different age groups of China&rsquo;s
population. To that end
 we have hired marketing talents who have decades of experience in effective alcohol brand building. As
a result
 we have managed to respond to the demand for Chinese Fenjiu liquor and imported wines in the Chinese marketplace.


is its unique combination of light alcohol fragrance and its soft and subtle sweetness. This combination has been one of the predominant
taste preference amongst Chinese drinkers. Our Chinese Fenjiu liquor is a 53-proof clear spirit with a long lasting clean aftertaste. Our strategic partner
 Shanxi Xinghuacun Fenjiu Group Alcohol Industry Development Zone Sales Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Fenjiu Group&rdquo;)
produces our Chinese Fenjiu product. Its brewing process is guided by the principle of &ldquo;clean&rdquo; and &ldquo;pure&rdquo;
and such standard is achieved by double fermentation and double distillation process in order to increase the yield of ethanol
and expel any unfavorable flavors. The fermented grains
 usually sorghum and barley
 will be distilled; the distilled grains will
be fermented once more; then the re-fermented grains will be distilled again.


of Chinese hard liquor is largely dependent on brand recognition that was built upon decades of customer goodwill and unique marketing
strategies. Fenjiu liquor is recognized highly amongst Chinese consumers. It has long been a common liquor choice for traditional
Chinese festivities
 thus enjoying a deep cultural recognition amongst Chinese drinkers.


great business opportunities for us to utilize creative product designs and marketing strategies to attract Chinese consumers.
Collaborating with the Fenjiu Group
 the sole producer of Fenjiu liquor in China
 we have been focusing on product design to try
to convey a modern feel to our Fenjiu products while maintaining Fenjiu liquor&rsquo;s historical elegance. We believe our designer
packaging stands out from our competitors&rsquo;
 symbolized by its bright coloring and prominently fat-bellied jars. With creative
designs and stylized name
 our registered trademarks
 such as Dagangjiu (translated as &ldquo;Big Jar Liquor&rdquo;)
 are effective
in capturing young and older Chinese populations&rsquo; attention.



    
    




    
    




    
    



 we believe our imported
wine distribution business has a high growth potential as evidenced from the marked prices of the imported wines from Spain and
New Zealand
 countries from where we import our wine products
 in the current Chinese market. A great majority of competitive players
have priced their 750mL bottles of wine imported from Spain and New Zealand well above RMB 200. This price falls within the premium
range in the general Chinese wine market. Within the general Chinese wine market
 the premium range enjoyed the highest year-on-year
growth compared to other price tiers of wine in 2017. This pricing trend for premium wines is applicable to imported wine from
Spain and New Zealand
 which we believe will benefit our growth in 2018. Accordingly
 our strategy is to continue pricing our imported
wine products within the premium range levels to generate higher margins. Though marketing and brand identity are still integral
part of wine business in China
 wine sales are highly driven by the origin of the wines. Since Spanish and New Zealand are considered
prime origins for wine productions
 our wine products will continue grab the attention of Chinese drinkers
 ensuring the sustainable
growth of our imported wine business.


wholesale and marketing channels. We sell directly to our six major distributors who then retail our products to over 300
storefronts and outlets. Even though we do not retail our products online
 we believe the internet is a great way to
market our products. Aside from promoting our products through traditional TV platforms
 we have established our reputation
on existing major Chinese e-commerce platforms such as Taobao.com and further enhanced our business goodwill through our
marketing on online-to-offline (&ldquo;O2O&rdquo;)
 business-to-business (&ldquo;B2B&rdquo;) and business-to-consumer
(&ldquo;B2C&rdquo;) platforms. We promote our Fenjiu liquors and imported wine through WeChat and other social media apps to
strengthen our marketing efforts and to educate the general public on Chinese liquor tasting and history of Chinese Fenjiu
liquors.


and creative product designs are two major contributing factors to our success. To improve and maintain the effectiveness of our
marketing strategies
 we have established integrated and collaborative processes to drive coordinated operations across our marketing
efforts and sales. Our marketing strategies enable us to promote multiple sales concepts across two major alcohol categories
 effectively
attracting different age and cultural groups of Chinese populations. Our marketing plans are strategically designed to be efficiently
executed and are tailored to meet unique taste and evolving demands of Chinese people. As a result
 we believe that the Company&rsquo;s
innovative and highly-customized designs draw considerable public attention
 which in turns is a factor in maximizing sales. As
an example
 in May 2015
 we introduced a new line of product
 &ldquo;Qishierbian&rdquo; (translated as &ldquo;72 Earthly Transformations&rdquo;)
which brings modern visuals
 ancient stories and new interpretations of Chinese culture to traditional Fenjiu liquor. This has
helped creating acceptance of Fenjiu liquor from younger generations and its success reflects the changing needs and preferences
of the Chinese populations. Over the past three years
 we have generated approximately RMB 15
413
175 in revenue under &ldquo;Qishierbian&rdquo;.
We believe it is essential to improve the overall business sustainability through focusing on marketing strategies and creative
product designs to support our success.



 2018
 we generated
revenue of approximately 84.9% from Fenjiu liquor wholesale and approximately 15.1% from imported wine wholesale. For the year
ended June 30
 2017
 we generated revenue of approximately 89.9% from Fenjiu liquor wholesale and approximately 10.1% from imported
wine wholesale. We have not experienced any seasonality in our business.




    
    







for Chinese hard liquor
 especially Fenjiu liquor
 will continue to grow in China. The overall business environment has been
optimistic
 due to the continuous economic growth evidenced by the significant growth of Chinese nominal gross domestic
product (&ldquo;GDP&rdquo;). This has led to an ever-increasing growth in China&rsquo;s per capita expenditures on food
tobacco
 and alcoholic beverages
 indicating increased consumers&rsquo; disposable income and willingness to spend money on
alcoholic beverages in general. According to the National Bureau of Statistics of China
 the sales volumes of Chinese liquor
in China has remained relatively flat between 2012 and 2016. Given the increasing purchasing power and improving living
standards
 the sales volume of Chinese liquor increased from 11
267.0 million liters in 2012 to 13
057.1 million liters in
2016
 with a compound annual growth rate (&ldquo;CAGR&rdquo;) of 3.8%. Overall
 we believe consumers are increasingly
interested in drinking better quality liquor. We expect that with the Chinese consumers&rsquo; increasing purchasing power
the consumption of Chinese liquor will shift to higher quality products and therefore the Chinese liquor market is expected
ccording to the
China Insights Consultancy (&ldquo;CIC&rdquo;) report
 there are approximately 1
578 Chinese liquor producers in China with
annual revenue above RMB 20 million in 2016. These producers are mainly located in the southwest
 northeast and central
China. Given the Chinese government&rsquo;s implementation of policies designed to control and limit spending on &ldquo;the
three public consumptions&rdquo;
 namely overseas travel
 receptions
 and official cars
 the high-end Chinese liquor market
in China has undergone extensive restructuring since 2012. 



reception events. However
 in 2012
 the Chinese governments implemented policies designed to control and limit spending on
&ldquo;the three public consumptions&rdquo;
 namely overseas travel
 receptions
 and use of government vehicles. Ripples of
this anti-corruption campaign are felt beyond the high-end liquor industry
 in sectors that heavily rely on China&rsquo;s
gifting culture and the lavish lifestyle of the privileged for growth. This extensive restructuring of Chinese liquor market
caused by the anti-corruption campaign from Chinese government lasted for several years. As a result
 the overall spending on
high-end liquor market in China was limited and the sales volumes of Chinese high-end liquor has remained relatively flat
till 2016. Nowadays
 the structure of Chinese liquor market is stable again and has a steady growth supported by constant
economic growth in China. Chinese consumers are expected to spend more on purchasing high-end liquors led by their increasing
purchasing power.


the sole suppliers of Fenjiu liquor in China. Fenjiu liquor has a relatively long history and is one of the world-famous Chinese
liquor brands. Due to the Chinese government&rsquo;s implementation of policies meant to control and limit spending on &ldquo;the
three public consumptions&rdquo;
 sales revenue in the Fenjiu liquor market have followed a downward trend since 2012. However
with increasing per capita incomes and rising demand for mid- to high-range products
 the Fenjiu liquor market started to rebound
in 2015
 the market has expanded in terms of sales revenue to reach RMB5
117.9 million in 2016. Shanxi Province is the main market
of Fenjiu liquor. Approximately 55% of Fenjiu liquor sales revenue was achieved in Shanxi in 2016. It is expected that the sales
revenue of Fenjiu liquor will reach a further RMB10
532.0 million in China by 2022
 increasing at a CAGR of 12.8% between 2016
and 2022.


 at the
end of 2016
 the total number of Fenjiu liquor distributors reached 987 in China. The Fenjiu liquor distribution market is
highly competitive with no single distributor occupying a major share of the market.


for new competitors in the Fenjiu liquor distribution market. Firstly
 it is important for new entrants to get an authorization
from Fenjiu Group
 which is the sole provider of Fenjiu liquor products in China
 to distribute Fenjiu Group&rsquo;s products.
Fenjiu Group started placing stricter requirements on its distributors
 including
 for example
 new sales target
 rich experience
in the industry
 good past performance in cooperation with the Group
 etc. Thus
 it has become increasingly difficult for new players
to enter the market. Fenjiu liquor enjoys widespread popularity in and around Shanxi Province
 with markets in other parts of China
being significantly smaller. It is therefore important for new entrants to have a pre-existing distribution network in certain
regions of China in order to be successful. It remains risky for new entrants to enter into new areas where Fenjiu liquor is not
yet fully established and where the distribution market is already saturated. Distributors range from mom-and-pop stores in Shanxi
Province to larger companies with years of experience in the Fenjiu liquor industry
 each competing for a fair share of the market.
Intense competition arises between distributors within the same region
 selling the same or different Fenjiu brands. Fenjiu liquor
includes a variety of products
 differing in terms of ABV
 vintage
 recipe
 etc. Although there are no dominant varieties in the
market
 some are preferred by end consumers more than others. However
 almost all of these popular varieties have already been
taken up by exclusive distributors. Thus
 new entrants might find it difficult to source popular products directly from Fenjiu
Group or will be left to source them from existing distributors
 which entails lower profit margins.&nbsp;



    
    





Wine
 or OIV
 the per capita wine consumption in China is much lower than the US average level between 2012 and 2016. After the
reduction of &ldquo;three public consumptions&rdquo; in 2013
 China&rsquo;s per capita consumption showed a further decrease.
However
 the consumption pattern has changed and the wine consumption has grown into a mass consumption accompanied by a decrease
in wine price. Compared with the world average consumption
 China&rsquo;s per capita wine consumption has been around one-third
of the world&rsquo;s average since 2010. The relatively low per capita wine consumption in China indicates great growth potential
for China&rsquo;s wine market in the future.



 Chinese consumers
should
 between 2017 and 2022
 develop the habit of drinking wine rather than other alcoholic beverages
 wine consumption is
considered a healthier option. In addition
 the development of O2O platforms selling wine will most certainly facilitate the purchase
of wine in China.


for China&rsquo;s wine market. Firstly
 China&rsquo;s per capita disposable income has been increasing rapidly mainly due
to increasing wages. Rising disposable income translates into increasing purchasing power for Chinese people; it also means
that Chinese people tend to focus more on their quality of life. As wine is considered in China as a premium product with
some beneficial health effect
 we believe that increasing purchasing power will stimulate the further growth of wine
consumption. In addition
 the characteristics associated with drinking wine
 such as beautification and antioxidation
 play
an important role in contributing to its consumption
 especially for female customers. Secondly
 China&rsquo;s urbanization
rate has been improving greatly during the past decades and the Chinese government sets up the goal that the urbanization
rate of China is set to reach 60% by 2020. With the further improvement of the urbanization rate in China
 the retail sales
market is experiencing a rapid growth in urban regions in China. Thirdly
 there are favorable national and international
policies for imported wine. According to bilateral trade agreements signed by the PRC government with New Zealand
 Chile and
Australia
 imported goods from the three countries will benefit from low tariff rates
 effective from 2019. According to
those agreements
 by 2019
 these tariffs will be totally eliminated. This favorable policy should reduce the wine retailing
price and hence contribute to a growth in sales.



Our Company has a high brand recognition
in the Chinese Fenjiu liquor market 


liquor is one of the Chinese Fenjiu liquor market&rsquo;s popular brands. We believe that we have built a reputation among Chinese
drinkers as a reliable Fenjiu liquor brand. Our customers choose our Fenjiu products for personal enjoyment
 gifts for loved ones
or superior quality alcohol for special occasions such as weddings and other traditional Chinese festivities. We have also leveraged
the strength of the Fenjiu Group to become one of the leading Fenjiu brands in international alcohol festivals such as the World
Wine Culture Expo held in Shanxi
 China in 2017. We believe our high brand recognition anchors our packaging and distribution
business with strong customer goodwill in Shanxi province and beyond
 providing us with a competitive advantage.


Our Marketing Experts&rsquo; Extensive
Experience and Superior Reputation in our Industry 


marketing team cannot match our marketing experts&rsquo; extensive industry experience and their superior reputation. We believe
our commercial campaigns build strong credibility with consumers and potential liquor distribution partners and shape the market
trends of consumer preferences and business evolutions in the industry.


 we believe our marketing
expertise and design proficiency required to successfully attract new customers combined with our ability to generate a range of
business concepts and capability to customize each sales opportunity according to customers&rsquo; need are advantages when competing
in the Chinese Fenjiu market. Our expertise also allows us to successfully manage the numerous regional and cultural complexities
involved in operating a traditional liquor business in China.



    
    





It can be diversified in terms of the product flavors we serve and producers we sign commissions with. While operating a mix of
marketing campaigns and business concepts under our own registered trademarks &ldquo;Dagangjiu&rdquo; and &ldquo;Dagang Jiufang&rdquo;
we entrust the liquor production to reputed large-scale producers. Currently
 we are in a strategic partnership with Fenjiu Group.


emphasizes on the marketing
 packaging and distribution of Fenjiu liquor and imported wines
 should we want to change our business
strategy to cater to more popular product types such as Luzhou-flavor liquor and Maotai-flavor liquor
 we can quickly adjust our
marketing concepts and product packaging to meet customers&rsquo; evolving needs and preferences. Since our bard is well recognized
and the intellectual property used for our brand is owned by us
 we can change our strategic partnerships to address new product
preferences while maintaining our accumulated goodwill. This approach enables us to update marketing concepts and product mix any
time and allows us to be flexible in our marketing approach.


the marketing resilience of our business performance.




management team has guided our organization through its expansion and
 we believe
 positioned us for continued growth. Each
member of our team has an average of 20 years of expertise. Additionally
 our management team possesses extensive experience
across a broad range of disciplines
 including Chinese liquor marketing
 sales
 E-Commerce
 finance
 franchising and business
management. Our management team embraces our core purpose to &ldquo;promote premium alcoholic beverages to the Chinese
population of all ages&rdquo; and exemplifies our passionate and customer-oriented culture
 which is shared by our employees
throughout our company. We believe this results in a service-driven and cohesive management team focused on long-term
business growth.





 2018
 we generated
revenue of approximately 84.9% from Fenjiu liquor wholesale and approximately 15.1% from imported wine wholesale. For the year
ended June 30
 2017
 we generated revenue of approximately 89.9% from Fenjiu liquor wholesale and approximately 10.1% from imported
wine wholesale. We have not experienced any seasonality in our business.





business
 we secure a strategic partnership with dealers based on our market survey data
 market positioning data
 sales
channels data
 sales capabilities data and sales potential evaluation. We further evaluate dealers according to their
geographical and administrative area and categorize them into provincial
 municipal and county agents. We establish
cooperative relationships and strategic sales partnership amongst them to further facilitate the sales of our products. We
wholesale our Fenjiu liquor products directly to these dealers.


 we target dealers with sales
access to retail stores and outlets. We sell our Fenjiu products with simple and bulk packaging to these dealers. The main idea
is to achieve profit margins through the reduction of high-end designs and packaging while maintaining a relatively low price
of our Fenjiu liquor products. Through this approach
 we believe we can reach a greater number of Chinese customers who are attracted
by the cost-effectiveness of our products. We sell our products to our dealers who then resell these products to retail stores
and outlets.


wholesale business accounted for 89.9% and 84.9%
 respectively
 of the total revenue derived from our general business in 2017
and 2018.





we secure strategic partnerships with dealers based on our market survey data
 market positioning data
 sales channels data
 sales
capabilities data and sales potential evaluation. We further evaluate dealers according to their geographical and administrative
area and categorize them into provincial
 municipal and county agents. We establish cooperative relationships and strategic sales
partnership amongst them to further facilitate the sales of our products. We wholesale our imported wines directly to these dealers.


wholesale business accounted for 10.1% of the total revenue derived from our general business in 2017.



    
    





liquor market. As a result
 customers face a tremendous number of choices when deciding which brand or product to choose from.


000 multi-layered
distributors as of the beginning of 2018
 with these distributors often serving as Fenjiu brand co-builders. Although the Fenjiu
Group is now widely known as the only producer of Fenjiu throughout the market
 intense competition in the wholesale market remains
since Fenjiu liquor distributors will continue working to co-build and enhance their respective brand image alongside Fenjiu Group
to capture additional market share from competitors. By the end of 2016
 there were nearly 1
000 distributors of Fenjiu liquor
Distributors range from mom-and-pop stores in Shanxi
Province to larger companies with years of experience in the Fenjiu liquor industry
 each competing for a fair share of the market.
Competition is even more intense amongst the distributors within the same region.


competitive. Competitors conduct various marketing activities and pricing strategies in an effort to keep their market shares
which directly impact our sales
 revenues and profitability. We follow the market trend constantly and adjust our own advertising
promotion
 pricing and sourcing strategies accordingly. In addition
 competitors in the Chinese wine market compete against us
for regaining highly qualified marketing personnel and staff members.


in the Chinese liquor and wine markets
 we have implemented a number of initiatives designed to expand revenues. Our revenue enhancement
initiatives include expanding our marketing efforts
 developing new products and working with start-up and bulk-sale customers
to decrease our marketing costs.




including Fenjiu liquor wholesale and imported wine wholesale
 in China. Huaxin is subject to various existing and probable governmental
regulations on its alcohol wholesale business.


of Liquor of Shanxi Province which came into effect on January 1
 2000
 entities or individuals who engage in liquor wholesale
in Shanxi Province shall apply for a License for Liquor Wholesale. Huaxin has obtained the License for Liquor Wholesale and such
license will expire on December 31
 2018. Also
 Huaxin is required to obtain the Food Operation License pursuant to the Administrative
Measures for Food Operation Licensing which came into effect on November 17
 2017. Huaxin has obtained Food Operation License
and such license will expire on August 31
 2022. Nevertheless
 Huaxin may be subject to penalties by PRC regulatory authorities
if the wholesale license and food operation license is not timely renewed after expiration.



 license for liquor wholesale
is no longer required in nationwide level
 but it is still required in some particular Provinces
 such as Shanxi Province and Shanghai.
In addition to Shanxi Province
 the Company also sell liquor to other Provinces
 namely Fujian
 Ningxia
 Gansu
 Xinjiang
 Beijing
Shanghai and Hebei Province. Liquor wholesale business of the Company is operated by its subsidiaries
 Huaxin and Fenyang Jinqiang
Wine Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Jinqiang&rdquo;)
 both of which were established in Shanxi Province and have obtained wholesale licenses
in Shanxi Province. According to our telephone consultation with the competent authorities in Beijing
 Shanghai
 Ningxia
 Gansu
and Hebei
 no wholesale license is required for Huaxin or Jinqiang in such Provinces since Huaxin and Jinqiang were established
in Shanxi Province and have already obtained wholesale licenses in Shanxi Province. In conclusion
 no further wholesale license
is required in other Provinces where the Company operates its business
 unless the Company newly establish operating entity in
such Provinces and license is still required for liquor wholesale business in such Provinces.&nbsp;


pursuant to the Foreign Trade Law of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China (Revised in 2016)
 a foreign trade operator engaged
in import and export of goods shall register with competent local regulatory authorities in Shanxi Province that in charge of
foreign trades; and pursuant to the Administrative Provisions of the Customs of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China on the Registration
of Customs Declaration Entities
 consignors and consignees of imported and exported goods shall go through customs declaration
entity registration formalities with their local Customs in accordance with the applicable provisions. Huaxin has completed the
registration for a record as a foreign trade operator and has obtained Certificate of the Customs of the People&rsquo;s Republic
of China on the Registration of Customs Declaration Entities. The registration for a record as a foreign trade operator has no
time limit; while the validity period for Certificate of the Customs of the PRC on the Registration of Customs Declaration Entities
is two years and such certificate can be renewed before the expiration date. Nevertheless
 Huaxin may be subject to penalties
by PRC regulatory authorities if Huaxin fails to go through the modification formalities in the event of a change to any of its
details registered with the competent governmental authorities including its name
 nature
 domicile and legal representative.



    
    





downstream distributors. We rely upon several of our large customers from whom we generated substantial revenue each year
and the composition of our largest customers has changed from year to year. For the year ended June 30
 2018
 five of our
customers
 Beijing Huaxin Rongfa Trading Co.
 Ltd.
 Fuqing Jing Hong Trading Co.
 Ltd.
 Shanghai Baiwang Trading Co.
 Ltd.
New Venus Trade (Fujian) Group Co.
 Ltd. and Shanxi Moneng Trading Co.
 Ltd. represented approximately 16.3%
 16.2%
 11.5%
11.2% and 10.6% of Huaxin&rsquo;s revenue
 respectively. For the year ended June 30
 2017
 four of our customers
 Fuqing
Jing Hong Trading Co.
 Ltd.
 Beijing Huaxin Rongfa Trading Co.
 Ltd.
 New Venus Trade (Fujian) Group Co.
 Ltd. and
Shanghai Baiwang Trading Co.
 Ltd. represented approximately 27%
 30%
 11% and 15% of Huaxin&rsquo;s revenue
 respectively.
Huaxin currently engages its major customers with purchase agreements negotiated on an arm&rsquo;s length basis. These
purchase agreements customarily cover a one-year period and contain material subsections such as targeted customers&rsquo;
selling goals
 representation and warranties of the customers
 rights and responsibility of the customers
 pricing
adjustment
 logistics and shipping
 payment methods
 downstream management and dispute resolutions. While we believe that one
or more of our major customers could account for a significant portion of our sales for at least the year 2019
 we anticipate
that our customer&rsquo;s base will continue to expand and that in the future we will be less dependent on major
customers.




materials each year. For the year ended June 30
 2018
 five of our suppliers
 Shanxi Xinghuacun Liquor Group Wine Industry Development
Zone Sales Co.
 Ltd.
 Fuzhou Tongshunda Trading Co.
 Ltd.
 Fenyang Xinghua Haokoufu Wine Industry Flagship Store
 Shanxi Yuanquan
Drinking Co.
 Ltd. and Shanxi Xinjin Merchants Wine Group Co.
 Ltd.
 accounted for 41%
 17%
 10%
 8% and 8% of our total supply
purchases. For the year ended June 30
 2017
 five of our suppliers
 Shanxi Yuanquan Drinking Co.
 Ltd.
 Shanxi Wanli Wine Industry
Sales Co.
 Ltd.
 Fuyang City Xinghua Haokoufu Wine Industry Flagship Store
 Shanxi Xinjin Merchants Wine Group Co.
 Ltd. and Fuzhou
Tongshunda Trading Co.
 Ltd. represented for 45%
 21%
 13%
 11% and 8% of the total supply purchases. All supplier contracts with
large suppliers were entered from year to year on an arm&rsquo;s length basis.


 we enter into procurement agreements in the ordinary
course of business with our suppliers
 pursuant to a form of supply order typically on a &ldquo;deal by deal&rdquo; basis. However
we have a strategic partnership with Fenjiu Group. We entered into a partnership agreement with Fenjiu Group on June 30
 2017
pursuant to which Fenjiu Group has agreed to supply us $4
379
850 worth of Fenjiu liquor during a three-year period. We are committed
to buy and sell $4
379
850 worth of Fenjiu liquor pursuant to the strategic partnership agreement.




is a strategic priority for our business. We rely on a combination of patent
 copyright
 trademark and trade secret laws
 as well
as confidentiality agreements
 to establish and protect our proprietary rights. We do not rely on third-party licenses of intellectual
property for use in our business.


Form 10-K
 we had obtained two patents for liquor-making devices that can change proofs of various liquors
 both of which were
registered in 2015. Our issued PRC patents will expire in 2025. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 we had registered
10 trademarks and had submitted 11 additional trademark applications. Our registered PRC trademarks will expire between 2024 and
2028 but can be renewed before the trademarks&rsquo; respective expiration date. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
we had obtained two registered domain names.


we generally control access to and use of our proprietary and other confidential information through the use of internal and external
controls
 such as the use of confidentiality agreement with our employees.




 we had 54&nbsp;employees
throughout our operations in 4 offices and 3 warehouses. None of our employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement.
We have not experienced any work stoppages and we consider our relations with our employees to be good.



    
    





of the Exchange Act
 and files reports
 proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy these reports
proxy statements and other information at the public reference room maintained by the SEC at its Public Reference Room
 located
at 100 F Street
 N.E. Washington
 D.C. 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the public reference room by calling
the SEC at (800) SEC-0330. In addition
 we are required to file electronic versions of those materials with the SEC through the
SEC&rsquo;s EDGAR system. The SEC also maintains a website at http://www.sec.gov
 which contains reports
 proxy statements and
other information regarding registrants that file electronically with the SEC.




various risks related to doing business in the People&rsquo;s Republic of China (&ldquo;PRC&rdquo;).


 we conduct all of our operations
and all of our revenue is generated in the PRC. Accordingly
 economic
 political and legal developments in the PRC will significantly
affect our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and prospects. Our ability to operate profitably in the PRC may
be adversely affected by changes in policies by the PRC government
 including changes in laws
 regulations or their interpretation
particularly those dealing with the Internet
 including censorship and other restriction on material which can be transmitted over
the Internet
 security
 intellectual property
 money laundering
 taxation and other laws that affect our ability to operate our
business through mobile APP.


 since our business is dependent
upon government policies that encourage a market-based economy
 change in the political or economic climate in the PRC may impair
our ability to operate profitably
 if at all. The PRC government continues to exercise significant control over economic growth
in the PRC and we are dependent upon the PRC government pursuing policies that encourage private ownership of businesses. Restrictions
on private ownership of businesses would affect the e-commerce and lodging services in general.


 PRC laws and regulations governing
our current business operations are sometimes vague and uncertain and any changes in such laws and regulations may impair our
ability to operate profitably. The Laws and regulations regarding the interpretation and application of PRC laws that govern our
business and the enforcement and performance of our arrangements with customers in certain circumstances are sometimes vague and
may be subject to future changes
 and their official interpretation and enforcement may involve substantial uncertainty. New laws
and regulations that affect existing and proposed future businesses may also be applied retroactively
 which may have an adverse
effect on our business.



 because our business is conducted
in RMB and the price of our Common Stock is quoted in United States dollars
 changes in currency conversion rates may affect the
value of your investments. Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the RMB and dollar resulting from economic conditions and others
affect the value of our assets and the results of our operations in United States dollars. Any significant revaluation of the RMB
may materially and adversely affect our cash flows
 revenue and financial condition.


 the Enterprise Income Tax Law
(&ldquo;EIT Law&rdquo;) and its implementing rules provide that enterprises established outside of China whose &ldquo;de facto
management bodies&rdquo; are located in China are considered &ldquo;resident enterprises&rdquo; under PRC tax laws. However
 there
are no detailed rules or precedents governing the procedures and specific criteria for determining &ldquo;de facto management body.&rdquo;
If we are deemed as a PRC &ldquo;resident enterprise
&rdquo; we will be subject to PRC enterprise income tax on our worldwide income
at a uniform tax rate of 25%
 although dividends distributed to us from our existing PRC subsidiary and any other PRC subsidiaries
which we may establish from time to time could be exempt from the PRC dividend withholding tax due to our PRC &ldquo;resident recipient&rdquo;
status. In addition
 any dividends we pay to our non-PRC investors
 and the gains realized from the transfer of our Common Stocks
may be considered income derived from sources within the PRC and be subject to PRC tax
 at a rate of 10% in the case of non-PRC
enterprises or 20% in the case of non-PRC individuals (in each case
 subject to the provisions of any applicable tax treaty). This
could have a material and adverse effect on our overall effective tax rate
 our income tax expenses
 our net income and our dividends
paid to our shareholders.


 there are significant uncertainties
under the EIT Law relating to the withholding tax liabilities of our PRC subsidiary
 and dividends payable by our PRC subsidiary
to our offshore subsidiaries may not qualify to enjoy certain treaty benefits. Under the PRC EIT Law and its implementation rules
the profits of a foreign-invested enterprise generated through operations
 which are distributed to its immediate holding company
outside the PRC
 will be subject to a withholding tax rate of 10%. Pursuant to a special arrangement between Hong Kong and the
PRC
 such rate may be reduced to 5% if a Hong Kong resident enterprise owns more than 25% of the equity interest in the PRC company.
Our PRC subsidiary is wholly-owned by our Hong Kong subsidiary. In current practice
 a Hong Kong enterprise must obtain a tax resident
certificate from the relevant Hong Kong tax authority to apply for the 5% lower PRC withholding tax rate. As the Hong Kong tax
authority will issue such a tax resident certificate on a case-by-case basis
 we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain
the tax resident certificate from the relevant Hong Kong tax authority. Additionally
 even after we obtain the Hong Kong tax resident
certificate
 we are required by applicable tax laws and regulations to file required forms and materials with relevant PRC tax
authorities to prove that we can enjoy 5% lower PRC withholding tax rate. There is no assurance that the PRC tax authorities will
approve the 5% withholding tax rate on dividends received from our Hong Kong business entity.



    
    









One Liberty Plaza
 Suite 2310 PMB# 21
 New York
 NY 10006.


at Building 22
 Baihui Shoufu
 Xinghuacun Town
 Fenyang City
 Shanxi Province
 China
 where we own the property with an aggregate
floor area of approximately 1561.6 square meters. This includes Huaxin&rsquo;s sales and marketing office
 communication and business
development office and our management and operations facilities.


properties for its operations:


from Fenyang Baihui Real Estate Co.
 Ltd. on an arm&rsquo;s
length basis
 approximately 50 square meters of office space at No.2
 Floor
 Block A4
 Baihui Shoufu
 Xinghuacun
Town
 Fenyang City
 Shanxi Province
 China under a lease that expires on September 6
 2018 and can be renewed subject to mutual




from Taiyuan Xiangyu Enterprise Management Consulting Co.
Ltd. on an arm&rsquo;s length basis
 approximately 100 square meters of office space at No.5
 Unit 1
 Building 2
 No. 343
 Fenyang
Road
 Xiaodian District
 Taiyuan City
 Shanxi Province
 China under a lease that expires on November 9
 2018 and can be renewed




from Shanxi Zhanpeng Metal Products Co.
 Ltd. on an arm&rsquo;s
length basis
 approximately 1000 square meters of office space at No. 2
 South Hero Road
 Fenyang City
 Shanxi Province
 China
under a lease that expires on March 9




from Ms. Jiangmei Guo on an arm&rsquo;s length basis
 approximately
140 square meters of office space at No. 1011
 Unit 2
 Unit 1
 Wenxingyuan
 Xiaodian District
 Fenyang City
 Shanxi Province
China under a lease that expires on December 8




from Mr. Genshan Zhao on an arm&rsquo;s length basis
 approximately
60 square meters of office space at Room 915
 Wufeng International
 No. 11 Zhenxing Street
 High-Tech Zone
 Taiyuan City
 Shanxi
Province
 China under a lease that expires on September 30




from Mr. Jianhong Zhang on an arm&rsquo;s length basis
approximately 50 square meters of office space at Room 903
 9th Floor
 Wufeng International Building
 High-tech Development Zone
Taiyuan City
 Shanxi Province
 China under a lease that expires on September 20
 2018 and can be renewed subject to mutual agreements




from Fenyang City Jiudu Xinhua Liquor Trading Center Co.
Ltd. on an arm&rsquo;s length basis
 approximately 1200 square meters of warehouse space at South District if Shudao Avenue
 High-Speed
Exit
 Xinghua Village
 Fenyang City
 Shanxi Province
 China under a lease that expires on January 11
 2019 and can be renewed




are adequate and suitable for our operations.




 we may become involved
in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties
and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. To the knowledge of management
no federal
 state or local governmental agency is presently contemplating any proceeding against the Company. No director
 executive
officer or affiliate of the Company or owner of record or beneficially of more than five percent of the Company&rsquo;s common
stock is a party adverse to the Company or has a material interest adverse to the Company in any proceeding.






    
    




ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S
COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES (U.S. Dollars)




common stock. Our common stock trades on the OTC Pink marketplace under the symbol &ldquo;ORNC&rdquo;. The OTC Pink marketplace
is a quotation service that displays real-time quotes
 last-sale prices
 and volume information in over-the-counter (&ldquo;OTC&rdquo;)
equity securities. An OTC Pink equity security generally is any equity that is not listed or traded on a national securities exchange.


on the floor of an organized national or regional stock exchange. Instead
 OTC Pink securities transactions are conducted through
a telephone and computer network connecting dealers in stocks. OTC Pink issuers are traditionally smaller companies that
do not meet the financial and other listing requirements of a regional or national stock exchange.




 for the periods
indicated
 the high and low bid prices per share of our common stock as reported by the OTC Pink quotation service. These bid prices
represent prices quoted by broker-dealers on the OTC Pink quotation service. The quotations reflect inter-dealer prices
 without
retail mark-up
 mark-down or commissions
 and may not represent actual transactions.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



for shares of common stock of the Company. Although the Company&rsquo;s shares are quoted on the OTC Pink marketplace
 the Company
is aware of only a few transactions that have taken place in the previous ten years. In any event
 no assurance can be given that
any market for the Company&rsquo;s common stock will develop or be maintained.





 2018 there were approximately
50 stockholders of record of our common stock.&nbsp;





with respect to its common stock and does not intend to declare dividends in the foreseeable future. There are no material restrictions
limiting
 or that are likely to limit
 the Company&rsquo;s ability to pay dividends on its common stock.



    
    


Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation
plans







Purchase of Equity Securities By
the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers.







ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Chinese Renminbi)



    


    

    
    
    
    
    

    
101
759
660
91
144
666
10
614
994
    

    
27
800
667
24
065
113
3
735
554
    

    
73
958
993
67
079
553
6
879
440
    

    
5
477
457
2
521
950
2
955
507
    

    
7
109
937
5
505
952
1
603
985
    

    
61
371
599
59
051
651
2
319
948
    

    
155
700
227
552
71
852
    

    
1
759
325
3
431
027
1
671
702
    

    
59
767
974
55
848
176
3
919
798
    

    
15
095
681
14
121
343
974
338
    

    
44
672
293
41
726
833
2
945
460
    






    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
86
358
407
    
81
973
982
    
4
384
425
    

    
15
401
253
    
9
170
684
    
6
230
369
    

    
101
759
660
    
91
144
666
    
10
614
994
    



 2018 and 2017
revenue generated from our Fenjiu liquor wholesale business was RMB86
358
407 and RMB81
973
982
 respectively
 which represented
an increase of RMB4
384
425 or 5.3%. The increase in revenue generated from our Fenjiu liquor wholesale business was mainly due
to the increased sales volume of our Fenjiu liquor products.


 2018 and 2017
revenue generated from our imported wine wholesale business was RMB15
401
253 and RMB9
170
684
 respectively
 which represented
an increase of RMB6
230
369 or 67.9%. The increase in revenue generated from our imported wine wholesale business was mainly due
to the increased sales volume of our imported wine products.



    
    






    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
23
250
121
    
21
645
410
    
1
604
711
    

    
4
550
546
    
2
419
703
    
2
130
843
    

    
27
800
667
    
24
065
113
    
3
735
554
    



 2018 and
2017
 the cost of sales from our Fenjiu liquor wholesale business was RMB23
250
121 and RMB21
645
410
 respectively
 which
represented an increase of RMB1
604
711 or 7.4%. The increase of cost of sales from our Fenjiu liquor wholesale business was
mainly due to the increased sales volume of our Fenjiu liquor products.


 2018 and
2017
 the cost of sales from our imported wine wholesale business was RMB4
550
546 and RMB2
419
703
 respectively
 which
represented an increase of RMB2
130
843 or 88.1%. The increase of cost of sales from our imported wine wholesale business was
mainly due to the increased sales volume of our imported wine products.





    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
63
108
286
    
60
328
572
    
2
779
714
    

    
10
850
707
    
6
750
981
    
4
099
726
    

    
73
958
993
    
67
079
553
    
6
879
440
    



business increased by RMB2
779
714 or 4.6% for the year ended June 30
 2018
 as compared to the same period of 2017. The Company
adopted its strategy to sell products with fairly stable profit margins that gross profit contribution percentage was 73.1% for
the year ended June 30
 2018
 as compared to 73.6% for the same period of 2017.


business increased by RMB4
099
726 or 60.7% for the year ended June 30
 2018
 as compared to the same period of 2017. The gross
profit contribution percentage was 70.5% for the year ended June 30
 2018
 as compared to 73.6% for the same period of 2017. The
decrease in gross profit contribution percentage represented different product mix.




 2018
 our selling
and distribution expenses were RMB5
477
457
 representing an increase of RMB2
955
507
 or 117.2%
 as compared to the same period
of 2017. The increase was primarily due to increased advertising expenses
 packaging expenses and salaries during the year ended
June 30
 2018
 as compared to the same period of 2017.




 2018
 our administrative
expenses were RMB7
109
937
 representing an increase of RMB1
603
985 or 29.1%
 as compared to the same period of 2017. The increase
was primarily due to professional fees for share exchange of Reliant Galaxy International Limited.




 2018
 our other
income was RMB155
700
 representing a decrease of RMB71
852 or 31.6%
 as compared to the same period of 2017. The decrease was
primarily due to the decreased interest income.



    
    





 2018
 our
interest and other financial charges were RMB 1
759
325 as compared to interest and other financial charges of RMB3
420
272 in
the same period of 2017. The decrease in interest and other financial charges was primarily due to repayment of bank borrowings.





 2018 and 2017
the Company&rsquo;s income taxes increased by RMB974
338 or 6.9% to RMB15
095
681 for the year ended June 30
 2018 from RMB14
121
343
for the year ended June 30
 2017. The increase in the Company&rsquo;s income taxes was primarily due to increased taxable income
of the Company for the year indicated.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK &nbsp;&nbsp;



ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA


in this Annual Report on Form 10-K beginning on page F-1
 which are incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE





Evaluation of disclosure controls
and procedures


controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities
and Exchange Commission&rsquo;s rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including
our chief executive officer (also our principal executive officer) and our chief financial officer (also our principal financial
and accounting officer) to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure.


of 1934 (&ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)
 the Company&rsquo;s management
 including the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer (&ldquo;CEO&rdquo;)
(the Company&rsquo;s principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (&ldquo;CFO&rdquo;) (the Company&rsquo;s principal
financial and accounting officer)
 has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined under Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation
the Company&rsquo;s CEO and CFO concluded that the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of
June 30
 2018 to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that the Company files or submits
under the Exchange Act
 is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
 within the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules
and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company&rsquo;s management
 including the Company&rsquo;s
CEO and CFO
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The principal basis for this conclusion is
the lack of segregation of duties within our financial function and the lack of an operating Audit Committee.

Management&rsquo;s Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting


and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule
13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by
 or under the supervision
of
 the company&rsquo;s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the company&rsquo;s board of directors
management and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America and includes those policies and procedures that:


Apply to the maintenance of records that in reasonable




Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations




Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of the company&rsquo;s assets that could have a material effect on the





    
    



 internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems
 no matter how well designed
 have inherent limitations.
Therefore
 even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement
preparation and presentation. Because of the inherent limitations of internal control
 there is a risk that material misstatements
may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However
 these inherent limitations
are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore
 it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce
though not eliminate
 this risk.


 under the supervision and with
the participation of our management
 including our CEO and CFO
 of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our internal
controls over financial reporting
 as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as of June
30
 2018. Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on that assessment and on those criteria
 our CEO and CFO concluded that our internal
control over financial reporting was not effective as of June 30
 2018. The principal basis for this conclusion is failure to engage
sufficient resources in regards to our accounting and reporting obligations.&nbsp;&nbsp;




to correct the control deficiencies and to ensure that we take proper steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting
in the area of financial statement preparation and disclosure.



will improve the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
 including the following:


Required all of the accounting personnel in the accounting department to take a minimum of 24
                                                                                       CPE credits annually with a focus on US GAAP and financial reporting standards. We also required the Chief Financial Officer




Implemented an internal review process over financial reporting






    
    
Implemented an ongoing initiative and training in the Company to ensure the importance of internal controls and compliance with the established policies and procedures are fully understood throughout the organization
 and we plan to provide continuous U.S. GAAP knowledge training to relevant employees involved to ensure the performance of and the compliance with those procedures and policies.



plans
 we have appointed a full-time CFO on April 16
 2018
 who has expertise in U.S. GAAP financial reporting and accounting.



our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management&rsquo;s report was not subject
to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only the
management&rsquo;s report in this annual report.




over financial reporting related to this new adoption to ensure all related accounting policy and disclosures reflect this change.



plans
 there have not been any other changes in the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is
defined in Rules 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the current quarter ended June 30
 2018
 to have materially affected
the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




    
    


Attestation Report of Registered
Public Accounting Firm


include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm
 regarding internal controls over financial
reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting was not subject to such attestation as we are a smaller reporting company.




Company with the SEC on January 5
 2018
 the Company&rsquo;s president
 secretary
 treasurer and director
 Claudio Gianascio
 resigned
and on the same date the Company appointed Peng Yang to serve as president
 secretary
 treasurer and director.


Company with the SEC on July 6
 2018
 the Company appointed Ronald Zhang to serve as the Chief Financial Officer on April 16
 2018.


 there was no change in our internal
controls over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report
 which has materially affected or is
reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal controls over financial reporting






    
    




ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE




 age and titles of our executive
officer and director is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
OR APPOINTED

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
Director
 President
 Secretary
 and Treasurer
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
Director
 President and Secretary
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



Mr. Gianascio resigned from his positions as Director
President
 Secretary
 and Treasurer on January 5
 2018 as a result of a share purchase transaction entered into on December 26



Mr. Peng Yang took office on January 5



Mr. Ronald Zhang took office on September 16




 age 59
 is a Swiss citizen
and private investor. From 1999 until March 2011
 he was President
 Secretary
 Treasurer and Director of Oranco. Mr. Gianascio
holds a Masters Degree in Economics which he received from the University of Geneva
 Switzerland and was a Fiduciario Finanziario
within the state of Ticino
 Switzerland.


 age 26
 has international business and management
experience from his positions working with Huaxin
 a company engaged in wine trading and Reliant Investment (Group) Limited
an investment company. He has served as the general manager assistant and overseas affairs manager of Huaxin since 2015
and as limited director of Reliant Investment (Group) Limited since 2016. Mr. Yang is a leading member of our sophisticated and
long-serving management team who has experience in alcohol marketing and has led us through multiple business breakthroughs. Mr.
Yang holds a bachelors of engineering degree
 with honors
 from the University of Auckland in New Zealand in 2016.


 age 46
 has substantial experience in corporate finance
financial planning
 financial risks and financial reporting. He has served as the executive director of Guangzhou Double 3D Technology
Limited since June 2017. From January 2010 to April 2017
 Mr. Zhang served as the executive director of Moon Treasure Limited.
Mr. Zhang received his GAAP Certificate from the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants in June
 2018. He received
his Bachelor of Arts in Accounting from Edinburgh Napier University in 1999 and his Master of Laws from the University of Wolverhampton
in 2014.




requirements of any national securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system which has requirements that a majority of the
board of directors be &ldquo;independent&rdquo; and
 as a result
 we are not at this time required to have our Board of Directors
comprised of a majority of &ldquo;independent directors.&rdquo; None of our directors are independent directors under the applicable
standards.




officers.



    
    





has been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
being subject to any order
 judgment
 or decree
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
 permanently or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting his or her involvement in any type of business
 securities or banking activities; or

    
    
    

    
    
being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action)
 the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law
 and the judgment has not been reversed
 suspended
 or vacated.





any committees of the Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors may designate from among its members an executive committee and
one or more other committees in the future. We do not have a nominating committee or a nominating committee charter. Further
 we
do not have a policy with regard to the consideration of any director candidates recommended by security holders. To date
 other
than as described above
 no security holders have made any such recommendations. The entire Board of Directors performs all functions
that would otherwise be performed by committees. Given the present size of our board
 it is not practical for us to have committees.
If we are able to grow our business and increase our operations
 we intend to expand the size of our board and allocate responsibilities
accordingly.




this time. The entire Board of Directors oversees our audits and auditing procedures. Neither of our directors is an &ldquo;audit
committee financial expert&rdquo; within the meaning of Item 407(d)(5) of SEC Regulation S-K.




at this time. The entire Board of Directors oversees the functions which would be performed by a compensation committee.




that applies to the Company&rsquo;s principal executive officer
 principal financial officer
 principal accounting officer or controller
which was attached as Exhibit 99.1 to the March 29
 2004 10KSB for the period ended 12/31/2003.




has received any remuneration or compensation from the Company in the past three years
 nor has any member of the Company&rsquo;s
management been granted any option or stock appreciation right. Accordingly
 no tables relating to such items have been included
within this Item. None of our employees is subject to a written employment agreement nor has any officer received a cash salary
since our founding. The Company has no agreement or understanding
 express or implied
 with any director
 officer or principal
stockholder
 or their affiliates or associates
 regarding compensation in the form of salary
 bonuses
 stocks
 options
 warrants
or any other form of remuneration
 for services performed on behalf of the Company. Nor are there compensatory plans or arrangements
including payments to any officer in relation to resignation
 retirement
 or other termination of employment
 or any change in
control of the Company
 or a change in the officer&rsquo;s responsibilities following a change in control of the Company.



    
    


ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS


with respect to the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of September 18
 2018
 by (i) each stockholder known by us to be
the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our Common Stock (our only class of voting securities)
 (ii) each of our directors and
executive officers
 and (iii) all of our directors and executive officers as a group. To the best of our knowledge
 except as otherwise
indicated
 each of the persons named in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of our Common
Stock beneficially owned by such person
 except to the extent such power may be shared with a spouse. To our knowledge
 none of
the shares listed below are held under a voting trust or similar agreement
 except as noted. To our knowledge
 there is no arrangement
including any pledge by any person of securities of the Company or any of its parents
 the operation of which may at a subsequent
date result in a change in control of the Company.



Name
and address of beneficial owner
    
    

 One Liberty Plaza
 Suite 2310 PMB# 21
 New York
 NY 10006
74
681
530 shares
    

    
    
    


 Suite 2310 PMB# 21
 New York
 NY 10006
    
    

    
    
    

    
74
681
530
    



Percentage is calculated
upon the 98
191
480 shares issued and outstanding as of September 28
 2018



Includes 53
121
530 shares
of common stock held of record by Million Success Business Limited
 an entity controlled by Peng Yang.


ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
 RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND
DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE



 2018
 the Company had an amount
of RMB 13
140
349 due from Mr. Peng Yang
 our director
 and an amount of RMB 109
371
717 due to Mr. Peng Yang. During the year
ending June 30
 2017
 the Company had an amount of RMB 11
814
199 due from Mr. Peng Yang and an amount of RMB 13
395
233 due to
Mr. Peng Yang. The Company&rsquo;s loan due to Mr. Peng Yang does not bear interest and are due on demand. These amounts due to
and due from Mr Peng Yang are eligible to net off against each other.



 2018
 the Company recognized
an amount of RMB 14
359
832 as revenue generated from trade transactions with Fuqing Jing Hong Trading Co.
 Ltd
 the director of
which is a family member of Mr. Yang
 a former director of the Company
 who resigned on June 28
 2018. During the year ending June
30
 2017
 the Company recognized an amount of RMB 25
110
022 as revenue generated from trade transactions with Fuqing Jing Hong
Trading Co.
 Ltd. Management is of the opinion that these related party transactions were conducted in the normal course of business
of the Company with standard sales terms and conditions.


 2017
 the Company
was owed an amount of RMB 15
000
875 as trade receivables from Fuqing Jing Hong Trading Co. The Company does not have any trade
receivable that can be recognized as related transactions as of June 30
 2018. Management is of the opinion that these related
party transactions were conducted in the normal course of business of the Group with standard sales terms and conditions.



for dealing with related party matters.



    
    


ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND
SERVICES&nbsp;(Chinese Renminbi)


table shows the fees that were billed for the audit and other services for 2018 and 2017.



    
    
    

    
832
069
398
058

    
1
185
350
    

    
    
1
022

    
    
    

    
2
017
419
399
080


 &mdash;
This category includes the audit of our annual financial statements
 review of financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection with engagements
for those fiscal years. This category also includes advice on audit and accounting matters that arose during
 or as a result of
the audit or the review of interim financial statements.


&mdash; This category consists of assurance and related services by the independent registered public accounting firm that is
reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and is not reported above under &ldquo;Audit
Fees.&rdquo; The services for the fees disclosed under this category include consultation regarding our correspondence with the
Securities and Exchange Commission and other accounting consulting.

 &mdash;
This category consists of professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm for tax compliance
and tax advice. The services for the fees disclosed under this category include tax return preparation and technical tax advice.

 &mdash; This category
consists of fees for other miscellaneous items.


for pre-approval of all fees charged by our independent registered public accounting firm. &nbsp;Under the procedure
 the Board
approves the engagement letter with respect to audit and review services. &nbsp;Other fees are subject to pre-approval by
the Board
 or
 in the period between meetings
 by a designated member of Board. &nbsp;Any such approval by the designated member
is disclosed to the entire Board at the next meeting. &nbsp;The audit fees that were paid to the auditors with respect to 2018
were pre-approved by the entire Board of Directors.


    
    




ITEM 15. EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES








    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    








 since the
required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule
 or because
the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K.







    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Initial
    Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K exhibit 3.1 filed with the SEC on November 18
 1999)

    
    
Articles
    of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K exhibit 3.2 filed with the SEC on
    November 18
 1999)

    
    
By-Laws
    (incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K&nbsp;&nbsp;exhibit 3.2 filed with the SEC on November 18
 1999)

    
    
Share
    Purchase Agreement
 Dated December 26
 2017 between Million Success Business Limited and Claudio Gianascio (incorporated by
    reference to our SC 13D exhibit 99.1 filed with the SEC on January 8
 2018)

    
    
Share
    Exchange Agreement
 dated as of June 29
 2018
 by and among ORNC.
 Reliant and the shareholders of Reliant (incorporated by
    reference to our Form 8-K exhibit 2.1 filed with the SEC on July 6
 2018)

    
    
Partnership Agreement
 dated as of June 30
 2017
 by and between the Registrant and Shanxi Xinghuacun Liquor Group Spirit Development Zone Sales Co.
 Ltd. (incorporated by reference to our Form 8-K exhibit 10.1 filed with the SEC on September 14
 2018)

    
    
Supplier Contract
 dated as of November 17
 2016
 by and between the Registrant and Shanxi Yuanquan Drinking Co.
 Ltd. (incorporated by reference to our Form 8-K exhibit 10.2 filed with the SEC on September 14
 2018)

    
    
Supplier Contract
 dated as of January 10
 2016
 by and between the Registrant and Shanxi Yuanquan Drinking Co.
 Ltd. (incorporated by reference to our Form 8-K exhibit 10.3 filed with the SEC on September 14
 2018)

    
    
Supplier Contract
 dated as of September 5
 2016
 by and between the Registrant and Shanxi Xinjin Merchants Wine Group Co.
 Ltd. (incorporated by reference to our Form 8-K exhibit 10.4 filed with the SEC on September 14
 2018)

    
    
Supplier Agreement
 dated as of November 20
 2017
 by and between the Registrant and Fuzhou Tongshunda Trading Co.
 Ltd. (incorporated by reference to our Form 8-K exhibit 10.5 filed with the SEC on September 14
 2018)

    
    
Supplier Agreement
 dated as of November 1
 2016
 by and between the Registrant and Fuyang City Xinghua Haokoufu Wine Industry Flagship Store (incorporated by reference to our Form 8-K exhibit 10.6 filed with the SEC on September 14
 2018)

    
    
Business Agreement
 dated as of July 2
 2016
 by and between the Registrant and Beijing Huaxin Rongfa Trade Co.
 Ltd.

    
    
Business Agreement
 dated as of July 2
 2018
 by and between the Registrant and Beijing Huaxin Rongfa Trade Co.
 Ltd.

    
    
Business Agreement
 dated as of November 7
 2016
 by and between the Registrant and Beijing Huaxin Rongfa Trade Co.
 Ltd.

    
    
Business Agreement
 dated as of November 7
 2017
 by and between the Registrant and Beijing Huaxin Rongfa Trade Co.
 Ltd.

    
    
Business Agreement
 dated as of November 7
 2017
 by and between the Registrant and Fuqing Jing Hong Trading Co.
 Ltd.

    
    
Business Agreement
 dated as of November 18
 2016
 by and between the Registrant and Fuqing Jing Hong Trading Co.
 Ltd.

    
    
Business Agreement
 dated as of November 18
 2017
 by and between the Registrant and Fuqing Jing Hong Trading Co.
 Ltd.




    
    




    
    
    

    
    
Business
    Agreement
 dated as of September 3
 2017
 by and between the Registrant and Fuzhou Jiuyitang Trade Co. Ltd.

    
    
Business
    Agreement
 dated as of October 3
 2016
 by and between the Registrant and New Venus Trade(Fujian) Group Co.
 Ltd.

    
    
Business
    Agreement
 dated as of October 3
 2017
 by and between the Registrant and New Venus Trade(Fujian) Group Co.
 Ltd.

    
    
Business
    Agreement
 dated as of October 19
 2017
 by and between the Registrant and New Venus Trade(Fujian) Group Co.
 Ltd.

    
    
Business
    Agreement
 dated as of May 7
 2018
 by and between the Registrant and Shanghai Baiwang Trading Co. Ltd.

    
    
Business
    Agreement
 dated as of May 19
 2018
 by and between the Registrant and Shanghai Baiwang Trading Co. Ltd.

    
    
Business
    Agreement
 dated as of August 2
 2017
 by and between the Registrant and Shanxi Moneng Trading Co. Ltd.

    
    
Business
    Agreement
 dated as of November 21
 2017
 by and between the Registrant and Shanxi Moneng Trading Co. Ltd.

    
    
Certification of Principal Executive Officer
 pursuant to SEC Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a)
 adopted pursuant Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002

    
    
Certification of Principal Financial Officer
 pursuant to SEC Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a)
 adopted pursuant Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002

    
    
Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

    
    
XBRL
    Instance Document **

    
    
    

    
    
Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document
    **

    
    
Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document
    **

    
    
Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document XBRL
    **

    
    
Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document
    **


















    
    





13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



Date: September 28
 2018
ORANCO
 INC.

    
    
    

    
    
/s/
    Peng Yang

    
    
    

    
    
President
 Secretary
    and Director



    
    

















ORANCO
INC.

CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

YEAR
ENDED JUNE 30
 2018

















    
    


ORANCO
INC.

TABLE
OF CONTENTS



    
    

Report
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
F-2
    

    
    

Financial
    Statements:
    

    
    

Consolidated
    Statements of Balance Sheets
    

    
    

Consolidated
    Statements of Operations
    

    
    

Consolidated
    Statements of Shareholders&rsquo;
    Equity
    

    
    

Consolidated
    Statements of Cash Flows
    

    
    

    
F-7
    - F-24



    
    


REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Oranco
 Inc.

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Oranco
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of June 30
 2018 and 2017
and the related consolidated statements of operations
 shareholders&rsquo; equity and cash flows for each of the two years in
the period ended June 30
 2018 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the &ldquo;consolidated financial statements&rdquo;).
In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the
Company as of June 30
 2018 and 2017
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the periods
ended June 30
 2018
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis
for Opinion

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered
with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to
the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error
or fraud. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audits
 we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 but
not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to
error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated
financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


/s/
                            PKF Littlejohn LLP


We
have served as the Company&rsquo;s auditor since March 7
 2018.

PKF
Littlejohn LLP
London
UK
September
28
 2018


    
    


ORANCO
INC.
CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS&nbsp;
Chinese
Renminbi



    
June 30

June 30


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
26
504
962
6
607
407

    
7
346
549
8
597
710

    
33
933
857
47
517
200


 prepayments and other receivables
33
249
590
19
590
026

    
109
680
109
680

    
101
144
638
82
422
023

    
    
    

    
    
    


 plant and equipment
3
296
146
3
120
166

    
4
909
420
5
019
100

    
8
205
566
8
139
266

    
109
350
204
90
561
289

    
    
    

LIABILITIES
AND SHAREHOLDERS&rsquo; EQUITY
    
    

    
    
    

    
44
636
118
115


 accruals and other payables
5
140
025
4
098
669

    
96
231
368
1
581
034

    
2
928
207
2
627
279

    
    
27
000
000

    
104
344
236
35
425
097

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
100
000
000
100
000
000

    
98
191
480
4
269
950

    
321
296
000
    

    
    
    

    
638
708
27
775

    
2
126
520
    

    
    
(27
774

    
2
240
740
52
253
435

    
5
005
968
52
253
436

    
    
2
882
756

    
5
005
968
55
136
192

    
109
350
204
90
561
289


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.&nbsp;


    
    


ORANCO
INC.
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS&nbsp;
Chinese
Renminbi



    
    
 June 30

    
 June 30


    
101
759
660
91
144
666

    
101
759
660
91
144
666

    
    
    

    
27
800
667
24
065
113

    
5
477
457
2
521
950

    
7
109
937
5
516
707

    
40
388
061
32
103
770

    
    
    

    
155
700
227
552

    
1
759
325
3
420
272

    
59
767
974
55
848
176

    
    
    

    
15
095
681
14
121
343

    
44
672
293
41
726
833

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
43
313
447
34
091
734

    
1
358
846
7
635
099

    
44
672
293
41
726
833

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.&nbsp;



    
    



ORANCO
 INC.
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS&rsquo; EQUITY
Chinese
Renminbi



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
shareholders&rsquo; Equity


 2016
27
775
    
(27
774
6
009
858
6
009
859
9
449
500
15
459
359

    
    
    
    
34
091
734
34
091
734
7
635
099
41
726
833

    
    
    
    
12
151
843
12
151
843
(14
201
843
(2
050
000


 2017
27
775
    
(27
774
52
253
435
52
253
436
2
882
756
55
136
192

    
    
    
    
43
313
447
43
313
447
1
358
846
44
672
293

    
    
    
    
3
841
602
3
841
602
(4
241
602
(400
000

    
246
671
    
    
    
246
671
    
246
671

    
97
570
    
176
986
    
274
556
    
274
556

    
84
561
    
591
925
    
676
486
    
676
486

    
182
131
    
    
(182
131
    
    
    

    
    
2
126
520
    
(2
126
520
    
    
    

    
    
    
(741
137
(94
859
093
(95
600
230
    
(95
600
230


 2018
638
708
2
126
520
    
2
240
740
5
005
968
    
5
005
968


Note
a: 


dated June 29
 2018
 321
296
000 shares of Oranco
 Inc. shall be issued to the sellers of Reliant Galaxy International Limited
at the completion of the increase of the Company&rsquo;s authorized common stock. The increase of the Company&rsquo;s authorized
common stock to 500
000
000 is yet to be completed. More details are discussed in note 21.


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.


    
    


ORANCO
INC.
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
Chinese
Renminbi




    
    
    

    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
44
672
293
41
726
833

    
    
    

    
335
005
342
042

    
    
    

    
1
251
161
(3
371
289

    
13
583
343
(26
672
612


 prepayments and other receivables
(13
659
564
6
138
826

    
(73
479
(2
185
541


 accruals and other payables
305
431
(3
988
885

    
300
928
2
093
158

    
577
029
4
828
077

    
47
292
147
18
910
609

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(400
000
(2
050
000

    
406
713
    


 plant and equipment
(401
305
(30
893

    
(394
592
(2
080
893

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(27
000
000
(10
650
000

    
(27
000
000
(10
650
000

    
    
    

    
19
897
555
6
179
716


 beginning of the year
6
607
407
427
691


 end of the year
26
504
962
6
607
407

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(1
759
325
(3
420
272

    
(14
509
505
(12
028
185


The
non-cash transactions have been disclosed in note 22.

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.


    
    


ORANCO
INC.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Chinese
Renminbi



    
SUMMARY OF BUSINESS
    AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES




    
    
    


The
Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on June 16
 1977. The Company has been in the business of the development
of mineral deposits. During 1983 all activities were abandoned
 and the Company had remained inactive until June 29
 2018 when
it acquired the business of Reliant Galaxy International Limited (&ldquo;Reliant&rdquo;). The Company and its subsidiaries (the
&ldquo;Group&rdquo;) are principally engaged in the trading of spirits in the People&rsquo;s Republic of China (the &ldquo;PRC&rdquo;).

Details
of the subsidiaries are set out in note 20 to the consolidated financial statements.




    
    
    




include the Financial Statements of Oranco
 Inc. and the Financial Statements of its wholly-owned subsidiaries.


which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to or has rights to variable returns from its
involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee. Subsidiaries are
fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are de-consolidated from the date that control
ceases.


have been prepared in accordance with the U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. The Company operates in one reportable
segment and solely within the PRC. Accordingly
 no segment or geographic information has been presented.


balance sheet and the share of the net income attributable to non-controlling interests is shown as a component of net income
in the consolidated statements of operations.


    
    


ORANCO
INC.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
Chinese
Renminbi


SUMMARY
OF BUSINESS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES &ndash; CONTINUED



Basis
of consolidation and presentation &ndash; continued


Business
Combinations



that meet the criteria for business combinations is accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting. The consideration
transferred for the acquisition is the fair values of the assets transferred
 the liabilities incurred to the former owners of
the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group.


the fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement. Identifiable assets acquired and
liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition
date. The Group recognizes any non-controlling interest in the acquiree at the non-controlling interest&rsquo;s proportionate share
of the recognized amounts of the acquiree&rsquo;s identifiable net assets. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.


be transferred by the Group are recognized at fair value at the acquisition date. Subsequent changes to the fair value of the
contingent consideration that is deemed to be an asset or liability is recognized
 either in the Statement of Operations or as
a change to other comprehensive income. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured
 and its subsequent
settlement is accounted for within equity. Goodwill is initially measured as the excess of the aggregate of the consideration
transferred and the fair value of non-controlling interest over the identifiable net assets acquired and liabilities assumed.



    
    
    


Financial
instruments of the Group primarily consist of cash and cash equivalents
 trade receivables
 deposits
 prepayments and other receivables
prepaid land lease
 trade payables
 receipts in advance
 accruals and other payables
 and bank borrowings. The carrying values
of the Group&rsquo;s financial instruments approximate their fair values
 principally because of the short-term maturity of these instruments
or their terms.

The
Group has no derivative financial instruments.



    
    
    


Cash
and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and highly liquid investments which are unrestricted as to withdrawal or use
 and
which have maturities of three months or less when purchased.


    
    


ORANCO
INC.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
Chinese
Renminbi




    
    




    
    
    


The
Group&rsquo;s revenues are derived from sales of products recorded net of value added tax (&ldquo;VAT&rdquo;). Revenue is recognized
when all of the following conditions are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 delivery of the products has occurred
or services have been rendered
 the price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. These criteria are
related to each of the following major revenue generating activities described below.


Revenue
                                         from the sale of goods is recognized when the significant risks and rewards of ownership
                                         have been transferred to the buyer
 provided that the Group maintains neither managerial
                                         involvement to the degree usually associated with ownership nor effective control over
                                         the goods sold. This is usually taken as the time when the goods are delivered and the
                                         customers have accepted the goods.



Interest
                                         income is recognized on an accrual basis using the effective interest method.



    
    
Trade receivables
    and allowance for doubtful accounts



are stated at the amount the Group expects to collect. The Group maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses.
Management considers the following factors when determining the collectability of specific accounts: historical experience
 creditworthiness
of the clients
 aging of the receivables and other specific circumstances related to the accounts. Allowance for doubtful accounts
is made and recorded into general and administrative expenses based on the aging of trade receivables and on any specifically
identified receivables that may become uncollectible. Trade receivables which are deemed to be uncollectible are charged off against
the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. The Company
takes a write off of the account balances when the Company can demonstrate all means of collection on the outstanding balances
have been exhausted. There is no allowance for doubtful accounts in these consolidated financial statements.




    
    
    


Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined using the weighted average method. The components
of inventories include raw materials
 processing cost of finished goods and purchase cost of products. The Group routinely evaluate
the net realizable value of the inventories in light of current market conditions and market trends and record a write-down against
the cost of inventories should the net realizable value falls below the cost.


    
    


ORANCO
INC.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
Chinese
Renminbi)



    
SUMMARY OF BUSINESS
    AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES &ndash; CONTINUED




    
    
Property
 plant
    and equipment and depreciation


Property
plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and any recorded impairment. Depreciation is calculated
on a straight-line basis over the following estimated useful lives:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



are expensed as incurred and asset improvements are capitalized. Consideration is given at each balance sheet date to determine
whether there is any indication of impairment of the carrying amounts of the property
 plant and equipment. The indication could
be an unfavorable development of a business or severe economic slowdown as well as reorganization of the operation. In assessing
value in use
 the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value
 based on the time value of money and the
risks specific to the country where the assets are located.




    
    
    


VAT
on sales is charged at 17% on revenue from product sales and is subsequently paid to the PRC tax authorities after netting input
VAT on purchases. The excess of output VAT over input VAT is recognized in other payables
 and the excess of input VAT over output
VAT is recognized in other receivables in the consolidated balance sheets.



    
    
    


Leases
where substantially all the rewards and risks of ownership of assets remain with the lessor are accounted for as operating leases.
Payments made under operating leases are charged to the consolidated statements of operations on a straight-line basis over the
lease periods.



    
    
Foreign currency
    translation


Substantially
all of the Group&rsquo;s operations are conducted in China and as a result
 the functional and reporting currency of the Group
is the Chinese Renminbi.

Monetary
assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the applicable functional currencies are translated into the functional
currencies at the prevailing rates of exchange at the balance sheet date. Transactions in currencies other than the functional
currency are converted into the functional currency at the applicable rates of exchange prevailing at the transaction dates. Transaction
gains and losses are recognized in the consolidated statements of operations.


    
    


ORANCO
INC.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
Chinese
Renminbi)



    
SUMMARY OF BUSINESS
    AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES &ndash; CONTINUED




    
    
Foreign currency
    translation - continued



financial statements of the Company&rsquo;s subsidiaries outside the PRC into the reporting currency
 assets and liabilities are
translated from the subsidiaries&rsquo; functional currencies to the reporting currency at the exchange rate at the balance sheet
date. Equity amounts are translated at historical exchange rates; revenues
 expenses
 and other gains and losses are translated
using the average rate for the period. Translation adjustments are reported as cumulative translation adjustments and are shown
as a separate component of other comprehensive income/(loss) in the consolidated statements of operations. During 2018 and 2017
such translation adjustments were not material.




    
    
    



for in accordance with the laws and regulations applicable to the Group as enacted by the relevant tax authorities. The impact
of an uncertain income tax position on the income tax return is recognized at the largest amount that is more-likely-than-not
to be sustained upon audit of the related tax authority. An uncertain income tax position will not be recognized if it has less
than a 50% likelihood of being sustained. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change
in judgment occurs. The Group records interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits (if any) in interest expenses
and general and administrative expenses
 respectively.


On
December 22
 2017
 the United States enacted TCJA which instituted fundamental changes to the taxation of multinational corporations
including a reduction the U.S. corporate income tax rate to 21% beginning in 2018. The TCJA also requires a one-time transition
tax on the mandatory deemed repatriation of the cumulative earnings of the Company&rsquo;s foreign subsidiary as of December 31
2017. To determine the amount of this transition tax
 the Company must determine the amount of earnings generated since inception
by the relevant foreign subsidiary
 as well as the amount of non-U.S. income taxes paid on such earnings
 in addition to potentially
other factors. The Company acquired the foreign operations on 29 June 2018
 hence the Company does not have any qualifying earnings
or profits from its foreign subsidiary under the transition tax calculation thus no transition tax is payable.



    
    
    


The
Group defines fair value as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the measurement date.

When
determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded at fair value
 the Group
considers the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact and it considers assumptions that market participants
would use when pricing the asset or liability.


    
    


ORANCO
INC.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
Chinese
Renminbi)



    
SUMMARY OF BUSINESS
    AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES &ndash; CONTINUED




    
    
    



financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents
 term deposits
 trade and other receivables
 and trade and other payables.
The Group considers the carrying amounts approximate fair value because of the short maturity of these financial instruments.




    
    
    


In
a business combination achieved in stages
 the Group remeasures its previously held equity interest in the acquire immediately
before obtaining control at its acquisition-date fair value and the re-measurement gain or loss
 if any
 is recognized in earnings.



    
    
Transactions between
    entities under common control


When
accounting for a transfer of assets or exchange of shares between entities under common control of the Group
 the carrying amounts
of the assets and liabilities transferred shall remain unchanged subsequent to the transaction
 and no gain or loss shall be recorded
in the Group&rsquo;s consolidated statements of operations.



    
    
Commitments and
    contingencies


In
the normal course of business
 the Group is subject to loss contingencies
 such as legal proceedings and claims arising out of
its business
 that cover a wide range of matters
 including
 among others
 government investigations
 shareholder lawsuits
 and
non-income tax matters. An accrual for a loss contingency is recognized when it is probable that a liability has been incurred
and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. If a potential material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably
possible
 or is probable but cannot be estimated
 then the nature of the contingent liability
 together with an estimate of the
range of possible loss if determinable and material
 is disclosed.


    
    


ORANCO
INC.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
Chinese
Renminbi)



    
SUMMARY OF BUSINESS
    AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES &ndash; CONTINUED




    
    
Recently issued
    accounting pronouncements not yet adopted


In
January 2017
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-01
 &ldquo;Business Combinations: Clarifying the Definition of a Business&rdquo; (&ldquo;ASU
2017-01&rdquo;). ASU 2017-01 clarifies the definition of a business for determining whether transactions should be accounted for
as acquisitions (or disposals) of assets or businesses. ASU 2017-01 is effective for annual periods and interim periods within
those annual periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 and early adoption is permitted. The Company will adopt this standard
on July 1
 2018 and will apply the standard to any future business combinations.



 FASB issued ASU
No. 2016-15
 Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. The standard provides new authoritative guidance addressing
eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice in how certain transactions are
presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The standard is effective for the Group in the first quarter of the fiscal
year 2019. The Company does not expect the adoption of this standard to have a significant impact on its consolidated financial
statements.


 FASB issued
ASU No. 2016-02
 Leases. The standard increases transparency and comparability among organizations by requiring companies to recognize
leased assets and related liabilities on the balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements. This standard
is effective for the Group in the first quarter of the fiscal year 2020. The Group is evaluating the impact the adoption of this
standard will have on its consolidated financial statements.

In
May 2014
 FASB issued ASU
 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The standard is a comprehensive new revenue recognition
model that requires revenue to be recognized in a manner to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer at an amount
that reflects the consideration expected to be received in exchange for those goods or services. In August 2015
 FASB issued ASU
2015-14
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 to defer the effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one year to annual reporting periods
beginning after December 15
 2017
 but permits entities to adopt the original effective date if they choose. Based on the Group&rsquo;s
preliminary assessment
 it does not expect the adoption of the standard to result in material changes in revenue. Further
 deferred
costs to obtain contracts
 which will be recognized in sales and marketing expense in future periods
 are not expected to be material.

The
adoption of the standard in the consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended June 30
 2019 will have no significant
impact to the provision for income taxes and will have no impact to the net cash used in
 or generated by
 operating
 investing
or financing activities in the Group&rsquo;s consolidated statements of cash flows.

The
Group is finalizing the impact of the standard on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures
 as well as changes to
its systems
 processes
 and internal controls. The Company&rsquo;s preliminary assessments are subject to change.


    
    


ORANCO
INC.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
Chinese
Renminbi)



    
REVENUE AND OTHER
    INCOME


Revenue
represents the invoiced spirits products sold to the external customers less discounts
 returns
 and surcharges.



    
    
June 30
 


 2017

    
    
    
    

    
    
101
759
660
91
144
666

    
    
155
700
227
552

    
    
101
915
360
91
372
218


All
revenue is derived in China.

A
concentration analysis of the revenue is as follows:



    
    
June 30
 


 2017

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


An
analysis of other income is as follows:



    
    
June
30




 2017

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
78
200
13
481

    
    
    
214
046

    
    
77
500
    

    
    
155
700
227
552



    
    


ORANCO
INC.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
Chinese
Renminbi)



    
SELLING AND DISTRIBUTION
    EXPENSES


The
following expenses are included in the selling and distribution expenses:



    
    
June 30
 


 2017

    
    
    
    

    
    
40
623
114
539

    
    
1
090
553
846
298

    
    
1
131
176
960
837




    
PROPERTY
 PLANT
    AND EQUIPMENT
 NET


Property
plant and equipment
 net
 consist of the following:



    
    

 2018


 2017

    
    
    
    

    
    
268
550
221
868

    
    
3
754
625
3
400
000

    
    
4
023
175
3
621
868

    
    
(727
029
(501
702

    

 plant and equipment
 net

3
296
146
3
120
166




    
PREPAID LAND LEASE
    NET


Prepaid
land lease
 net
 consists of the following:



    
    

 2018


 2017

    
    
    
    

    
    
5
412
120
5
412
120

    
    
(393
020
(283
340

    

 net
5
019
000
5
128
780

    
    
    
    


The
carrying amounts of the prepaid land lease are analyzed as:



    
    

 2018


 2017

    
    
    
    

    
    
109
680
109
680

    
    
4
909
420
5
019
100

    
    
5
019
000
5
128
780



    
    


ORANCO
INC.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
Chinese
Renminbi)



    
PREPAID LAND LEASE
    NET - CONTINUED




the cost of the rights of the use of the land in respect of leasehold land in the People&rsquo;s Republic of China
 on which the
Group&rsquo;s buildings are situated.


ending in 2082.



    
    


Inventories
consist of the following:



    
    


 2018


 2017

    
    
    
    

    
    
4
451
541
5
924
514

    
    
2
622
873
2
203
370

    
    
272
135
469
826

    
    
7
346
549
8
597
710




    
    




    
    


 2018


 2017

    
    
    
    

    
    
33
933
857
47
517
200

    
    
33
933
857
47
517
200


The
Group normally allows credit terms to well-established customers ranging from 30 to 150 days. The Group seeks to maintain strict
control over its trade receivables. Overdue trade receivables are reviewed regularly by the Board of Directors.



    
DEPOSITS
 PREPAYMENTS
    AND OTHER RECEIVABLES




    
    


 2018


 2017

    
    
    
    

    
    
23
571
363
17
808
559

    
    
9
000
000
330
000

    
    
678
227
1
451
467

    
    
33
249
590
19
590
026



    
    


ORANCO
INC.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
Chinese
Renminbi)



    
    




    
    


 2018


 2017

    
    
    
    

    
    
394
082
183
119

    
    
26
110
880
6
424
288

    
    
26
504
962
6
607
407


Cash
held in banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates.



    
    




    
    


 2018


 2017

    
    
    
    

    
    
44
636
118
115

    
    
44
636
118
115


For
the larger suppliers
 the Group makes payment in advance for the inventories. For the smaller suppliers
 the Group obtains credit
terms ranging from 30 to 90 days.

A
concentration analysis of the suppliers based on the purchases made during the year is as follows:



    
    
June
30

2018 


 2017

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



    
    


ORANCO
INC.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
Chinese
Renminbi)



    
    
RECEIPTS IN ADVANCE
    ACCRUALS AND OTHER PAYABLES


Receipts
in advance
 accruals and other payables consist of the following:




    
    


 2018


 2017

    
    
    
    

    
    
2
288
475
1
853
366

    
    
272
408
181
334

    
    
734
122
626
167

    
    
623
868
377
257

    
    
1
221
152
1
060
545

    
    
5
140
025
4
098
669



AMOUNT
DUE TO A DIRECTOR




    
    


 2018


 2017

    
    
    
    

    
    
96
231
368
1
581
034

    
    
96
231
368
1
581
034


The
amount due to a director is interest-free
 unsecured and repayable on demand.


051
934
of the amount due to a director relates to Reliant&rsquo;s acquisition of Sure Rich Investment (Group) Limited. The amount is
due to the seller of Sure Rich Investment (Group) Limited
 who is also a director of Reliant and the Company.




    
    




    
    


 2018


 2017

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
27
000
000

    
    
    
27
000
000

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
27
000
000

    
    
    
27
000
000





Loans
                                         from the financial institution are bearing a fixed interest rate ranging from 10% to 10.5%
                                         per annum.


    
    


ORANCO
INC.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
Chinese
Renminbi)



    
    





    
    
    
    
Additional
    paid in capital

    
    
&nbsp;Number
                                         of shares 
    
    
Number
                                         of shares
    
    
    
    
    

    
At
June 30
 2017 and June 30
 2016
4
269
950
4
270
27
775
    
    
    
(4
269
(27
774
    

    
    
37
921
530
37
922
246
671
    
    
    
    
    
246
671

    

    due to a director
15
000
000
15
000
97
570
    
    
    
27
209
176
986
274
556

    
    
13
000
000
13
000
84
561
    
    
    
91
000
591
925
676
486

    
    
28
000
000
28
000
182
131
    
    
    
    
    
182
131

    
    
    
    
    
321
296
000
321
296
2
126
520
    
    
2
126
520

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(113
940
(741
137
(741
137

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

 2018
98
191
480
98
191
638
708
321
296
000
321
296
2
126
520
    
    
2
765
228


Each
share has a nominal value of US$0.001 per share.

The shares to be issued as consideration for business acquisition are the
321
296
000 new shares at $0.001 per share as part of the consideration of the acquisition of Reliant Galaxy International Limited.
The aggregated nominal value of the shares is US$321
296.


    
    


ORANCO
INC.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
Chinese
Renminbi)



    
    




in the USA. The Company has had no taxable income under Federal or State tax laws. The Company has loss carryforwards totaling
$359
065 that may be offset against future federal income taxes. If not used
 the carryforwards will expire 20 years after they
are incurred.


in the BVI is not subject to taxation.

The
Company&rsquo;s Hong Kong subsidiary is subject to taxes in Hong Kong. The Hong Kong subsidiary has had no taxable income.


are subject to taxes in China. The applicable PRC statutory income tax rate is 25% according to the Enterprise Income Tax Law.


tax expenses in China is set out below:



    
    
June
30

2018 
June
30

 2017 

    
    
    
    

    
    
59
767
974
55
848
176

    

    tax rate of 25%
14
941
994
13
962
044

    
    
(42
182
(53
512

    

    that are not deductible
808
014
190
229

    
    
(612
145
22
582

    
    
15
095
681
14
121
343




    
    




regulations
 the subsidiaries in the PRC participate in the state-run defined contribution retirement scheme. All employees are
entitled to an annual pension payment equal to a fixed proportion of the average basic salary of the geographical area of their
last employment at their retirement date. The PRC subsidiaries are required to make contributions to the local social security
bureau at 29.4% to 37.4% of the previous year&rsquo;s average basic salary amount of the geographical area where the employees
are under employment with the PRC subsidiaries. The Group has no obligation for the payment of pension benefits beyond the annual
contributions as set out above.


and regulations of the PRC
 the PRC subsidiaries and their employees are each required to make contributions to an accommodation
fund at 9% of the salaries and wages of the employees which are administered by the Public Accumulation Funds Administration Centre.
There is no further obligation for the Group except for such contributions to the accommodation fund. The Group had no significant
obligation apart from the contributions as stated above.




    
    


ORANCO
INC.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
Chinese
Renminbi)



    
OPERATING LEASE
    ARRANGEMENT


The
Group has total future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating lease payable as follows:&nbsp;



    
    
June
30

2018 
June
30

2017 

    
    
    
    

    
    
134
294
115
211

    
    
18
000
    

    
    
9
000
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
161
294
115
211


The
Group is the lessee of a few office premises and staff residence held under operating leases. The leases typically run for an
initial period of one to five years.



    
RELATED PARTY BALANCES
    AND TRANSACTIONS


The
Group had the following transactions with related parties during the financial periods:



    
    
June
30

2018 
June
30

2017 

    
    
14
359
832
25
110
022

    
    
    
214
046

    
    
    
15
000
875




    
    
July 1

    
    
    


 2017

    
    
(13
395
233
    
    
    
(13
395
233

    
    
16
642
476
(178
277
(4
650
000
    
11
814
199

    
    
3
247
243
(178
277
(4
650
000
    
(1
581
034

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
July 1

    
    
    
June 30

 2018

    
    
(13
395
233
    
    
(95
976
484
(109
371
717

    
    
11
814
199
    
    
1
326
150
13
140
349

    
    
(1
581
034
    
    
(94
650
334
96
231
368



    
    


ORANCO
INC.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
Chinese
Renminbi)



    
RELATED PARTY BALANCES
    AND TRANSACTIONS - CONTINUED


The
Group made sales to Fuqing Jing Hong Trading Co.
 Ltd
 the director of which was a family member of the CEO Mr. Yang Peng. The
family resigned from Fuqing Jing Hong Trading Co.
 Ltd on June 28
 2018
 hence Fuqing Jing Hong ceased to be a related party on
June 28
 2018.



    
    
June
30

2018 
June
30

2017 

    
    
    
    

    
    
14
359
832
25
110
022

    
    
14
359
832
25
110
022


Management
is of the opinion that these related party transactions were conducted in the normal course of business of the Group with standard
sales terms and conditions.



    
    


At
the end of each reporting period
 neither the Group nor the Company had any significant contingent liabilities.



    
    


ORANCO
INC.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
Chinese
Renminbi)



    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Limited
    
British Virgin Islands
on January 3
 2017
    
paid-in capital of
RMB 69
100
    
    
holding

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On February 1
 2007
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    

 Ltd.
    
on July 5
 2004
    
paid-in capital of US$
1
650
000
    
    
holding

    
    
    
    
    
    

    

 Ltd.
on November 7
 2013 
1
000
000 
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    

 Ltd.
on November 7
 2013
5
000
000
    
(i)
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    

 Ltd.
on April 14
 2018
RMB1
000
000
    
(ii)
    







    
On May 7
 2018
 Sure Rich Investment (Group) Limited acquired the remaining 8% of the 92% owned subsidiary Fenyang Jinqiang Spirit Co.
 Ltd
 which then became a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.





    
The
subsidiary was registered with payable share capital and the Company committed to pay up its share of the issued capital in the
amount of RMB 510
000 on March 31
 2038
 which is 20 years from the date of incorporation permitted by the Regulation of the People&rsquo;s
Republic of China on Company Registration. The amount due to the subsidiary is interest-free and unsecured.



    
    


ORANCO
INC.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
Chinese
Renminbi)



    
    


On
June 29
 2018
 Oranco
 Inc. acquired 100% of the issued capital of Reliant in a share for share exchange with the shareholders
of Reliant at that time. Due to the relative size of the companies
 the shareholders of Reliant became the majority shareholders
in the consolidated group.

Pursuant
to the share for share exchange
 Oranco shall issue an aggregated 349
296
000 new shares of common stock
 with par value of $0.001
per share
 of which 28
000
000 were issued at the closing date of June 29
 2018
 and the remaining 321
296
000 shares shall be
issued at the completion of the increase of the Company&rsquo;s authorized shares. The 321
296
000 shares are classified as fully
paid-up shares to be issued as of June 30
 2018.

At
the date of acquisition
 Oranco
 Inc. was a shell company with minimal assets and operations. The transaction has been treated
as a group reconstruction and has been accounted for using the reverse merger accounting method. Accordingly
 the consolidated
financial statements have been treated as being a continuation of the consolidated financial statements of Reliant
 with Oranco
Inc. being treated as the acquired entity for accounting purposed. Accordingly
 the financial information for the current period
and comparatives reflects the consolidated operations of Reliant.



    
NOTE TO THE CONSOLIDATED
    STAETMENT OF CASH FLOWS


Disclosure
of non-cash transactions:


Renminbi
                                         94
051
934 of the amount due to a director relates to Reliant&rsquo;s acquisition of
                                         Sure Rich Investment (Group) Limited being the consideration of Sure Rich Investment
                                         (Group) Limited payable by Reliant. The amount is due to the seller of Sure Rich Investment
                                         (Group) Limited
 who is also a director of Reliant and the Company.


The
                                         Group acquired liabilities of Renminbi 757
296 as part of the reverse merger.



    











 DATED AS OF JULY 2
 2016
 BY AND BETWEEN THE REGISTRANT AND BEIJING HUAXIN RONGFA TRADE CO.
 LTD



     




Business
Agreement

Supplier:
Fenyang Huaxin Wine Industry Development Co. Ltd.(hereinafter referred to as Party A)

Distributor:
Beijing Huaxin Rongfa Trade Co.
 Ltd.. (hereinafter referred to as Party B)

General
provisions

According
to the relevant laws and regulations
 in order to maintain the normal market order and ensure the economic benefits of both parties
after friendly negotiations between the two parties
 in accordance with the principle of mutual benefit
 on the distribution of
Party A series of products
 the following agreement was reached.

Products
prices
 distribution areas

1)
Distribution of products



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
500ml
    
    




    
    


2
distribution area/channel

Party
A authorizes Party B to distribute the entire territory within the whole country(administrative division).

III.
Annual sales assignments

Party
B ensures that the annual marketing target is 200000 yuan.

Distribution
qualifications

L
Party B must have good capital strength;

2
agree with the brand and value of Party A
 with a sincere desire for cooperation;

3
have first-and second-line liquor brand sales
 agency experience and have good sales performance and reputation;

4
has its own management of hotels
 Shangchao
 zero batches
 nightclubs
 group buying and customization and other channels
 and
outstanding channel control capabilities;

5
identify and actively cooperate with the company&rsquo;s effective operating policy
 market strategy and operating mode;

6
has an independent legal personality
 has a fixed business premises and sales team.

Rights
and Obligations of Party A

Party
A guarantees that the products provided conform to the quality and hygiene standards stipulated by the State;

Party
A shall provide a full set of Party A series of liquor sold by Party A legal operating procedures;

Party
A provides quality service to Party B in arranging product delivery and after-sales service.



    
    


Party
A has the obligation to provide correct and scientific guidance to Party B&rsquo;s business operations and inventory management. With
the development of cooperation between the two parties and the development requirements of the market at different stages
 Party
A will give Party B guidance and support in establishing and improving the sales system
 settlement system
 logistics system
etc..

Party
A is obliged to maintain Party B&rsquo;s sales channels and price stability;

6.
In order to ensure Party B&rsquo;s market resources
 Party A does not sell or authorize others to sell products within Party B&rsquo;s authorized
area(except Party A products that are not authorized to be sold by Party B); However
 Party A uses the e-commerce platform and
its associated offline channels to sell its own products in the authorized area;

Party
A shall be obliged to assist Party B in making sales promotion plans and assisting Party B in marketing promotion;

If
Party B needs to exchange the product for market reasons
 he must apply one month in advance. The replacement of the product does
not affect the second sale
 and the total amount of each exchange does not exceed 10
000 yuan. The freight cost shall be borne
by Party B.



    
    


Rights
and obligations of Party B

Rights
of Party B

(1)
enjoy the right to distribute the products in the special area as stipulated in Article 2 of this Contract;

(2)
enjoy the rights stipulated in all the incentive clauses of Party A&rsquo;s marketing plan;

(3)
Party B shall have the right to put forward opinions and suggestions on the internal quality and the quality of the overpack of
the products in the operation of Party A.

Obligations
of Party B

(1)
Party A shall be provided with business licenses and other legal and valid business certificates
 and shall strictly observe the
relevant laws
 regulations and industry norms of the State and conduct law-abiding operations;

(2)
Party B shall sell the series of products planned by Party A in accordance with the areas and guiding prices specified in the
contract
 and shall not sell or sell at low prices across regions; The first warning is issued
 and the dumped product is repurchased
by Party B according to the market price; The second finds that Party A reserves the right to recover losses caused to Party A
by Party B&rsquo;s destruction of the market price
 except for the deduction of Party B&rsquo;s margin.



    
    


(3)
Party B shall sell Party A&rsquo;s planned series of products in accordance with the areas and guiding prices stipulated in the contract.
Sales across regions and low Party B shall be strictly prohibited. Party A shall sell Party A&rsquo;s products at the request of Party
A
 and shall return funds to Party A according to the schedule specified in the contract to ensure safe inventory;

(4)
Strictly observe the relevant provisions of Party A&rsquo;s marketing plan on the maintenance of marketing order and the restraint of
dealer behavior;

(5)
Party B has the obligation to cooperate fully with Party A in the activities of market management
 market promotion and market
development;

(6)
Party B shall actively cooperate with Party A under the guidance of Party A
 provide sufficient storage space for product turnover
in strict accordance with Party A&rsquo;s requirements
 and have the obligation to provide Party A with the original documents for the
flow of goods;

(7)
consciously maintain the image and reputation of Party A and its products
 handle the complaints and related service requests
of the end users of the products in the agency area under the guidance of Party A
 and do a good job of coordinating the supervision
and inspection of the relevant departments;



    
    


(8)
Party B shall provide Party A with relevant sales data and competitive products for Party A to analyze and formulate sales strategies;

(9)
Party B shall not sell products of counterfeit or counterfeit Party A&rsquo;s products. If Party B discovers that the intellectual property
rights attached to Party A&rsquo;s sales commodities have been infringed by third parties
 Party B shall be obliged to notify Party
A;

(10)
Party B shall not purchase Party A&rsquo;s products through other channels and mix them into the products supplied by Party A directly.
Otherwise
 Party A has the right to terminate the cooperation.

(11)
Before Party B prints all kinds of publicity materials for Party A
 it must be submitted to Party A for examination and approval
and it must be issued only with the written permission of Party A;

(12)
Party A shall not enter into an economic contract or engage in other civil acts with a third party in the name of Party A
 nor
shall Party A bear legal liability for any economic or civil dispute between Party B and any third party.

VII.
Adjustment of product prices

In
order to fully protect the interests of the distributor
 Party A has the right to adjust the product price due to special circumstances
such as changes in the market environment
 changes in supply and demand
 and government policies. Party A will strictly observe
the following commitments when adjusting the product price system:

Inform
Party B of the price adjustment information seven working days before the formal adjustment of the product price system.

Party
A shall not be responsible for the price difference compensation for all the products that Party B has purchased after the new
price system has been adjusted.



    
    


VIII.
Delivery and settlement methods

Party
B must declare the required list of goods seven days in advance.

Party
A shall settle the settlement by cash
 cash and cash to delivery.

IX.
Logistics

Party
B shall inform Party A in writing seven days in advance of the products required by Party B
 specifying the type
 quantity and
time of the goods to be shipped. Party A is responsible for delivering goods on time to the warehouse where Party B is located(in
the urban area). The freight charges shall be borne by Party B.

If
the goods supplied by Party A to Party B cause damage in transit
 Party B shall accept and accept the goods on the spot upon receipt.
The name and quantity of the damaged products shall be signed and approved by the shipping party and Party A shall be notified
on the same day. The Party A and the shipping party shall clearly deal with the responsibility.



    
    


Market
management

Staffing:
Party B shall maintain the necessary professional staff for the operation of the market in order to develop and manage the market
effectively.

Party
A&rsquo;s staff is strictly forbidden to borrow money from Party B. If it appears
 it will be a private act. Party A will not bear any
responsibility or loss arising therefrom.

The
cooperation policy provided by Party A is reflected in the official written documents. Party A does not recognize all oral commitments.

Liability
for breach of contract

Party
A and Party B shall strictly abide by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Both parties shall not breach the contract.

Settlement
of disputes

The
disputes arising from this contract or the performance of this contract shall be settled amicably through negotiation. The two
parties shall be invalidated by negotiation and both parties agree to bring a lawsuit in the people&rsquo;s court of the place where
Party A operates.

Entry
into force and continuation of the contract

This
Contract shall be executed in triplicate by each Party A and B
 and shall take effect on the day following the signature and seal
of this Contract.

This
contract is valid for one year from July 2
 2016 to July 1
 2017.



    
    


XIV.
Other

The
annex to this Contract is an integral part of this Contract and has the same legal effect as this Contract.

If
matters are not completed
 the two parties shall reach agreement through consultation and conclude a separate subsidiary agreement
to the distribution contract.

Other
additions



Party
    A(Stamp):
Party
    B(Stamp):

    
    

    
    

    
    

Representative:
    Huan Zule&nbsp;&nbsp;
Representative:
    YangYunmei

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Signature:
    July 2
 2016
Signature:
    July 2
 2016




    











 DATED AS OF JULY 2
 2018
 BY AND BETWEEN THE REGISTRANT AND BEIJING HUAXIN RONGFA TRADE CO.
 LTD



     







Co. Ltd.(hereinafter referred to as Party A)


Co. Ltd.(hereinafter referred to as Party B)




in order to maintain the normal market order and ensure the economic benefits of both parties
 after friendly negotiations between
both parties
 in accordance with the principle of mutual benefit
 the following agreement was reached on the sale of Party A&rsquo;s
series of products.


 sales area


 products



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    



 develop sales area/channel


entire territory within the whole country(administrative division).




target is 5 million yuan.




 Party B must have good financial strength;


 agree with the brand and value of Party
A
 with a sincere desire for cooperation;


 have first-and second-line liquor brand
sales
 agency experience and have good sales performance and reputation;


 and control of channels


 has its own management of hotels
 Shangchao
zero batches
 nightclubs
 group buying and customization and other channels
 and outstanding channel control capabilities;


 identify and actively cooperate with
the company&rsquo;s effective operating policy
 market strategy and operating mode;


 has the independent legal person qualification
has the fixed business place
 the storage place
 the distribution vehicle and the sales team.




provided meet the quality and hygiene standards stipulated by the State;



    
    



procedures for Party A series of wine sold by Party B;


Party B in arranging product delivery and after-sales service;


and scientific guidance to Party B&rsquo;s business operations and inventory management. With the development of cooperation between
the two parties and the development requirements of the market at different stages
 Party A will give Party B technical guidance
in establishing and improving the sales system
 settlement system
 logistics system
 etc..


B&rsquo;s sales channels and price stability;


resources
 Party A shall not sell or authorize others to sell products within Party B&rsquo;s authorized area(except Party A products
that Party B has not authorized to sell)
 However
 Party A uses the e-commerce platform and its associated offline channels to
sell its own products in the authorized area;


Party B in formulating a sales promotion plan and assisting Party B in carrying out marketing promotion work;


due to market reasons
 he must apply one month in advance. The exchange of the product does not affect the second sale
 and the
total amount of each exchange does not exceed 10
000 yuan. The freight cost shall be borne by Party B.



    
    







specified products in the designated area as stipulated herein;


the incentive clauses of Party A&rsquo;s marketing plan;


forward opinions and suggestions on the internal quality and the quality of the overpack of the products in the operation of Party
A.




licenses and other legal and valid business certificates
 and shall strictly observe the relevant laws
 regulations and industry
norms of the State and conduct law-abiding operations;


planned by Party A in accordance with the areas and guiding prices specified in the contract
 and shall not sell or sell at low
prices across regions; The first warning is issued
 and the dumped product is repurchased by Party B according to the market price;
The second finds that Party A reserves the right to recover losses caused to Party A by Party B&rsquo;s destruction of the market price
except for the deduction of Party B&rsquo;s margin.



    
    



at the request of Party A;


plan on the maintenance of marketing order and related provisions;


fully with Party A in the activities of market management
 market promotion and market development;


Party A under the guidance of Party A
 establish relevant distribution systems
 strictly carry out goods distribution and network
coverage services in accordance with Party A&rsquo;s requirements
 and provide sufficient storage space for product turnover. And is
obliged to provide Party A with the original documents of the direction of the goods;


reputation of Party A and its products
 handle the complaints and related service requests of the end users of the products in
the agency area under the guidance of Party A
 and do a good job of coordinating the supervision and inspection of the relevant
departments;


relevant sales data and competitive products for Party A to analyze and formulate sales strategies;



    
    



counterfeit or counterfeit Party A&rsquo;s products. If Party B discovers that the intellectual property rights attached to Party A&rsquo;s
sales commodities have been infringed by third parties
 Party B shall be obliged to notify Party A;


A&rsquo;s products through other channels and mix them into the products supplied by Party A directly. Otherwise
 Party A has the right
to terminate the cooperation.


publicity materials for Party A
 it must be submitted to Party A for examination and approval
 and it must be issued only with
the written permission of Party A;


contract or engage in other civil acts with a third party in the name of Party A
 nor shall Party A bear legal liability for any
economic or civil dispute between Party B and any third party.




of the distributor
 Party A has the right to adjust the product price due to special circumstances such as changes in the market
environment
 changes in supply and demand
 and government policies. Party A will strictly observe the following commitments when
adjusting the product price system:


information seven working days before the formal adjustment of the product price system.



    
    



price difference compensation for all the products that Party B has purchased after the new price system has been adjusted.




of goods seven days in advance.


cash
 cash and cash to delivery.




seven days in advance of the products required by Party B
 specifying the type
 quantity and time of the goods to be shipped.
Party A is responsible for delivering goods on time to the warehouse where Party B is located(in the urban area). The freight
charges shall be borne by Party B.


B cause damage in transit
 Party B shall accept and accept the goods on the spot upon receipt. The name and quantity of the damaged
products shall be signed and approved by the shipping party and Party A shall be notified on the same day. The Party A and the
shipping party shall clearly deal with the responsibility.



    
    





professional staff for the operation of the market in order to develop and manage the market effectively.


to borrow money from Party B. If it appears
 it will be a private act. Party A will not bear any responsibility or loss arising
therefrom.


Party A is reflected in formal written documents. Party A does not recognize all oral commitments.




by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Both parties shall not breach the contract.




or the performance of this contract shall be settled amicably through negotiation. The two parties shall be nullified by negotiation
and both parties agree to complete the litigation at the place where Party A operates.


contract


by each Party A and B
 and shall take effect on the day following the signature and seal of this Contract.


of one year from July 2
 2018 to July 1
 2019.





Party
    A(Stamp):
Party
    B(Stamp):

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Entrusted agent:
    Qi Shanping
Entrusted agent:
    Yangyunmei

    
    

Signing date: July
    2
 2018
Signing date: July
    2
 2018




    











 DATED AS OF NOVEMBER 7
 2016
 BY AND BETWEEN THE REGISTRANT AND BEIJING HUAXIN RONGFA TRADE CO.
 LTD



     



Exhibit
10.11

Business
Agreement


Contract
No: JQJY-1611002

Venue:
Xinghua Village
 Fenyang
 Shanxi Province

Party
A: _ Fuyang Jinqiang Wine Co. Ltd. _(hereinafter referred to as Party A)

Party
B: Beijing Huaxin Rongfa Trade Co.
 Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Party B)

Party
A and Party B shall
 after friendly consultation and in accordance with the principles of good faith
 mutual benefit and common
development of Xinghua Village
 agree on the relevant matters concerning the sale of Party A&rsquo;s series of products in the areas
and channels agreed upon by Party A and Party B and sign this contract.

Article
1. Scope of licensed sales

Party
A licenses Party B to sell the area: National

Article
II Time limit

Duration:
From 7 November 2016 to 6 November 2017
 if both parties agree to renew the contract
 they must notify each other in writing within
15 days before the expiration of the contract and sign another contract.



    
    


Article
3 Products and Prices

1
products and prices



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


Note:
The specific distribution price of the large wine series is determined by mutual consultation.

When
the price of the product is adjusted
 Party A shall notify Party B in writing one month in advance.

Article
4 Settlement Methods
1
cash 2
 bank transfers
Article
5. Purchases

During
the validity period of this contract
 B shall purchase not less than 8.5 million yuan from Party A.

Article
6 The rights and obligations of Party A



(1)
Party A has the right to formulate a unified sales guidance price system and a unified marketing plan and program. Party B shall
actively cooperate.



    
    


(2)
Party A has the right to supervise and administer Party B&rsquo;s business conditions
 price execution status
 and the flow of goods.

(3)
Party A shall direct Party B&rsquo;s operation and management. If Party B finds that there are irregularities or ineffective cooperation
in the operation of the market
 Party A shall have the right to make rationalization proposals to Party B and urge Party B to
make rectification.

(4)
Party B has violated the terms and conditions of this contract. After verification by Party A
 Party B may unilaterally cancel
this contract and reserve the right to investigate Party B&rsquo;s liability for breach of contract.

(5)
If Party B promotes the sale of the products of this contract or fails to comply with the purchase objectives agreed upon between
the two parties
 Party A shall have the right to adjust the types
 areas and channels of purchase of Party B until such time as
Party B terminates this contract unilaterally and in advance.



(1)
Party A shall maintain a stable product quality for a long period of time.

(2)
fulfill all kinds of support promised in writing
 including all kinds of support such as rewards
 promotional products
 advertisements
and marketing for Party B.

(3)
Party A shall deliver the goods on time as requested by Party B.



    
    


(4)
When the price of the product is adjusted due to changes in market demand
 Party A shall notify Party B in writing one month in
advance.

Article
7 Rights and obligations of Party B



(1)
Party A has violated the terms and conditions of this contract. After Party B verifies and makes suggestions
 Party A still has
no improvement. Party B may cancel this contract in writing.

(2)
The contract expires and Party B has the right to renew the contract under the same conditions.



(1)
Party B shall not sell counterfeit products of this Contract. If it finds that there are fake and shoddy products in the market
Party B shall immediately notify Party A and assist Party A in combating counterfeit activities.

(2)
Party B shall not make advertising articles or publicity articles without the consent of Party A.

(3)
Party B shall have the obligation to provide feedback to Party A on local events
 competition information
 and relevant materials.

Article
8 Order and Delivery

Party
B shall make an order to Party A before each purchase. After being confirmed by Party A
 Party B shall issue the goods in time
against the confirmed order.



    
    


Party
A is responsible for shipping the goods to the city designated by Party B. Party B is responsible for the cost of product arrival
logistics and the cost of handling
 loading and unloading.

When
Party B takes out the goods
 the damage to the goods is less than 3 inches(including 3 inches) for normal transportation damage
and the loss part shall be borne by Party B himself; If the goods are damaged in excess of 3 inches(excluding 3 inches)
 Party
B shall notify Party A within 3 days. Party A shall sign the valid certificate or the shipping document signed by the person in
charge of transportation
 and Party A shall coordinate the carrier&rsquo;s claim. Party B shall be deemed to have no objection after
three days.

Party
B has not raised any written objection to Party A concerning quality and other aspects within 15 days from the date of receipt
of the goods.

Article
IX. Special provisions

Party
A and Party B confirm that within the validity period of this contract
 the business personnel of both parties shall not have
the right to enter into contracts or letters with each other on their own behalf or on their own behalf.

Party
B shall not accept any loan
 loan or transfer from Party A employees. Party A shall not bear any financial or legal liability
in case of such occurrence.



    
    


Article
10 Liability for breach of contract

Party
B shall perform at the price fixed herein(in case of price adjustment
 at the adjusted price); Shall not sell the product to a
market outside the agreed area or channel; Party B shall not issue advertising promotion plans without Party A&rsquo;s approval and
authorization. Otherwise
 Party B shall bear the relevant responsibilities.

Party
A shall have the right to demand compensation from Party B for the losses caused by Party B&rsquo;s breach of contract.

Article
11 Settlement of disputes

During
the performance of this contract
 the other party shall have the right to cancel this contract as agreed by both parties and to
investigate the breach and liability.

Any
matter not covered by the contract shall be confirmed by the two parties through friendly consultation and in the form of a supplementary
contract or special contractual agreement
 which shall be annexed to this contract and shall have equal legal effect.

If
a dispute between Party A and Party B arises during the execution of the contract
 it shall be settled through friendly consultation.



    
    


Article
12 Entry into force of contract

This
Contract shall take effect after both Party A and Party B have signed and sealed it.

2
this contract is a copy
 A and B each hold one. Has the same legal effect. The alteration of this contract is invalid.

The
final interpretation right of this contract belongs to Fenyang Jinqiang Liquor Co. Ltd..

Party
A(Stamp): Party B(Stamp):



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


Signing
date: 7 November 2016 Signing date: 7 November 2016















 DATED AS OF NOVEMBER 7
 2017
 BY AND BETWEEN THE REGISTRANT AND BEIJING HUAXIN RONGFA TRADE CO.
 LTD



     







Liquor Co. Ltd.(hereinafter referred to as Party A)


Rongfa Trading Co. Ltd.(hereinafter referred to as Party B)




laws and regulations
 in order to maintain the normal market order and ensure the economic benefits of both parties
 after friendly
negotiations between both parties
 in accordance with the principle of mutual benefit
 the following agreement was reached on
the sale of Party A&rsquo;s series of products.


 sales area


 products



    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    
    



 develop sales area/channel


B to sell the entire territory within the whole country(administrative division).




annual marketing target is 800
000 yuan.


Party B


 Party B must have good
financial strength;


 agree with the brand
and value of Party A
 with a sincere desire for cooperation;


 have first-and second-line
liquor brand sales
 agency experience and have good sales performance and reputation;


 and control
of channels


 has its own management
of hotels
 Shangchao
 zero batches
 nightclubs
 group buying and customization and other channels
 and outstanding channel control
capabilities;


 identify and actively
cooperate with the company&rsquo;s effective operating policy
 market strategy and operating mode;


 has the independent
legal person qualification
 has the fixed business place
 the storage place
 the distribution vehicle and the sales team.



    
    



of Party A


that the products provided meet the quality and hygiene standards stipulated by the State;


legal operation procedures for Party A series of wine sold by Party B;


service to Party B in arranging product delivery and after-sales service;


to provide correct and scientific guidance to Party B&rsquo;s business operations and inventory management. With the development of
cooperation between the two parties and the development requirements of the market at different stages
 Party A will give Party
B technical guidance in establishing and improving the sales system
 settlement system
 logistics system
 etc..


to maintain Party B&rsquo;s sales channels and price stability;


Party B&rsquo;s market resources
 Party A shall not sell or authorize others to sell products within Party B&rsquo;s authorized area(except
Party A products that Party B has not authorized to sell)
 However
 Party A uses the e-commerce platform and its associated offline
channels to sell its own products in the authorized area;


to assist Party B in formulating a sales promotion plan and assisting Party B in carrying out marketing promotion work;


exchange the product due to market reasons
 he must apply one month in advance. The exchange of the product does not affect the
second sale
 and the total amount of each exchange does not exceed 10
000 yuan. The freight cost shall be borne by Party B.



    
    



of Party B




of sale of the specified products in the designated area as stipulated herein;


in all the incentive clauses of Party A&rsquo;s marketing plan;


the right to put forward opinions and suggestions on the internal quality and the quality of the overpack of the products in the
operation of Party A.




with business licenses and other legal and valid business certificates
 and shall strictly observe the relevant laws
 regulations
and industry norms of the State and conduct law-abiding operations;


the series of products planned by Party A in accordance with the areas and guiding prices specified in the contract
 and shall
not sell or sell at low prices across regions; The first warning is issued
 and the dumped product is repurchased by Party B according
to the market price; The second finds that Party A reserves the right to recover losses caused to Party A by Party B&rsquo;s destruction
of the market price
 except for the deduction of Party B&rsquo;s margin.



    
    



Party A&rsquo;s products at the request of Party A;


Party A&rsquo;s marketing plan on the maintenance of marketing order and related provisions;


to cooperate fully with Party A in the activities of market management
 market promotion and market development;


cooperate with Party A under the guidance of Party A
 establish relevant distribution systems
 strictly carry out goods distribution
and network coverage services in accordance with Party A&rsquo;s requirements
 and provide sufficient storage space for product turnover.
And is obliged to provide Party A with the original documents of the direction of the goods;


the image and reputation of Party A and its products
 handle the complaints and related service requests of the end users of the
products in the agency area under the guidance of Party A
 and do a good job of coordinating the supervision and inspection of
the relevant departments;


Party A with relevant sales data and competitive products for Party A to analyze and formulate sales strategies;



    
    



sell products of counterfeit or counterfeit Party A&rsquo;s products. If Party B discovers that the intellectual property rights attached
to Party A&rsquo;s sales commodities have been infringed by third parties
 Party B shall be obliged to notify Party A;


purchase Party A&rsquo;s products through other channels and mix them into the products supplied by Party A directly. Otherwise
 Party
A has the right to terminate the cooperation.


all kinds of publicity materials for Party A
 it must be submitted to Party A for examination and approval
 and it must be issued
only with the written permission of Party A;


enter into an economic contract or engage in other civil acts with a third party in the name of Party A
 nor shall Party A bear
legal liability for any economic or civil dispute between Party B and any third party.


prices


the interests of the distributor
 Party A has the right to adjust the product price due to special circumstances such as changes
in the market environment
 changes in supply and demand
 and government policies. Party A will strictly observe the following
commitments when adjusting the product price system:


price adjustment information seven working days before the formal adjustment of the product price system.


for the price difference compensation for all the products that Party B has purchased after the new price system has been adjusted.



    
    



methods


required list of goods seven days in advance.


settlement by cash
 cash and cash to delivery.




A in writing seven days in advance of the products required by Party B
 specifying the type
 quantity and time of the goods to
be shipped. Party A is responsible for delivering goods on time to the warehouse where Party B is located(in the urban area).
The freight charges shall be borne by Party B.


by Party A to Party B cause damage in transit
 Party B shall accept and accept the goods on the spot upon receipt. The name and
quantity of the damaged products shall be signed and approved by the shipping party and Party A shall be notified on the same
day. The Party A and the shipping party shall clearly deal with the responsibility.



    
    





maintain the necessary professional staff for the operation of the market in order to develop and manage the market effectively.


forbidden to borrow money from Party B. If it appears
 it will be a private act. Party A will not bear any responsibility or loss
arising therefrom.


provided by Party A is reflected in formal written documents. Party A does not recognize all oral commitments.


contract


strictly abide by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Both parties shall not breach the contract.




this contract or the performance of this contract shall be settled amicably through negotiation. The two parties shall be nullified
by negotiation and both parties agree to complete the litigation at the place where Party A operates.


of the contract


executed in triplicate by each Party A and B
 and shall take effect on the day following the signature and seal of this Contract.


valid for a period of one year from November 7
 2017 to November 6
 2018.





    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Signing date: November
    7
 2017
Signing date: November
    7
 2017




    











 DATED AS OF NOVEMBER 7
 2017
 BY AND BETWEEN THE REGISTRANT AND FUQING JING HONG TRADING CO.
 LTD



     







Huaxin Wine Industry Development Co. Ltd.(hereinafter referred to as Party A)


Jing Hong Trading Co.
 Ltd.(hereinafter referred to as Party B)




relevant laws and regulations
 in order to maintain the normal market order and ensure the economic benefits of both parties
after friendly negotiations between both parties
 in accordance with the principle of mutual benefit
 the following agreement
was reached on the sale of Party A&rsquo;s series of products.


 sales area


 products



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    



 develop sales area/channel


territory within the whole country(administrative division).




target is 10 million yuan.




 Party B must have good financial strength;


 agree with the brand and value of Party
A
 with a sincere desire for cooperation;


 have first-and second-line liquor brand
sales
 agency experience and have good sales performance and reputation;


 and control of channels


 has its own management of hotels
 Shangchao
zero batches
 nightclubs
 group buying and customization and other channels
 and outstanding channel control capabilities;


 identify and actively cooperate with the
company&rsquo;s effective operating policy
 market strategy and operating mode;


 has the independent legal person qualification
has the fixed business place
 the storage place
 the distribution vehicle and the sales team.




provided meet the quality and hygiene standards stipulated by the State;



    
    



procedures for Party A series of wine sold by Party B;


B in arranging product delivery and after-sales service;


and scientific guidance to Party B&rsquo;s business operations and inventory management. With the development of cooperation between
the two parties and the development requirements of the market at different stages
 Party A will give Party B technical guidance
in establishing and improving the sales system
 settlement system
 logistics system
 etc..


B&rsquo;s sales channels and price stability;


Party A shall not sell or authorize others to sell products within Party B&rsquo;s authorized area(except Party A products that Party
B has not authorized to sell)
 However
 Party A uses the e-commerce platform and its associated offline channels to sell its own
products in the authorized area;


B in formulating a sales promotion plan and assisting Party B in carrying out marketing promotion work;



    
    



due to market reasons
 he must apply one month in advance. The exchange of the product does not affect the second sale
 and the
total amount of each exchange does not exceed 10
000 yuan. The freight cost shall be borne by Party B.






products in the designated area as stipulated herein;


incentive clauses of Party A&rsquo;s marketing plan;


opinions and suggestions on the internal quality and the quality of the overpack of the products in the operation of Party A.




licenses and other legal and valid business certificates
 and shall strictly observe the relevant laws
 regulations and industry
norms of the State and conduct law-abiding operations;


planned by Party A in accordance with the areas and guiding prices specified in the contract
 and shall not sell or sell at low
prices across regions; The first warning is issued
 and the dumped product is repurchased by Party B according to the market price;
The second finds that Party A reserves the right to recover losses caused to Party A by Party B&rsquo;s destruction of the market price
except for the deduction of Party B&rsquo;s margin.



    
    



at the request of Party A;


plan on the maintenance of marketing order and related provisions;


fully with Party A in the activities of market management
 market promotion and market development;


Party A under the guidance of Party A
 establish relevant distribution systems
 strictly carry out goods distribution and network
coverage services in accordance with Party A&rsquo;s requirements
 and provide sufficient storage space for product turnover. And is
obliged to provide Party A with the original documents of the direction of the goods;


of Party A and its products
 handle the complaints and related service requests of the end users of the products in the agency
area under the guidance of Party A
 and do a good job of coordinating the supervision and inspection of the relevant departments;


sales data and competitive products for Party A to analyze and formulate sales strategies;



    
    



or counterfeit Party A&rsquo;s products. If Party B discovers that the intellectual property rights attached to Party A&rsquo;s sales commodities
have been infringed by third parties
 Party B shall be obliged to notify Party A;


products through other channels and mix them into the products supplied by Party A directly. Otherwise
 Party A has the right
to terminate the cooperation.


materials for Party A
 it must be submitted to Party A for examination and approval
 and it must be issued only with the written
permission of Party A;


contract or engage in other civil acts with a third party in the name of Party A
 nor shall Party A bear legal liability for any
economic or civil dispute between Party B and any third party.




the distributor
 Party A has the right to adjust the product price due to special circumstances such as changes in the market
environment
 changes in supply and demand
 and government policies. Party A will strictly observe the following commitments when
adjusting the product price system:



    
    



seven working days before the formal adjustment of the product price system.


price difference compensation for all the products that Party B has purchased after the new price system has been adjusted.




goods seven days in advance.


cash and cash to delivery.




days in advance of the products required by Party B
 specifying the type
 quantity and time of the goods to be shipped. Party
A is responsible for delivering goods on time to the warehouse where Party B is located(in the urban area). The freight charges
shall be borne by Party B.


B cause damage in transit
 Party B shall accept and accept the goods on the spot upon receipt. The name and quantity of the damaged
products shall be signed and approved by the shipping party and Party A shall be notified on the same day. The Party A and the
shipping party shall clearly deal with the responsibility.



    
    





professional staff for the operation of the market in order to develop and manage the market effectively.


borrow money from Party B. If it appears
 it will be a private act. Party A will not bear any responsibility or loss arising therefrom.


A is reflected in formal written documents. Party A does not recognize all oral commitments.




by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Both parties shall not breach the contract.




the performance of this contract shall be settled amicably through negotiation. The two parties shall be nullified by negotiation
and both parties agree to complete the litigation at the place where Party A operates.


contract


by each Party A and B
 and shall take effect on the day following the signature and seal of this Contract.


of one year from November 7
 2017 to November 6
 2018.





    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Entrusted agent: Qi
    Shanping
    

    
    

Signing date: November
    7
 2017
Signing date: November
    7
 2017




    











 DATED AS OF NOVEMBER 18
 2016
 BY AND BETWEEN THE REGISTRANT AND FUQING JING HONG TRADING CO.
 LTD



     


Exhibit
10.14

Business
Agreements

Contract
No: JQJY-1611002

Venue:
Xinghua Village
 Fenyang
 Shanxi Province

Party
A: _ Fuyang Jinqiang Wine Co. Ltd. _(hereinafter referred to as Party A)

Party
B: Fuqing Jing Hong Trading Co.
 Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Party B)

Party
A and Party B shall
 after friendly consultation and in accordance with the principles of good faith
 mutual benefit and common
development of Xinghua Village
 agree on the relevant matters concerning the sale of Party A&rsquo;s series of products in the areas
and channels agreed upon by Party A and Party B and sign this contract.

Article
1. Scope of licensed sales

Party
A licenses Party B to sell the area: National

Article
II Time limit

Duration:
From November 18
 2016 to November 17
 2017. If both parties agree to renew their contracts
 they must notify each other in writing
within 15 days before the expiration of the contract and sign another contract.

Article
3 Products and Prices



    
    


1
products and prices



    
    

    (&#20803;/500ml)
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


Note:
The price of the products of the large wine series(Huaxia assets
 private exclusive) is determined by negotiation.

When
the price of the product is adjusted
 Party A shall notify Party B in writing one month in advance.

Article
4 Settlement Methods

1
cash 2
 bank transfers

Article
5. Purchases

During
the validity period of this contract
 B shall purchase not less than _ 10 million yuan from Party A.

Article
6 The rights and obligations of Party A



(1)
Party A has the right to formulate a unified sales guidance price system and a unified marketing plan and program. Party B shall
actively cooperate.



    
    


(2)
Party A has the right to supervise and administer Party B&rsquo;s business conditions
 price execution status
 and the flow of goods.

(3)
Party A shall direct Party B&rsquo;s operation and management. If Party B finds that there are irregularities or ineffective cooperation
in the operation of the market
 Party A shall have the right to make rationalization proposals to Party B and urge Party B to
make rectification.

(4)
Party B has violated the terms and conditions of this contract. After verification by Party A
 Party B may unilaterally cancel
this contract and reserve the right to investigate Party B&rsquo;s liability for breach of contract.

(5)
If Party B promotes the sale of the products of this contract or fails to comply with the purchase objectives agreed upon between
the two parties
 Party A shall have the right to adjust the types
 areas and channels of purchase of Party B until such time as
Party B terminates this contract unilaterally and in advance.



(1)
Party A shall maintain a stable product quality for a long period of time.

(2)
fulfill all kinds of support promised in writing
 including all kinds of support such as rewards
 promotional products
 advertisements
and marketing for Party B.

(3)
Party A shall deliver the goods on time as requested by Party B.



    
    


(4)
When the price of the product is adjusted due to changes in market demand
 Party A shall notify Party B in writing one month in
advance.

Article
7 Rights and obligations of Party B



(1)
Party A has violated the terms and conditions of this contract. After Party B verifies and makes suggestions
 Party A still has
no improvement. Party B may cancel this contract in writing.

(2)
The contract expires and Party B has the right to renew the contract under the same conditions.



(1)
Party B shall not sell counterfeit products of this Contract. If it finds that there are fake and shoddy products in the market
Party B shall immediately notify Party A and assist Party A in combating counterfeit activities.

(2)
Party B shall not make advertising articles or publicity articles without the consent of Party A.

(3)
Party B shall have the obligation to provide feedback to Party A on local events
 competition information
 and relevant materials.

Article
8 Order and Delivery

Party
B shall make an order to Party A before each purchase. After being confirmed by Party A
 Party B shall issue the goods in time
against the confirmed order.



    
    


Party
A is responsible for shipping the goods to the city designated by Party B. Party B is responsible for the cost of product arrival
logistics and the cost of handling
 loading and unloading.

When
Party B takes out the goods
 the damage to the goods is less than 3 inches(including 3 inches) for normal transportation damage
and the loss part shall be borne by Party B himself; If the goods are damaged in excess of 3 inches(excluding 3 inches)
 Party
B shall notify Party A within 3 days. Party A shall sign the valid certificate or the shipping document signed by the person in
charge of transportation
 and Party A shall coordinate the carrier&rsquo;s claim. Party B shall be deemed to have no objection after
three days.

Party
B has not raised any written objection to Party A concerning quality and other aspects within 15 days from the date of receipt
of the goods.

Article
IX. Special provisions

Party
A and Party B confirm that within the validity period of this contract
 the business personnel of both parties shall not have
the right to enter into contracts or letters with each other on their own behalf or on their own behalf.

Party
B shall not accept any loan
 loan or transfer from Party A employees. Party A shall not bear any financial or legal liability
in case of such occurrence.



    
    


Article
10 Liability for breach of contract

Party
B shall perform at the price fixed herein(in case of price adjustment
 at the adjusted price); Shall not sell the product to a
market outside the agreed area or channel; Party B shall not issue advertising promotion plans without Party A&rsquo;s approval and
authorization. Otherwise
 Party B shall bear the relevant responsibilities.

Party
A shall have the right to demand compensation from Party B for the losses caused by Party B&rsquo;s breach of contract.

Article
11 Settlement of disputes

During
the performance of this contract
 the other party shall have the right to cancel this contract as agreed by both parties and to
investigate the breach and liability.

Any
matter not covered by the contract shall be confirmed by the two parties through friendly consultation and in the form of a supplementary
contract or special contractual agreement
 which shall be annexed to this contract and shall have equal legal effect.

If
a dispute between Party A and Party B arises during the execution of the contract
 it shall be settled through friendly consultation.

Article
12 Entry into force of contract



    
    


This
Contract shall take effect after both Party A and Party B have signed and sealed it.

2
this contract is a copy
 A and B each hold one. Has the same legal effect. The alteration of this contract is invalid.

The
final interpretation right of this contract belongs to Fenyang Jinqiang Liquor Co. Ltd..




Party
    A(Stamp):
Party
    B(Stamp):

    
    

    
    

    
    

Legal person
    representative:
Legal person
    representative:

    
    

Entrusted
    agent: Dengjianmin
Entrusted
    agent: Xuedefa

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


Signing
date: November 18
 2016 Signing date: November 18
 2016















 DATED AS OF NOVEMBER 18
 2017
 BY AND BETWEEN THE REGISTRANT AND FUQING JING HONG TRADING CO.
 LTD



     




Business
Agreement

Supplier:
Fenyang Jinqiang Liquor Co. Ltd.(hereinafter referred to as Party A)

Purchaser:
Fuqing Jing Hong Trading Co.
 Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Party B)

General
provisions

According
to the relevant laws and regulations
 in order to maintain the normal market order and ensure the economic benefits of both parties
after friendly negotiations between both parties
 in accordance with the principle of mutual benefit
 the following agreement
was reached on the sale of Party A&rsquo;s series of products.

Product
sales area

1
products



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




    
    


2
develop sales area/channel

Party
A authorizes Party B to sell the entire territory within the whole country(administrative division).

III.
Annual sales assignments

Party
B ensures that the annual marketing target is 500
000 yuan.

IV.
Qualifications of Party B

1
Party B must have good financial strength;

2
agree with the brand and value of Party A
 with a sincere desire for cooperation;

3
have first-and second-line liquor brand sales
 agency experience and have good sales performance and reputation;

Other
channels
 and control of channels

4
has its own management of hotels
 Shangchao
 zero batches
 nightclubs
 group buying and customization and other channels
 and
outstanding channel control capabilities;

5
identify and actively cooperate with the company&rsquo;s effective operating policy
 market strategy and operating mode;

6
has the independent legal person qualification
 has the fixed business place
 the storage place
 the distribution vehicle and
the sales team.

Rights
and Obligations of Party A

(1)
Party A guarantees that the products provided meet the quality and hygiene standards stipulated by the State;



    
    


(2)
Party A provides the legal operation procedures for Party A series of wine sold by Party B;

(3)
Party A provides quality service to Party B in arranging product delivery and after-sales service;

(4)
Party A is obliged to provide correct and scientific guidance to Party B&rsquo;s business operations and inventory management. With
the development of cooperation between the two parties and the development requirements of the market at different stages
 Party
A will give Party B technical guidance in establishing and improving the sales system
 settlement system
 logistics system
 etc..

(5)
Party A is obliged to maintain Party B&rsquo;s sales channels and price stability;

(6)
In order to ensure Party B&rsquo;s market resources
 Party A shall not sell or authorize others to sell products within Party B&rsquo;s authorized
area(except Party A products that Party B has not authorized to sell)
 However
 Party A uses the e-commerce platform and its associated
offline channels to sell its own products in the authorized area;

(7)
Party A shall be obliged to assist Party B in formulating a sales promotion plan and assisting Party B in carrying out marketing
promotion work;



    
    


(8)
If Party B needs to exchange the product due to market reasons
 he must apply one month in advance. The exchange of the product
does not affect the second sale
 and the total amount of each exchange does not exceed 10
000 yuan. The freight cost shall be
borne by Party B.

Rights
and obligations of Party B

Rights
of Party B

(1)
to enjoy the right of sale of the specified products in the designated area as stipulated herein;

(2)
enjoy the rights stipulated in all the incentive clauses of Party A&rsquo;s marketing plan;

(3)
Party B shall have the right to put forward opinions and suggestions on the internal quality and the quality of the overpack of
the products in the operation of Party A.

Obligations
of Party B

(1)
Party A shall be provided with business licenses and other legal and valid business certificates
 and shall strictly observe the
relevant laws
 regulations and industry norms of the State and conduct law-abiding operations;

(2)
Party B shall sell the series of products planned by Party A in accordance with the areas and guiding prices specified in the
contract
 and shall not sell or sell at low prices across regions; The first warning is issued
 and the dumped product is repurchased
by Party B according to the market price; The second finds that Party A reserves the right to recover losses caused to Party A
by Party B&rsquo;s destruction of the market price
 except for the deduction of Party B&rsquo;s margin.



    
    


(3)
Party B shall sell Party A&rsquo;s products at the request of Party A;

(4)
to strictly observe Party A&rsquo;s marketing plan on the maintenance of marketing order and related provisions;

(5)
Party B has the obligation to cooperate fully with Party A in the activities of market management
 market promotion and market
development;

(6)
Party B shall actively cooperate with Party A under the guidance of Party A
 establish relevant distribution systems
 strictly
carry out goods distribution and network coverage services in accordance with Party A&rsquo;s requirements
 and provide sufficient storage
space for product turnover. And is obliged to provide Party A with the original documents of the direction of the goods;

(7)
consciously maintain the image and reputation of Party A and its products
 handle the complaints and related service requests
of the end users of the products in the agency area under the guidance of Party A
 and do a good job of coordinating the supervision
and inspection of the relevant departments;

(8)
Party B shall provide Party A with relevant sales data and competitive products for Party A to analyze and formulate sales strategies;



    
    


(9)
Party B shall not sell products of counterfeit or counterfeit Party A&rsquo;s products. If Party B discovers that the intellectual property
rights attached to Party A&rsquo;s sales commodities have been infringed by third parties
 Party B shall be obliged to notify Party
A;

(10)
Party B shall not purchase Party A&rsquo;s products through other channels and mix them into the products supplied by Party A directly.
Otherwise
 Party A has the right to terminate the cooperation.

(11)
Before Party B prints all kinds of publicity materials for Party A
 it must be submitted to Party A for examination and approval
and it must be issued only with the written permission of Party A;

(12)
Party A shall not enter into an economic contract or engage in other civil acts with a third party in the name of Party A
 nor
shall Party A bear legal liability for any economic or civil dispute between Party B and any third party.

VII.
Adjustment of product prices

In
order to fully protect the interests of the distributor
 Party A has the right to adjust the product price due to special circumstances
such as changes in the market environment
 changes in supply and demand
 and government policies. Party A will strictly observe
the following commitments when adjusting the product price system:



    
    


Inform
Party B of the price adjustment information seven working days before the formal adjustment of the product price system.

Party
A shall not be responsible for the price difference compensation for all the products that Party B has purchased after the new
price system has been adjusted.

VIII.
Delivery and settlement methods

Party
B must submit the required list of goods seven days in advance.

Party
A shall settle the settlement by cash
 cash and cash to delivery.

IX.
Logistics

Party
B shall inform Party A in writing seven days in advance of the products required by Party B
 specifying the type
 quantity and
time of the goods to be shipped. Party A is responsible for delivering goods on time to the warehouse where Party B is located(in
the urban area). The freight charges shall be borne by Party B.

If
the goods supplied by Party A to Party B cause damage in transit
 Party B shall accept and accept the goods on the spot upon receipt.
The name and quantity of the damaged products shall be signed and approved by the shipping party and Party A shall be notified
on the same day. The Party A and the shipping party shall clearly deal with the responsibility.



    
    


Market
management

Staffing:
Party B shall maintain the necessary professional staff for the operation of the market in order to develop and manage the market
effectively.

Party
A&rsquo;s staff is strictly forbidden to borrow money from Party B. If it appears
 it will be a private act. Party A will not bear any
responsibility or loss arising therefrom.

3.
The cooperation policy provided by Party A is reflected in formal written documents. Party A does not recognize all oral commitments.

Liability
for breach of contract

Party
A and Party B shall strictly abide by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Both parties shall not breach the contract.

Settlement
of disputes

The
disputes arising from this contract or the performance of this contract shall be settled amicably through negotiation. The two
parties shall be nullified by negotiation and both parties agree to complete the litigation at the place where Party A operates.

Entry
into force and continuation of the contract

This
Contract shall be executed in triplicate by each Party A and B
 and shall take effect on the day following the signature and seal
of this Contract.



    
    


This
Contract shall be valid for a period of one year from November 18
 2017 to November 17
 2018.

XIV.
Other additions




Party
    A(Stamp):
    
Party
    B(Stamp):

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Legal person
    representative:
    
Legal person
    representative:


Entrusted
Agent: Dengjianmin Entrusted Agent: Xuedefa

Signing
date: November 18
 2017 Signing date: November 18
 2017















 DATED AS OF SEPTEMBER 3
 2017
 BY AND BETWEEN THE REGISTRANT AND FUZHOU JIUYITANG TRADE CO. LTD



     




Business
Agreement

Supplier:
Fenyang Huaxin Wine Industry Development Co. Ltd.(hereinafter referred to as Party A)

Distributor:
Fuzhou Jiuyitang Trade Co. Ltd.(hereinafter referred to as Party B)

General
provisions

In
view of:

I
Fuzhou jiuyitang trade and trade Co.
 Ltd
 as a trading company dealing in agricultural products
 food wholesale and retail and
on behalf of the purchase and sale
 has a strong sales capacity and sales network.

Party
A intends to cooperate with Party B to distribute Party A&rsquo;s alcoholic products through Party B&rsquo;s sales network.

Party
B
 as a distributor of Party A
 shall agree upon the following terms and conditions for the distribution of Party A&rsquo;s alcoholic
products.

Products
prices
 distribution areas

1.
Distribution of products



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




    
    


2
distribution area/channel

Party
A authorizes Party B to distribute the area nationwide
 and the authorized period is from September 3
 2017 to September 2
 2018.

III.
Annual sales assignments

Party
B ensures that the annual marketing target is 5 million yuan.

Distribution
qualifications

L
Party B must have good capital strength;

2
agree with the brand and value of Party A
 with a sincere desire for cooperation;

3
have first-and second-line liquor brand sales
 agency experience and have good sales performance and reputation;

4
identify and actively cooperate with the company&rsquo;s effective operating policy
 market strategy and operating model;

5
has the independent legal person qualification
 has the fixed business place and the sales team.

Rights
and Obligations of Party A

Party
A guarantees that the products provided conform to the quality and hygiene standards stipulated by the State;



    
    


Party
A shall provide a full set of Party A series of liquor sold by Party A legal operating procedures;

Party
A provides quality service to Party B in arranging product delivery and after-sales service.

Party
A has the obligation to provide correct and scientific guidance to Party B&rsquo;s business operations and inventory management. With
the development of cooperation between the two parties and the development requirements of the market at different stages
 Party
A will give Party B guidance and support in establishing and improving the sales system
 settlement system
 logistics system
etc..

Party
A is obliged to maintain Party B&rsquo;s sales channels and price stability;

6.
In order to ensure Party B&rsquo;s market resources
 Party A does not sell or authorize others to sell products within Party B&rsquo;s authorized
area(except Party A products that are not authorized to be sold by Party B);

Party
A shall be obliged to assist Party B in making sales promotion plans and assisting Party B in marketing promotion.

Rights
and obligations of Party B

Rights
of Party B

(1)
enjoy the right to distribute the products in the special area as stipulated in Article 2 of this Contract;



    
    


(2)
enjoy the rights stipulated in all the incentive clauses of Party A&rsquo;s marketing plan;

(3)
Party B shall have the right to put forward opinions and suggestions on the internal quality and the quality of the overpack of
the products in the operation of Party A.

Obligations
of Party B

(1)
Party A shall be provided with business licenses and other legal and valid business certificates
 and shall strictly observe the
relevant laws
 regulations and industry norms of the State and conduct law-abiding operations;

(2)
Party B shall sell the series of products planned by Party A in accordance with the areas and guiding prices specified in the
contract
 and shall not sell or sell at low prices across regions; The first warning is issued
 and the dumped product is repurchased
by Party B according to the market price; The second finds that Party A reserves the right to recover losses caused to Party A
by Party B&rsquo;s destruction of the market price
 except for the deduction of Party B&rsquo;s margin.

(2)
Party B shall sell Party A&rsquo;s products at the request of Party A;

(4)
to strictly observe Party A&rsquo;s marketing plan on the maintenance of marketing order and related provisions;



    
    


(5)
Party B has the obligation to cooperate fully with Party A in the activities of market management
 market promotion and market
development;

(6)
Party B shall actively cooperate with Party A under the guidance of Party A
 establish relevant distribution systems
 strictly
carry out goods distribution and network coverage services in accordance with Party A&rsquo;s requirements
 and provide sufficient storage
space for product turnover. And is obliged to provide Party A with the original documents of the direction of the goods;

(7)
consciously maintain the image and reputation of Party A and its products
 handle the complaints and related service requests
of the end users of the products in the agency area under the guidance of Party A
 and do a good job of coordinating the supervision
and inspection of the relevant departments;

(8)
Party B shall provide Party A with relevant sales data and competitive products for Party A to analyze and formulate sales strategies;

(9)
Party B shall not sell products of counterfeit or counterfeit Party A&rsquo;s products. If Party B discovers that the intellectual property
rights attached to Party A&rsquo;s sales commodities have been infringed by third parties
 Party B shall be obliged to notify Party
A;



    
    


(10)
Party B shall not purchase Party A&rsquo;s products through other channels and mix them into the products supplied by Party A directly.
Otherwise
 Party A has the right to terminate the cooperation.

(11)
Before Party B prints all kinds of publicity materials for Party A
 it must be submitted to Party A for examination and approval
and it must be issued only with the written permission of Party A;

(12)
Party A shall not enter into an economic contract or engage in other civil acts with a third party in the name of Party A
 nor
shall Party A bear legal liability for any economic or civil dispute between Party B and any third party.

VII.
Adjustment of product prices

In
order to fully protect the interests of the distributor
 Party A has the right to adjust the product price due to special circumstances
such as changes in the market environment
 changes in supply and demand
 and government policies. Party A will strictly observe
the following commitments when adjusting the product price system:

Inform
Party B of the price adjustment information seven working days before the formal adjustment of the product price system.

Party
A shall not be responsible for the price difference compensation for all the products that Party B has purchased after the new
price system has been adjusted.



    
    


VIII.
Delivery and settlement methods

Party
A shall arrange the shipment within 48 hours from the date of receiving Party B&rsquo;s order.

Party
B shall make settlement by cash or bank transfer.

IX.
Logistics

The
type
 quantity and time of the goods required by Party B shall be specified so that Party A can arrange delivery. Party A is responsible
for delivering goods on time to the warehouse where Party B is located(in the city).

If
the goods supplied by Party A to Party B cause damage in transit
 Party B shall accept and accept the goods on the spot upon receipt.
The name and quantity of the damaged products shall be signed and approved by the shipping party and Party A shall be notified
on the same day. The Party A and the shipping party shall clearly deal with the responsibility.

Market
management

Staffing:
Party B shall maintain the necessary professional staff for the operation of the market in order to develop and manage the market
effectively.

Party
A&rsquo;s staff is strictly forbidden to borrow money from Party B. If it appears
 it will be a private act. Party A will not bear any
responsibility or loss arising therefrom.

Liability
for breach of contract



    
    


Party
A and Party B shall strictly abide by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Both parties shall not breach the contract.

Settlement
of disputes

The
disputes arising from this contract or the performance of this contract shall be settled amicably through negotiation. The two
parties shall be invalidated and agree to bring a lawsuit in the people&rsquo;s court of the place where Party A is located.

Entry
into force and continuation of the contract

This
contract shall be executed in duplicate by each party
 and shall take effect on the day following the signature and seal of this
contract.

XIV.
Other additions

If
matters are not completed
 the two parties shall reach agreement through consultation and conclude a separate subsidiary agreement
to the distribution contract. After the two parties have stamped the official seal
 they shall have the same legal effect as this
contract.




Party
    A(official seal):
    
Party
    B(official seal):


Legal
representative(signature): Zhangpingying



3
    September 2017
    
3
    September 2017















 DATED AS OF OCTOBER 3
 2016
 BY AND BETWEEN THE REGISTRANT AND NEW VENUS TRADE(FUJIAN) GROUP CO.
 LTD



     







Wine Industry Development Co. Ltd.(hereinafter referred to as Party A)


Trade(Fujian) Group Co.
 Ltd.(hereinafter referred to as Party B)




laws and regulations
 in order to maintain the normal market order and ensure the economic benefits of both parties
 after friendly
negotiations between the two parties
 in accordance with the principle of mutual benefit
 on the distribution of Party A series
of products
 the following agreement was reached.


 prices
 distribution
areas


products



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
500ml
    
    
    



 distribution area/channel


the entire territory within the whole country(administrative division).



    
    





target is 5 million yuan.




 Party B must have good capital strength;


 agree with the brand and value of Party
A
 with a sincere desire for cooperation;


 have first-and second-line liquor brand
sales
 agency experience and have good sales performance and reputation;


 has its own management of hotels
 Shangchao
zero batches
 nightclubs
 group buying and customization and other channels
 and outstanding channel control capabilities;


 identify and actively cooperate with
the company&rsquo;s effective operating policy
 market strategy and operating mode;


 has an independent legal personality
has a fixed business premises and sales team.




conform to the quality and hygiene standards stipulated by the State;


A series of liquor sold by Party A legal operating procedures;


B in arranging product delivery and after-sales service.



    
    



correct and scientific guidance to Party B&rsquo;s business operations and inventory management. With the development of cooperation
between the two parties and the development requirements of the market at different stages
 Party A will give Party B guidance
and support in establishing and improving the sales system
 settlement system
 logistics system
 etc..


sales channels and price stability;


resources
 Party A does not sell or authorize others to sell products within Party B&rsquo;s authorized area(except Party A products
that are not authorized to be sold by Party B); However
 Party A uses the e-commerce platform and its associated offline channels
to sell its own products in the authorized area;


B in making sales promotion plans and assisting Party B in marketing promotion;


for market reasons
 he must apply one month in advance. The replacement of the product does not affect the second sale
 and the
total amount of each exchange does not exceed 10
000 yuan. The freight cost shall be borne by Party B.






products in the special area as stipulated in Article 2 of this Contract;



    
    



the incentive clauses of Party A&rsquo;s marketing plan;


forward opinions and suggestions on the internal quality and the quality of the overpack of the products in the operation of Party
A.




licenses and other legal and valid business certificates
 and shall strictly observe the relevant laws
 regulations and industry
norms of the State and conduct law-abiding operations;


planned by Party A in accordance with the areas and guiding prices specified in the contract
 and shall not sell or sell at low
prices across regions; The first warning is issued
 and the dumped product is repurchased by Party B according to the market price;
The second finds that Party A reserves the right to recover losses caused to Party A by Party B&rsquo;s destruction of the market price
except for the deduction of Party B&rsquo;s margin.


series of products in accordance with the areas and guiding prices stipulated in the contract. Sales across regions and low Party
B shall be strictly prohibited. Party A shall sell Party A&rsquo;s products at the request of Party A
 and shall return funds to Party
A according to the schedule specified in the contract to ensure safe inventory;



    
    



of Party A&rsquo;s marketing plan on the maintenance of marketing order and the restraint of dealer behavior;


fully with Party A in the activities of market management
 market promotion and market development;


Party A under the guidance of Party A
 provide sufficient storage space for product turnover in strict accordance with Party A&rsquo;s
requirements
 and have the obligation to provide Party A with the original documents for the flow of goods;


reputation of Party A and its products
 handle the complaints and related service requests of the end users of the products in
the agency area under the guidance of Party A
 and do a good job of coordinating the supervision and inspection of the relevant
departments;


relevant sales data and competitive products for Party A to analyze and formulate sales strategies;



    
    



counterfeit or counterfeit Party A&rsquo;s products. If Party B discovers that the intellectual property rights attached to Party A&rsquo;s
sales commodities have been infringed by third parties
 Party B shall be obliged to notify Party A;


A&rsquo;s products through other channels and mix them into the products supplied by Party A directly. Otherwise
 Party A has the right
to terminate the cooperation.


publicity materials for Party A
 it must be submitted to Party A for examination and approval
 and it must be issued only with
the written permission of Party A;


contract or engage in other civil acts with a third party in the name of Party A
 nor shall Party A bear legal liability for any
economic or civil dispute between Party B and any third party.




of the distributor
 Party A has the right to adjust the product price due to special circumstances such as changes in the market
environment
 changes in supply and demand
 and government policies. Party A will strictly observe the following commitments when
adjusting the product price system:



    
    



information seven working days before the formal adjustment of the product price system.


price difference compensation for all the products that Party B has purchased after the new price system has been adjusted.




of goods seven days in advance.


cash
 cash and cash to delivery.




seven days in advance of the products required by Party B
 specifying the type
 quantity and time of the goods to be shipped.
Party A is responsible for delivering goods on time to the warehouse where Party B is located(in the urban area). The freight
charges shall be borne by Party B.


B cause damage in transit
 Party B shall accept and accept the goods on the spot upon receipt. The name and quantity of the damaged
products shall be signed and approved by the shipping party and Party A shall be notified on the same day. The Party A and the
shipping party shall clearly deal with the responsibility.



    
    





professional staff for the operation of the market in order to develop and manage the market effectively.


to borrow money from Party B. If it appears
 it will be a private act. Party A will not bear any responsibility or loss arising
therefrom.


A is reflected in the official written documents. Party A does not recognize all oral commitments.




by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Both parties shall not breach the contract.




or the performance of this contract shall be settled amicably through negotiation. The two parties shall be invalidated by negotiation
and both parties agree to bring a lawsuit in the people&rsquo;s court of the place where Party A operates.


contract


by each Party A and B
 and shall take effect on the day following the signature and seal of this Contract.


October 3
 2016 to October 2
 2017.



    
    





part of this Contract and has the same legal effect as this Contract.


 the two
parties shall reach agreement through consultation and conclude a separate subsidiary agreement to the distribution contract.





Party
    A(Stamp):
Party
    B(Stamp):

    
    

    
    

    
    

Representative:
    Qi Shanping
Representative:
    Yangfei

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Signature: 3 October
    2016
Signature: 3 October
    2016




    











 DATED AS OF OCTOBER 3
 2017
 BY AND BETWEEN THE REGISTRANT AND NEW VENUS TRADE(FUJIAN) GROUP CO.
 LTD



     




Business
Agreement

Supplier:
Fenyang Huaxin Wine Industry Development Co. Ltd.(hereinafter referred to as Party A)

Distributor:
New Venus Trade(Fujian) Group Co.
 Ltd.(hereinafter referred to as Party B)

Party
B
 as a distributor of Party A
 shall agree upon the following terms and conditions for the distribution of Party A&rsquo;s alcoholic
products.

Products
prices
 distribution areas

1)
Distribution of products



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

53&#24230;&#22823;&#32568;&#37202;
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&#24067;&#33713;&#39039;.05&#29645;&#34255;
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


2
distribution area/channel

Party
A authorizes Party B to distribute the area nationwide
 and the authorized period is from October 3
 2017 to October 2
 2018.

Sales
assignments throughout the year

Party
B ensures that the annual marketing target is 8 million yuan.


    
    


III.
Distribution qualifications

L
Party B must have good capital strength;

2
agree with the brand and value of Party A
 with a sincere desire for cooperation;

3
identify and actively cooperate with the company&rsquo;s effective operating policy
 market strategy and operating mode;

4
has the independent legal person qualification
 has the fixed business place.

Rights
and Obligations of Party A

Party
A guarantees that the products provided conform to the quality and hygiene standards stipulated by the State;

Party
A shall provide a full set of Party A series of liquor sold by Party A legal operating procedures;

Party
A provides quality service to Party B in arranging product delivery and after-sales service.

Party
A has the obligation to provide correct and scientific guidance to Party B&rsquo;s business operations and inventory management. With
the development of cooperation between the two parties and the development requirements of the market at different stages
 Party
A will give Party B guidance and support in establishing and improving the sales system
 settlement system
 logistics system
etc..

Party
A is obliged to maintain Party B&rsquo;s sales channels and price stability;


    
    


6.
In order to ensure Party B&rsquo;s market resources
 Party A does not sell or authorize others to sell products within Party B&rsquo;s authorized
area(except Party A products that are not authorized to be sold by Party B);

Party
A shall be obliged to assist Party B in making sales promotion plans and assisting Party B in marketing promotion.

V.
The rights and obligations of Party B

Rights
of Party B

(1)
enjoy the right to distribute the products in the special area as stipulated in Article 2 of this Contract;

(2)
enjoy the rights stipulated in all the incentive clauses of Party A&rsquo;s marketing plan;

(3)
Party B shall have the right to put forward opinions and suggestions on the internal quality and the quality of the overpack of
the products in the operation of Party A.

Obligations
of Party B

(1)
Party A shall be provided with business licenses and other legal and valid business certificates
 and shall strictly observe the
relevant laws
 regulations and industry norms of the State and conduct law-abiding operations;


    
    


(2)
Party B shall sell the series of products planned by Party A in accordance with the areas and guiding prices specified in the
contract
 and shall not sell or sell at low prices across regions; The first warning is issued
 and the dumped product is repurchased
by Party B according to the market price; The second finds that Party A reserves the right to recover losses caused to Party A
by Party B&rsquo;s destruction of the market price
 except for the deduction of Party B&rsquo;s margin.

(3)
Party B shall sell Party A&rsquo;s planned series of products in accordance with the areas and guiding prices stipulated in the contract.
Sales across regions and low Party B shall be strictly prohibited. Party A shall sell Party A&rsquo;s products at the request of Party
A
 and shall return funds to Party A according to the schedule specified in the contract to ensure safe inventory;

(4)
Strictly observe the relevant provisions of Party A&rsquo;s marketing plan on the maintenance of marketing order and the restraint of
dealer behavior;

(5)
Party B has the obligation to cooperate fully with Party A in the activities of market management
 market promotion and market
development;

(6)
Party B shall actively cooperate with Party A under the guidance of Party A
 provide sufficient storage space for product turnover
in strict accordance with Party A&rsquo;s requirements
 and have the obligation to provide Party A with the original documents for the
flow of goods;


    
    


(7)
consciously maintain the image and reputation of Party A and its products
 handle the complaints and related service requests
of the end users of the products in the agency area under the guidance of Party A
 and do a good job of coordinating the supervision
and inspection of the relevant departments;

(8)
Party B shall provide Party A with relevant sales data and competitive products for Party A to analyze and formulate sales strategies;

(9)
Party B shall not sell products of counterfeit or counterfeit Party A&rsquo;s products. If Party B discovers that the intellectual property
rights attached to Party A&rsquo;s sales commodities have been infringed by third parties
 Party B shall be obliged to notify Party
A;

(10)
Party B shall not purchase Party A&rsquo;s products through other channels and mix them into the products supplied by Party A directly.
Otherwise
 Party A has the right to terminate the cooperation.

(11)
Before Party B prints all kinds of publicity materials for Party A
 it must be submitted to Party A for examination and approval
and it must be issued only with the written permission of Party A;

(12)
Party A shall not enter into an economic contract or engage in other civil acts with a third party in the name of Party A
 nor
shall Party A bear legal liability for any economic or civil dispute between Party B and any third party.


    
    


Price
adjustment of products

In
order to fully protect the interests of the distributor
 Party A has the right to adjust the product price due to special circumstances
such as changes in the market environment
 changes in supply and demand
 and government policies. Party A will strictly observe
the following commitments when adjusting the product price system:

Inform
Party B of the price adjustment information seven working days before the formal adjustment of the product price system.

Party
A shall not be responsible for the price difference compensation for all the products that Party B has purchased after the new
price system has been adjusted.

VII.
Means of delivery and settlement

Party
A shall arrange the shipment within 48 hours from the date of receiving Party B&rsquo;s order.

Party
B shall make settlement by cash or bank transfer.

VIII.
Logistics

The
type
 quantity and time of the goods required by Party B shall be specified so that Party A can arrange delivery. Party A is responsible
for delivering goods on time to the warehouse where Party B is located(in the city).


    
    


If
the goods supplied by Party A to Party B cause damage in transit
 Party B shall accept and accept the goods on the spot upon receipt.
The name and quantity of the damaged products shall be signed and approved by the shipping party and Party A shall be notified
on the same day. The Party A and the shipping party shall clearly deal with the responsibility.

IX.
Market Management

Staffing:
Party B shall maintain the necessary professional staff for the operation of the market in order to develop and manage the market
effectively.

Party
A&rsquo;s staff is strictly forbidden to borrow money from Party B. If it appears
 it will be a private act. Party A will not bear any
responsibility or loss arising therefrom.

Liability
for breach of contract

Party
A and Party B shall strictly abide by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Both parties shall not breach the contract.

Settlement
of disputes

The
disputes arising from this contract or the performance of this contract shall be settled amicably through negotiation. The two
parties shall be invalidated and agree to bring a lawsuit in the people&rsquo;s court of the place where Party A is located.


    
    


Entry
into force and continuation of the contract

This
contract shall be executed in duplicate by each party
 and shall take effect on the day following the signature and seal of this
contract.

XIII.
Other

If
matters are not completed
 the two parties shall reach agreement through consultation and conclude a separate subsidiary agreement
to the distribution contract. After the two parties have stamped the official seal
 they shall have the same legal effect as this
contract.



Party A(official
    seal):
    
Party B(official
    seal):

    
    
    

Legal representative(signature):
    Qi Shanping
    
    

    
    
    

Legal representative(signature):
    Yangfei
    
    

    
    
    

October 3
 2017
    
October 3
 2017



    











 DATED AS OF OCTOBER 19
 2017
 BY AND BETWEEN THE REGISTRANT AND NEW VENUS TRADE(FUJIAN) GROUP CO.
 LTD



     




Business
Agreement

Supplier:
Fenyang Jinqiang Liquor Co. Ltd.(hereinafter referred to as Party A)

Distributor:
New Venus Trade(Fujian) Group Co.
 Ltd.(hereinafter referred to as Party B)

Party
B
 as a distributor of Party A
 shall agree upon the following terms and conditions for the distribution of Party A&rsquo;s alcoholic
products.

Products
prices
 distribution areas

1)
Distribution of products



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


distribution
area/channel

Party
A authorizes Party B to distribute the area nationwide for the period from October 19
 2017 to October 18
 2018.

Sales
assignments throughout the year

Party
B ensures that the annual marketing target is 800
000 yuan.


    
    


III.
Distribution qualifications

L
Party B must have good capital strength;

2
agree with the brand and value of Party A
 with a sincere desire for cooperation;

3
identify and actively cooperate with the company&rsquo;s effective operating policy
 market strategy and operating mode;

4
has the independent legal person qualification
 has the fixed business place.

Rights
and Obligations of Party A

Party
A guarantees that the products provided conform to the quality and hygiene standards stipulated by the State;

Party
A shall provide a full set of Party A series of liquor sold by Party A legal operating procedures;

Party
A provides quality service to Party B in arranging product delivery and after-sales service.

Party
A has the obligation to provide correct and scientific guidance to Party B&rsquo;s business operations and inventory management. With
the development of cooperation between the two parties and the development requirements of the market at different stages
 Party
A will give Party B guidance and support in establishing and improving the sales system
 settlement system
 logistics system
etc..

Party
A is obliged to maintain Party B&rsquo;s sales channels and price stability;


    
    


6.
In order to ensure Party B&rsquo;s market resources
 Party A does not sell or authorize others to sell products within Party B&rsquo;s authorized
area(except Party A products that are not authorized to be sold by Party B);

Party
A shall be obliged to assist Party B in making sales promotion plans and assisting Party B in marketing promotion.

V.
The rights and obligations of Party B

Rights
of Party B

(1)
enjoy the right to distribute the products in the special area as stipulated in Article 2 of this Contract;

(2)
enjoy the rights stipulated in all the incentive clauses of Party A&rsquo;s marketing plan;

(3)
Party B shall have the right to put forward opinions and suggestions on the internal quality and the quality of the overpack of
the products in the operation of Party A.


    
    


Obligations
of Party B

(1)
Party A shall be provided with business licenses and other legal and valid business certificates
 and shall strictly observe the
relevant laws
 regulations and industry norms of the State and conduct law-abiding operations;

(2)
Party B shall sell the series of products planned by Party A in accordance with the areas and guiding prices specified in the
contract
 and shall not sell or sell at low prices across regions; The first warning is issued
 and the dumped product is repurchased
by Party B according to the market price; The second finds that Party A reserves the right to recover losses caused to Party A
by Party B&rsquo;s destruction of the market price
 except for the deduction of Party B&rsquo;s margin.

(3)
Party B shall sell Party A&rsquo;s planned series of products in accordance with the areas and guiding prices stipulated in the contract.
Sales across regions and low Party B shall be strictly prohibited. Party A shall sell Party A&rsquo;s products at the request of Party
A
 and shall return funds to Party A according to the schedule specified in the contract to ensure safe inventory;

(4)
Strictly observe the relevant provisions of Party A&rsquo;s marketing plan on the maintenance of marketing order and the restraint of
dealer behavior;

(5)
Party B has the obligation to cooperate fully with Party A in the activities of market management
 market promotion and market
development;

(6)
Party B shall actively cooperate with Party A under the guidance of Party A
 provide sufficient storage space for product turnover
in strict accordance with Party A&rsquo;s requirements
 and have the obligation to provide Party A with the original documents for the
flow of goods;


    
    


(7)
consciously maintain the image and reputation of Party A and its products
 handle the complaints and related service requests
of the end users of the products in the agency area under the guidance of Party A
 and do a good job of coordinating the supervision
and inspection of the relevant departments;

(8)
Party B shall provide Party A with relevant sales data and competitive products for Party A to analyze and formulate sales strategies;

(9)
Party B shall not sell products of counterfeit or counterfeit Party A&rsquo;s products. If Party B discovers that the intellectual property
rights attached to Party A&rsquo;s sales commodities have been infringed by third parties
 Party B shall be obliged to notify Party
A;

(10)
Party B shall not purchase Party A&rsquo;s products through other channels and mix them into the products supplied by Party A directly.
Otherwise
 Party A has the right to terminate the cooperation.

(11)
Before Party B prints all kinds of publicity materials for Party A
 it must be submitted to Party A for examination and approval
and it must be issued only with the written permission of Party A;

(12)
Party A shall not enter into an economic contract or engage in other civil acts with a third party in the name of Party A
 nor
shall Party A bear legal liability for any economic or civil dispute between Party B and any third party.


    
    


Price
adjustment of products

In
order to fully protect the interests of the distributor
 Party A has the right to adjust the product price due to special circumstances
such as changes in the market environment
 changes in supply and demand
 and government policies. Party A will strictly observe
the following commitments when adjusting the product price system:

Inform
Party B of the price adjustment information seven working days before the formal adjustment of the product price system.

Party
A shall not be responsible for the price difference compensation for all the products that Party B has purchased after the new
price system has been adjusted.

VII.
Means of delivery and settlement

Party
A shall arrange the shipment within 48 hours from the date of receiving Party B&rsquo;s order.

Party
B shall make settlement by cash or bank transfer.

VIII.
Logistics

The
type
 quantity and time of the goods required by Party B shall be specified so that Party A can arrange delivery. Party A is responsible
for delivering goods on time to the warehouse where Party B is located(in the city).


    
    


If
the goods supplied by Party A to Party B cause damage in transit
 Party B shall accept and accept the goods on the spot upon receipt.
The name and quantity of the damaged products shall be signed and approved by the shipping party and Party A shall be notified
on the same day. The Party A and the shipping party shall clearly deal with the responsibility.

IX.
Market Management

Staffing:
Party B shall maintain the necessary professional staff for the operation of the market in order to develop and manage the market
effectively.

Party
A&rsquo;s staff is strictly forbidden to borrow money from Party B. If it appears
 it will be a private act. Party A will not bear any
responsibility or loss arising therefrom.

Liability
for breach of contract

Party
A and Party B shall strictly abide by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Both parties shall not breach the contract.

Settlement
of disputes

The
disputes arising from this contract or the performance of this contract shall be settled amicably through negotiation. The two
parties shall be invalidated and agree to bring a lawsuit in the people&rsquo;s court of the place where Party A is located.


    
    


Entry
into force and continuation of the contract

This
contract shall be executed in duplicate by each party
 and shall take effect on the day following the signature and seal of this
contract.

XIII.
Other

If
matters are not completed
 the two parties shall reach agreement through consultation and conclude a separate subsidiary agreement
to the distribution contract. After the two parties have stamped the official seal
 they shall have the same legal effect as this
contract.



Party
        A(official seal):
    
Party
    B(official seal):

    
    
    

Legal
    Representative(signature):     Dengjianmin
    
    

    
    
    

Legal
    Representative(signature): Yangfei
    
    

    
    
    

19
    October 2017
    
19
    October 2017



    











 DATED AS OF MAY 7
 2018
 BY AND BETWEEN THE REGISTRANT AND SHANGHAI BAIWANG TRADING CO. LTD



     







Wine Industry Development Co. Ltd.(hereinafter referred to as Party A)


Trading Co. Ltd.(hereinafter referred to as Party B)




laws and regulations
 in order to maintain the normal market order and ensure the economic benefits of both parties
 after friendly
negotiations between both parties
 in accordance with the principle of mutual benefit
 the following agreement was reached on
the sale of Party A&rsquo;s series of products.


 sales area


 products



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    



 develop sales area/channel


B to sell the entire territory within the whole country(administrative division).




annual marketing target is 5 million yuan.


Party B


 Party B must have good
financial strength;


 agree with the brand
and value of Party A
 with a sincere desire for cooperation;


 have first-and second-line
liquor brand sales
 agency experience and have good sales performance and reputation;


 and control
of channels


 has its own management
of hotels
 Shangchao
 zero batches
 nightclubs
 group buying and customization and other channels
 and outstanding channel control
capabilities;


 identify and actively
cooperate with the company&rsquo;s effective operating policy
 market strategy and operating mode;


 has the independent
legal person qualification
 has the fixed business place
 the storage place
 the distribution vehicle and the sales team.



    
    



of Party A


that the products provided meet the quality and hygiene standards stipulated by the State;


legal operation procedures for Party A series of wine sold by Party B;


service to Party B in arranging product delivery and after-sales service;


to provide correct and scientific guidance to Party B&rsquo;s business operations and inventory management. With the development of
cooperation between the two parties and the development requirements of the market at different stages
 Party A will give Party
B technical guidance in establishing and improving the sales system
 settlement system
 logistics system
 etc..


to maintain Party B&rsquo;s sales channels and price stability;


Party B&rsquo;s market resources
 Party A shall not sell or authorize others to sell products within Party B&rsquo;s authorized area(except
Party A products that Party B has not authorized to sell)
 However
 Party A uses the e-commerce platform and its associated offline
channels to sell its own products in the authorized area;


to assist Party B in formulating a sales promotion plan and assisting Party B in carrying out marketing promotion work;


exchange the product due to market reasons
 he must apply one month in advance. The exchange of the product does not affect the
second sale
 and the total amount of each exchange does not exceed 10
000 yuan. The freight cost shall be borne by Party B.



    
    



of Party B




of sale of the specified products in the designated area as stipulated herein;


in all the incentive clauses of Party A&rsquo;s marketing plan;


the right to put forward opinions and suggestions on the internal quality and the quality of the overpack of the products in the
operation of Party A.




with business licenses and other legal and valid business certificates
 and shall strictly observe the relevant laws
 regulations
and industry norms of the State and conduct law-abiding operations;


the series of products planned by Party A in accordance with the areas and guiding prices specified in the contract
 and shall
not sell or sell at low prices across regions; The first warning is issued
 and the dumped product is repurchased by Party B according
to the market price; The second finds that Party A reserves the right to recover losses caused to Party A by Party B&rsquo;s destruction
of the market price
 except for the deduction of Party B&rsquo;s margin.



    
    



Party A&rsquo;s products at the request of Party A;


Party A&rsquo;s marketing plan on the maintenance of marketing order and related provisions;


to cooperate fully with Party A in the activities of market management
 market promotion and market development;


cooperate with Party A under the guidance of Party A
 establish relevant distribution systems
 strictly carry out goods distribution
and network coverage services in accordance with Party A&rsquo;s requirements
 and provide sufficient storage space for product turnover.
And is obliged to provide Party A with the original documents of the direction of the goods;


the image and reputation of Party A and its products
 handle the complaints and related service requests of the end users of the
products in the agency area under the guidance of Party A
 and do a good job of coordinating the supervision and inspection of
the relevant departments;



    
    



Party A with relevant sales data and competitive products for Party A to analyze and formulate sales strategies;


sell products of counterfeit or counterfeit Party A&rsquo;s products. If Party B discovers that the intellectual property rights attached
to Party A&rsquo;s sales commodities have been infringed by third parties
 Party B shall be obliged to notify Party A;


purchase Party A&rsquo;s products through other channels and mix them into the products supplied by Party A directly. Otherwise
 Party
A has the right to terminate the cooperation.


all kinds of publicity materials for Party A
 it must be submitted to Party A for examination and approval
 and it must be issued
only with the written permission of Party A;


enter into an economic contract or engage in other civil acts with a third party in the name of Party A
 nor shall Party A bear
legal liability for any economic or civil dispute between Party B and any third party.



    
    



prices


the interests of the distributor
 Party A has the right to adjust the product price due to special circumstances such as changes
in the market environment
 changes in supply and demand
 and government policies. Party A will strictly observe the following
commitments when adjusting the product price system:


price adjustment information seven working days before the formal adjustment of the product price system.


for the price difference compensation for all the products that Party B has purchased after the new price system has been adjusted.


methods


required list of goods seven days in advance.


settlement by cash
 cash and cash to delivery.




A in writing seven days in advance of the products required by Party B
 specifying the type
 quantity and time of the goods to
be shipped. Party A is responsible for delivering goods on time to the warehouse where Party B is located(in the urban area).
The freight charges shall be borne by Party B.


by Party A to Party B cause damage in transit
 Party B shall accept and accept the goods on the spot upon receipt. The name and
quantity of the damaged products shall be signed and approved by the shipping party and Party A shall be notified on the same
day. The Party A and the shipping party shall clearly deal with the responsibility.



    
    





maintain the necessary professional staff for the operation of the market in order to develop and manage the market effectively.


forbidden to borrow money from Party B. If it appears
 it will be a private act. Party A will not bear any responsibility or loss
arising therefrom.


provided by Party A is reflected in formal written documents. Party A does not recognize all oral commitments.


contract


strictly abide by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Both parties shall not breach the contract.




this contract or the performance of this contract shall be settled amicably through negotiation. The two parties shall be nullified
by negotiation and both parties agree to complete the litigation at the place where Party A operates.


of the contract


executed in triplicate by each Party A and B
 and shall take effect on the day following the signature and seal of this Contract.


valid for a period of one year from May 7
 2018 to May 6
 2019.





    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Entrusted agent: Qi
    Shanping
    

    
    

Signing date: May 7
    2018
Signing date: May 7
    2018




    











 DATED AS OF MAY 19
 2018
 BY AND BETWEEN THE REGISTRANT AND SHANGHAI BAIWANG TRADING CO. LTD



     







Jinqiang Liquor Co. Ltd.(hereinafter referred to as Party A)


Baiwang Trading Co. Ltd.(hereinafter referred to as Party B)




laws and regulations
 in order to maintain the normal market order and ensure the economic benefits of both parties
 after friendly
negotiations between both parties
 in accordance with the principle of mutual benefit
 the following agreement was reached on
the sale of Party A&rsquo;s series of products.


 sales area


 products



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    



 develop sales area/channel


territory within the whole country (administrative division).




target is 3 million yuan.




 Party B must have good financial strength;


 agree with the brand and value of Party
A
 with a sincere desire for cooperation;


 have first-and second-line liquor brand
sales
 agency experience and have good sales performance and reputation;


 and control of channels


 has its own management of hotels
 Shangchao
zero batches
 nightclubs
 group buying and customization and other channels
 and outstanding channel control capabilities;


 identify and actively cooperate with the
company&rsquo;s effective operating policy
 market strategy and operating mode;


 has the independent legal person qualification
has the fixed business place
 the storage place
 the distribution vehicle and the sales team.



    
    





provided meet the quality and hygiene standards stipulated by the State;


procedures for Party A series of wine sold by Party B;


B in arranging product delivery and after-sales service;


and scientific guidance to Party B&rsquo;s business operations and inventory management. With the development of cooperation between
the two parties and the development requirements of the market at different stages
 Party A will give Party B technical guidance
in establishing and improving the sales system
 settlement system
 logistics system
 etc..


B&rsquo;s sales channels and price stability;


Party A shall not sell or authorize others to sell products within Party B&rsquo;s authorized area(except Party A products that Party
B has not authorized to sell)
 However
 Party A uses the e-commerce platform and its associated offline channels to sell its own
products in the authorized area;


B in formulating a sales promotion plan and assisting Party B in carrying out marketing promotion work;



    
    



due to market reasons
 he must apply one month in advance. The exchange of the product does not affect the second sale
 and the
total amount of each exchange does not exceed 10
000 yuan. The freight cost shall be borne by Party B.






products in the designated area as stipulated herein;


incentive clauses of Party A&rsquo;s marketing plan;


opinions and suggestions on the internal quality and the quality of the overpack of the products in the operation of Party A.




licenses and other legal and valid business certificates
 and shall strictly observe the relevant laws
 regulations and industry
norms of the State and conduct law-abiding operations;



    
    



planned by Party A in accordance with the areas and guiding prices specified in the contract
 and shall not sell or sell at low
prices across regions; The first warning is issued
 and the dumped product is repurchased by Party B according to the market price;
The second finds that Party A reserves the right to recover losses caused to Party A by Party B&rsquo;s destruction of the market price
except for the deduction of Party B&rsquo;s margin.


at the request of Party A;


plan on the maintenance of marketing order and related provisions;


fully with Party A in the activities of market management
 market promotion and market development;


Party A under the guidance of Party A
 establish relevant distribution systems
 strictly carry out goods distribution and network
coverage services in accordance with Party A&rsquo;s requirements
 and provide sufficient storage space for product turnover. And is
obliged to provide Party A with the original documents of the direction of the goods;


of Party A and its products
 handle the complaints and related service requests of the end users of the products in the agency
area under the guidance of Party A
 and do a good job of coordinating the supervision and inspection of the relevant departments;



    
    



sales data and competitive products for Party A to analyze and formulate sales strategies;


or counterfeit Party A&rsquo;s products. If Party B discovers that the intellectual property rights attached to Party A&rsquo;s sales commodities
have been infringed by third parties
 Party B shall be obliged to notify Party A;


products through other channels and mix them into the products supplied by Party A directly. Otherwise
 Party A has the right
to terminate the cooperation.


materials for Party A
 it must be submitted to Party A for examination and approval
 and it must be issued only with the written
permission of Party A;


contract or engage in other civil acts with a third party in the name of Party A
 nor shall Party A bear legal liability for any
economic or civil dispute between Party B and any third party.




the distributor
 Party A has the right to adjust the product price due to special circumstances such as changes in the market
environment
 changes in supply and demand
 and government policies. Party A will strictly observe the following commitments when
adjusting the product price system:



    
    



seven working days before the formal adjustment of the product price system.


price difference compensation for all the products that Party B has purchased after the new price system has been adjusted.




goods seven days in advance.


cash and cash to delivery.




days in advance of the products required by Party B
 specifying the type
 quantity and time of the goods to be shipped. Party
A is responsible for delivering goods on time to the warehouse where Party B is located(in the urban area). The freight charges
shall be borne by Party B.


B cause damage in transit
 Party B shall accept and accept the goods on the spot upon receipt. The name and quantity of the damaged
products shall be signed and approved by the shipping party and Party A shall be notified on the same day. The Party A and the
shipping party shall clearly deal with the responsibility.



    
    





professional staff for the operation of the market in order to develop and manage the market effectively.


borrow money from Party B. If it appears
 it will be a private act. Party A will not bear any responsibility or loss arising therefrom.


A is reflected in formal written documents. Party A does not recognize all oral commitments.




by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Both parties shall not breach the contract.




the performance of this contract shall be settled amicably through negotiation. The two parties shall be nullified by negotiation
and both parties agree to complete the litigation at the place where Party A operates.


contract


by each Party A and B
 and shall take effect on the day following the signature and seal of this Contract.


of one year from May 19
 2018 to May 18
 2019.





    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Signature Date: May
    19
 2018
Signature Date: May
    19
 2018




    











 DATED AS OF AUGUST 2
 2017
 BY AND BETWEEN THE REGISTRANT AND SHANXI MONENG TRADING CO. LTD



     


Exhibit
10.22

Business
Agreement

Supplier:
Fenyang Jinqiang Liquor Co. Ltd.(hereinafter referred to as Party A)

Distributor:
Shanxi MoNeng Trading Co. Ltd.(hereinafter referred to as Party B)

General
provisions

The
two parties agree upon the following terms and conditions for Party B to deal with Party A&rsquo;s alcoholic products.

Products
prices
 distribution areas

1)
Distribution of products



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

42&#24230;&#21271;&#26041;&#28903;
    (&#20083;)
    
    
    

42&#24230;&#26447;&#33457;&#28304;
    (12&#29942;&#35013;)
    
    
    

42&#24230;&#26447;&#33457;&#28304;
    (6&#29942;&#35013;)
    
    
    

42&#24230;&#26447;&#33457;&#28304;
    (&#31036;&#30418;)
    
    
    

53&#24230;&#26447;&#33457;&#28304;
    (&#31036;&#30418;)
    
    
    

42&#24230;&#21407;&#37202;
    (V20)
    
    
    

45&#21407;&#37202;
    (V20)
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

53&#24230;&#21407;&#29983;&#24577;&#37202;
    (2&#29942;&#35013;)
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


2.
Distribution area/channel

Party
A authorizes Party B to distribute the area for Shanxi Rural E-business
 micro-business channels and catering chain industries
and the authorized period is from August 2
 2017 to August 1
 2018.



    
    


III.
Annual sales assignments

Party
B ensures that the annual marketing target is 800
000 yuan.

Distribution
qualifications

1
Party B must have good financial strength;

2
agree with the brand and value of Party A
 with a sincere desire for cooperation;

3
have first-and second-line liquor brand sales
 agency experience and have good sales performance and reputation;

4
identify and actively cooperate with the company&rsquo;s effective operating policy
 market strategy and operating model;

5
has the independent legal person qualification
 has the fixed business place and the sales team.

Rights
and Obligations of Party A

Party
A guarantees that the products provided conform to the quality and hygiene standards stipulated by the State;

Party
A shall provide a full set of Party A series of liquor sold by Party A legal operating procedures;

Party
A provides quality service to Party B in arranging product delivery and after-sales service.



    
    


Party
A has the obligation to provide correct and scientific guidance to Party B&rsquo;s business operations and inventory management. With
the development of cooperation between the two parties and the development requirements of the market at different stages
 Party
A will give Party B guidance and support in establishing and improving the sales system
 settlement system
 logistics system
etc..

Party
A is obliged to maintain Party B&rsquo;s sales channels and price stability;

In
order to ensure Party B&rsquo;s market resources
 Party A shall not sell or authorize others to sell products within Party B&rsquo;s authorized
area(except Party A products that Party B has not authorized to sell).

Party
A shall be obliged to assist Party B in making sales promotion plans and assisting Party B in marketing promotion.

Rights
and obligations of Party B

1.
Party B&rsquo;s rights

(1)
enjoy the right to distribute the products in the special area as stipulated in Article 2 of this Contract;

(2)
enjoy the rights stipulated in all the incentive clauses of Party A&rsquo;s marketing plan;

(3)
Party B shall have the right to put forward opinions and suggestions on the internal quality and the quality of the overpack of
the products in the operation of Party A.



    
    


Obligations
of Party B

(1)
Party A shall be provided with business licenses and other legal and valid business certificates
 and the well shall conduct law-abiding
operations in strict compliance with relevant laws and regulations of the State and industry norms;

(2)
Party B shall sell the series of products planned by Party A in accordance with the areas and guiding prices specified in the
contract
 and shall not sell or sell at low prices across regions; The first warning is issued
 and the dumped product is repurchased
by Party B according to the market price; The second time found that Party A reserves the right to recover losses caused to Party
A by Party B&rsquo;s destruction of market prices;

(3)
Party B shall sell Party A&rsquo;s products at the request of Party A
 and shall return the payment to Party A according to the schedule
stipulated in the contract to ensure safe inventory;

(4)
Strictly observe the relevant provisions of Party A&rsquo;s marketing plan on the maintenance of marketing order and the restraint of
dealer behavior;

(5)
Party B has the obligation to cooperate fully with Party A in the activities of market management
 market promotion and market
development;



    
    


(6)
Party B shall actively cooperate with Party A under the guidance of Party A
 provide sufficient storage space for product turnover
in strict accordance with Party A&rsquo;s requirements
 and have the obligation to provide Party A with the original documents for the
flow of goods;

(7)
consciously maintain the image and reputation of Party A and its products
 and handle the complaints and related service requests
of the end users of the products in the distribution area under the guidance of Party A
 and do a good job of coordinating the
supervision and inspection of the relevant departments;

(8)
Party B shall provide Party A with relevant sales data and competitive products for Party A to analyze and formulate sales strategies;

(9)
Party B shall not sell products of counterfeit or counterfeit Party A&rsquo;s products. If Party B discovers that the intellectual property
rights attached to Party A&rsquo;s sales commodities have been infringed by third parties
 Party B shall be obliged to notify Party
A;

(10)
Party B shall not purchase Party A&rsquo;s products through other channels and mix them into the products supplied directly by Party
A
 otherwise Party A has the right to terminate the cooperation;

(11)
Before Party B prints all kinds of publicity materials for Party A
 it must be submitted to Party A for examination and approval
and it must be issued only with the written permission of Party A;



    
    


(12)
Party A shall not enter into an economic contract or engage in other civil acts with a third party in the name of Party A
 nor
shall Party A bear legal liability for any economic or civil dispute between Party B and any third party.

VII.
Adjustment of product prices

In
order to fully protect the interests of the distributor
 Party A has the right to adjust the product price due to special circumstances
such as changes in the market environment
 changes in supply and demand
 and government policies. Party A will strictly observe
the following commitments when adjusting the product price system:

Inform
Party B of the price adjustment information seven working days before the formal adjustment of the product price system.

Party
A shall not be responsible for the price difference compensation for all the products that Party B has purchased after the new
price system has been adjusted.

VIII.
Delivery and settlement methods

Party
A shall arrange the shipment within 48 hours from the date of receiving Party B&rsquo;s order.

Party
B shall settle the account by cash or bank transfer
 and Party B shall settle the settlement with Party A within 48 hours after
receiving payment through its channels.



    
    


IX.
Logistics

The
type
 quantity and time of the goods required by Party B shall be specified so that Party A can arrange delivery. Party A is responsible
for delivering goods on time to the warehouse where Party B is located(in the city).

If
the goods supplied by Party A to Party B cause damage in transit
 Party B shall accept and accept the goods on the spot upon receipt.
The name and quantity of the damaged products shall be signed and approved by the shipping party and Party A shall be notified
on the same day. The Party A and the shipping party shall clearly deal with the responsibility.

Market
management

Staffing:
Party B shall maintain the necessary professional staff for the operation of the market in order to develop and manage the market
effectively.

Party
A&rsquo;s staff is strictly forbidden to borrow money from Party B. If it appears
 it will be a private act. Party A will not bear any
responsibility or loss arising therefrom.

Liability
for breach of contract

Party
A and Party B shall strictly abide by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Both parties shall not breach the contract.



    
    


Settlement
of disputes

The
disputes arising from this contract or the performance of this contract shall be settled amicably through negotiation. The two
parties shall be invalidated and agree to bring a lawsuit in the people&rsquo;s court of the place where Party A is located.

Entry
into force and continuation of the contract

This
contract shall be executed in duplicate by both parties
 A and B
 and shall take effect from the date of signature or seal of
this contract. XIV. Other

If
matters are not completed
 the two parties shall reach agreement through consultation and conclude a separate subsidiary agreement
to the distribution contract. After the two parties have stamped the official seal
 they shall have the same legal effect as this
contract.




Party
    A(official seal)
    
Party
    B(official seal)


Legal
representative: Dengjianmin Legal representative: Yuxiujuan



August
    2
 2017
    
August
    2
 2017
















 DATED AS OF NOVEMBER 21
 2017
 BY AND BETWEEN THE REGISTRANT AND SHANXI MONENG TRADING CO. LTD



     








    
    
    

    
    
    





&#32463;&#21327;&#21830;&#19968;&#33268;
&#36798;&#25104;&#22914;&#19979;&#26465;&#27454;
&#20849;&#21516;&#36981;&#23432;&#25191;&#34892;&#12290;







    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    





&#25480;&#26435;&#26399;&#38480;&#20026;&#33258;2017&#24180;11&#26376;21&#26085;&#33267;2018&#24180;11&#26376;20&#26085;&#12290;










&#20855;&#26377;&#30495;&#35802;&#30340;&#21512;&#20316;&#24895;&#26395;;






&#26377;&#22266;&#23450;&#30340;&#32463;&#33829;&#22330;&#25152;&#21450;&#38144;&#21806;&#38431;&#20237;&#12290;










&#38543;&#30528;&#21452;&#26041;&#21512;&#20316;&#30340;&#21457;&#23637;&#21450;&#24066;&#22330;&#19981;&#21516;&#38454;&#27573;&#30340;&#21457;&#23637;&#35201;&#27714;
&#30002;&#26041;&#23558;&#22312;&#24314;&#31435;&#21450;&#23436;&#21892;&#38144;&#21806;&#31995;&#32479;&#12289;&#32467;&#31639;&#31995;&#32479;&#12289;&#29289;&#27969;&#31995;&#32479;&#31561;&#26041;&#38754;&#32473;&#20104;&#20057;&#26041;&#25351;&#23548;&#21644;&#25903;&#25345;;




&#30002;&#26041;&#19981;&#22312;&#20057;&#26041;&#30340;&#25480;&#26435;&#21306;&#22495;&#20869;&#33258;&#24049;&#38144;&#21806;&#25110;&#32773;&#20877;&#25480;&#26435;&#20182;&#20154;&#38144;&#21806;&#20135;&#21697;(&#26410;&#25480;&#26435;&#20057;&#26041;&#38144;&#21806;&#30340;&#30002;&#26041;&#20135;&#21697;&#38500;&#22806;).


&#21327;&#21161;&#20057;&#26041;&#24320;&#23637;&#24066;&#22330;&#25512;&#24191;&#24037;&#20316;&#12290;&nbsp;










&#20057;&#26041;&#26377;&#23545;&#20135;&#21697;&#30340;&#20869;&#22312;&#36136;&#37327;&#12289;&#22806;&#21253;&#35013;&#36136;&#37327;&#25552;&#20986;&#24847;&#35265;&#21644;&#24314;&#35758;&#30340;&#26435;&#21033;&#12290;




&#20117;&#20005;&#26684;&#36981;&#23432;&#22269;&#23478;&#26377;&#20851;&#27861;&#24459;&#27861;&#35268;&#21450;&#34892;&#19994;&#35268;&#33539;
&#36827;&#34892;&#23432;&#27861;&#32463;&#33829;;


&#20005;&#31105;&#36328;&#21306;&#22495;&#38144;&#21806;&#12289;&#20302;&#20215;&#38144;&#21806;;&#31532;&#19968;&#27425;&#25552;&#20986;&#35686;&#21578;
&#21516;&#26102;&#30001;&#20057;&#26041;&#25353;&#29031;&#24066;&#22330;&#20215;&#26684;&#22238;&#36141;&#20542;&#38144;&#20135;&#21697;;&#31532;&#20108;&#27425;&#21457;&#29616;
&#30002;&#26041;&#26377;&#20445;&#30041;&#36861;&#20607;&#22240;&#20057;&#26041;&#30772;&#22351;&#24066;&#22330;&#20215;&#26684;&#32473;&#30002;&#26041;&#24102;&#26469;&#25439;&#22833;&#30340;&#26435;&#21033;;


&#21516;&#26102;&#35201;&#25353;&#21512;&#21516;&#35268;&#23450;&#30340;&#36827;&#24230;&#35745;&#21010;&#21521;&#30002;&#26041;&#22238;&#27454;
&#20445;&#35777;&#23433;&#20840;&#24211;&#23384;;



    
    





&#20057;&#26041;&#26377;&#20041;&#21153;&#20840;&#21147;&#37197;&#21512;;


&#20005;&#26684;&#25353;&#29031;&#30002;&#26041;&#35201;&#27714;&#25552;&#20379;&#36275;&#22815;&#20179;&#20648;&#31354;&#38388;&#29992;&#20110;&#20135;&#21697;&#21608;&#36716;
&#24182;&#26377;&#20041;&#21153;&#21521;&#30002;&#26041;&#22914;&#23454;&#25552;&#20379;&#36135;&#21697;&#27969;&#21521;&#30340;&#21407;&#22987;&#21333;&#25454;;


&#22312;&#30002;&#26041;&#25351;&#23548;&#19979;&#22788;&#29702;&#22909;&#20195;&#29702;&#32463;&#38144;&#21306;&#22495;&#20869;&#20135;&#21697;&#32456;&#31471;&#29992;&#25143;&#30340;&#25237;&#35785;&#19982;&#30456;&#20851;&#26381;&#21153;&#35831;&#27714;
&#24182;&#20570;&#22909;&#26377;&#20851;&#37096;&#38376;&#30417;&#30563;&#26816;&#26597;&#30340;&#37197;&#21512;&#24037;&#20316;;


&#20197;&#20379;&#30002;&#26041;&#36827;&#34892;&#20998;&#26512;&#19982;&#21046;&#23450;&#38144;&#21806;&#31574;&#30053;;


&#22914;&#20057;&#26041;&#21457;&#29616;&#30002;&#26041;&#30340;&#38144;&#21806;&#21830;&#21697;&#19978;&#38468;&#30528;&#30340;&#30693;&#35782;&#20135;&#26435;&#36973;&#21040;&#31532;&#19977;&#26041;&#20405;&#23475;
&#20854;&#26377;&#20041;&#21153;&#36890;&#30693;&#30002;&#26041;;


&#28151;&#20837;&#30001;&#30002;&#26041;&#30452;&#20379;&#30340;&#20135;&#21697;&#20013;&#38144;&#21806;
&#21542;&#21017;&#30002;&#26041;&#26377;&#26435;&#32456;&#27490;&#21512;&#20316;;


&#24182;&#32463;&#30002;&#26041;&#20070;&#38754;&#35768;&#21487;&#21518;&#26041;&#33021;&#21457;&#24067;;


&#30002;&#26041;&#20134;&#26080;&#39035;&#20026;&#20057;&#26041;&#19982;&#20219;&#20309;&#31532;&#19977;&#20154;&#21457;&#29983;&#30340;&#32463;&#27982;&#25110;&#27665;&#20107;&#32416;&#32439;&#25215;&#25285;&#27861;&#24459;&#36131;&#20219;&#12290;




&#30002;&#26041;&#22914;&#26524;&#22240;&#24066;&#22330;&#29615;&#22659;&#21464;&#21270;&#12289;&#20379;&#27714;&#20851;&#31995;&#21464;&#21270;&#12289;&#25919;&#24220;&#25919;&#31574;&#31561;&#29305;&#27530;&#24773;&#20917;
&#30002;&#26041;&#26377;&#26435;&#23545;&#20135;&#21697;&#20215;&#26684;&#36827;&#34892;&#35843;&#25972;
&#30002;&#26041;&#22312;&#23545;&#20135;&#21697;&#20215;&#26684;&#20307;&#31995;&#36827;&#34892;&#35843;&#25972;&#26102;
&#23558;&#20005;&#26684;&#36981;&#23432;&#20197;&#19979;&#25215;&#35834;:




&#30002;&#26041;&#19981;&#36127;&#36131;&#23545;&#20057;&#26041;&#24050;&#32463;&#37319;&#36141;&#30340;&#20840;&#37096;&#35843;&#20215;&#21518;&#20135;&#21697;&#36827;&#34892;&#24046;&#20215;&#34917;&#20607;&#12290;






&#20057;&#26041;&#33258;&#25910;&#21040;&#20854;&#28192;&#36947;&#32467;&#31639;&#30340;&#36135;&#27454;&#21518;48&#23567;&#26102;&#20043;&#20869;&#21521;&#30002;&#26041;&#32467;&#31639;&#12290;




&#20197;&#20415;&#30002;&#26041;&#23433;&#25490;&#21457;&#36135;&#12290;&#30002;&#26041;&#36127;&#36131;&#25353;&#26102;&#36865;&#36135;&#21040;&#20057;&#26041;&#25152;&#22312;&#22320;(&#24066;&#21306;&#20869;)&#30340;&#20179;&#24211;&#12290;


&#20057;&#26041;&#24212;&#22312;&#25910;&#21040;&#36135;&#29289;&#26102;&#24403;&#22330;&#39564;&#25910;
&#25439;&#22351;&#30340;&#20135;&#21697;&#21517;&#31216;&#21450;&#25968;&#37327;&#30001;&#36816;&#36755;&#26041;&#31614;&#23383;&#35748;&#21487;
&#24182;&#20110;&#24403;&#26085;&#36890;&#30693;&#30002;&#26041;
&#30001;&#30002;&#26041;&#19982;&#36816;&#36755;&#26041;&#26126;&#30830;&#36131;&#20219;&#21518;&#22788;&#29702;&#12290;



    
    





&#20197;&#20415;&#23545;&#24066;&#22330;&#36827;&#34892;&#26377;&#25928;&#24320;&#21457;&#21644;&#31649;&#29702;&#12290;


&#22914;&#26377;&#20986;&#29616;
&#22343;&#23646;&#31169;&#20154;&#34892;&#20026;
&#30002;&#26041;&#19981;&#25215;&#25285;&#30001;&#27492;&#24102;&#26469;&#30340;&#20219;&#20309;&#36131;&#20219;&#21644;&#25439;&#22833;&#12290;




&#21452;&#26041;&#19981;&#24471;&#36829;&#32422;
&#19968;&#26041;&#36829;&#32422;&#36896;&#25104;&#21478;&#19968;&#26041;&#32463;&#27982;&#25439;&#22833;&#30340;
&#25353;&#23454;&#38469;&#25439;&#22833;&#36180;&#20607;&#12290;




&#21452;&#26041;&#21327;&#21830;&#26080;&#25928;
&#21452;&#26041;&#21516;&#24847;&#22312;&#30002;&#26041;&#25152;&#22312;&#22320;&#20154;&#27665;&#27861;&#38498;&#25552;&#36215;&#35785;&#35772;&#12290;




&#30002;
&#20057;&#21452;&#26041;&#21508;&#25191;&#19968;&#20221;
&#33258;&#26412;&#21512;&#21516;&#31614;&#23383;&#25110;&#30422;&#31456;&#20043;&#26085;&#36215;&#29983;&#25928;&#12290;&#21313;&#22235;&#12289;&#20854;&#20182;


&#21452;&#26041;&#21327;&#21830;&#19968;&#33268;
&#21478;&#34892;&#31614;&#35746;&#32463;&#38144;&#21512;&#21516;&#38468;&#23646;&#21327;&#35758;
&#21452;&#26041;&#21152;&#30422;&#20844;&#31456;&#21518;&#19982;&#26412;&#21512;&#21516;&#19968;&#26679;&#20855;&#26377;&#21516;&#31561;&#27861;&#24459;&#25928;&#21147;&#12290;



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    





Wine Industry Development Co. Ltd.(hereinafter referred to as Party A)


Trading Co. Ltd.(hereinafter referred to as Party B)




upon the following terms and conditions for Party B to deal with Party A&rsquo;s alcoholic products.


 prices
 distribution
areas



    
    






    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    





areas of Shanxi Rural E-business
 micro-business channels and catering chain industries
 and the authorized period is from November
21
 2017 to November 20
 2018.



    
    





target is 10 million yuan.




 Party B must have good financial strength;


 agree with the brand and value of Party
A
 with a sincere desire for cooperation;


 have first-and second-line liquor brand
sales
 agency experience and have good sales performance and reputation;


 identify and actively cooperate with the
company&rsquo;s effective operating policy
 market strategy and operating model;


 has the independent legal person qualification
has the fixed business place and the sales team.




conform to the quality and hygiene standards stipulated by the State;


A series of liquor sold by Party A legal operating procedures;


B in arranging product delivery and after-sales service.


and scientific guidance to Party B&rsquo;s business operations and inventory management. With the development of cooperation between
the two parties and the development requirements of the market at different stages
 Party A will give Party B guidance and support
in establishing and improving the sales system
 settlement system
 logistics system
 etc..



    
    



channels and price stability;


Party A shall not sell or authorize others to sell products within Party B&rsquo;s authorized area(except Party A products that Party
B has not authorized to sell).


in making sales promotion plans and assisting Party B in marketing promotion.






in the special area as stipulated in Article 2 of this Contract;


incentive clauses of Party A&rsquo;s marketing plan;


opinions and suggestions on the internal quality and the quality of the overpack of the products in the operation of Party A.



    
    





licenses and other legal and valid business certificates
 and the well shall conduct law-abiding operations in strict compliance
with relevant laws and regulations of the State and industry norms;


planned by Party A in accordance with the areas and guiding prices specified in the contract
 and shall not sell or sell at low
prices across regions; The first warning is issued
 and the dumped product is repurchased by Party B according to the market price;
The second time found that Party A reserves the right to recover losses caused to Party A by Party B&rsquo;s destruction of market prices;


at the request of Party A
 and shall return the payment to Party A according to the schedule stipulated in the contract to ensure
safe inventory;


of Party A&rsquo;s marketing plan on the maintenance of marketing order and the restraint of dealer behavior;


fully with Party A in the activities of market management
 market promotion and market development;


Party A under the guidance of Party A
 provide sufficient storage space for product turnover in strict accordance with Party A&rsquo;s
requirements
 and have the obligation to provide Party A with the original documents for the flow of goods;



    
    



of Party A and its products
 and handle the complaints and related service requests of the end users of the products in the distribution
area under the guidance of Party A
 and do a good job of coordinating the supervision and inspection of the relevant departments;


sales data and competitive products for Party A to analyze and formulate sales strategies;


or counterfeit Party A&rsquo;s products. If Party B discovers that the intellectual property rights attached to Party A&rsquo;s sales commodities
have been infringed by third parties
 Party B shall be obliged to notify Party A;


products through other channels and mix them into the products supplied directly by Party A
 otherwise Party A has the right to
terminate the cooperation;


materials for Party A
 it must be submitted to Party A for examination and approval
 and it must be issued only with the written
permission of Party A;


contract or engage in other civil acts with a third party in the name of Party A
 nor shall Party A bear legal liability for any
economic or civil dispute between Party B and any third party.



    
    





the distributor
 Party A has the right to adjust the product price due to special circumstances such as changes in the market environment
changes in supply and demand
 and government policies. Party A will strictly observe the following commitments when adjusting the
product price system:


seven working days before the formal adjustment of the product price system.


difference compensation for all the products that Party B has purchased after the new price system has been adjusted.




48 hours from the date of receiving Party B&rsquo;s order.


bank transfer
 and Party B shall settle the settlement with Party A within 48 hours after receiving payment through its channels.



    
    





 quantity and time of the goods required
by Party B shall be specified so that Party A can arrange delivery. Party A is responsible for delivering goods on time to the
warehouse where Party B is located(in the city).


B cause damage in transit
 Party B shall accept and accept the goods on the spot upon receipt. The name and quantity of the damaged
products shall be signed and approved by the shipping party and Party A shall be notified on the same day. The Party A and the
shipping party shall clearly deal with the responsibility.




professional staff for the operation of the market in order to develop and manage the market effectively.


money from Party B. If it appears
 it will be a private act. Party A will not bear any responsibility or loss arising therefrom.




the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Both parties shall not breach the contract.





    
    



the performance of this contract shall be settled amicably through negotiation. The two parties shall be invalidated and agree
to bring a lawsuit in the people&rsquo;s court of the place where Party A is located.




by both parties
 A and B
 and shall take effect from the date of signature or seal of this contract. XIV. Other


 the two parties
shall reach agreement through consultation and conclude a separate subsidiary agreement to the distribution contract. After the
two parties have stamped the official seal
 they shall have the same legal effect as this contract.



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

November 21
 2017
November 21
 2017




    














     




CERTIFICATION
OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO


I
Peng Yang
 certify that:

(1)
I have reviewed this Form 10-K for the year ended June 30
 2018 of Oranco
 Inc.;

(2)
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;

(3)
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
presented in this report;

(4)
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
Registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting; and

(5)
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report
financial information; and

(b)
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.



Date:
    September 28
 2018
    
/s/
    Peng Yang

    
    
Peng
    Yang

    
    
Chief
Executive Officer
(Principal
        Executive Officer)














     




CERTIFICATION
OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO


I
Ronald Zhang
 certify that:

(1)
I have reviewed this Form 10-K for the year ended June 30
 2018 of Oranco
 Inc.;

(2)
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;

(3)
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
presented in this report;

(4)
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
Registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting; and

(5)
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions):

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and

(b)
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.



Date:
    September 28
 2018
    
/s/
    Ronald Zhang

    
    
Ronald
    Zhang

    
    
Chief
Financial Officer
(Principal
        Financial Officer)














     


EXHIBIT
32.1

CERTIFICATIONS
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT
TO
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
Peng Yang
 certify
 as of the date hereof
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that the Annual Report of Oranco
 Inc. on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;30
 2018
fully complies with the requirements of Section&nbsp;13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information
contained in such Form 10-K fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Oranco
Inc. at the dates and for the periods indicated.

Date:
September&nbsp;28
 2018



    
    
/s/&nbsp;Peng
    Yang

    
    
    

    
    
    


I
Ronald Zhang
 certify
 as of the date hereof
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&nbsp;906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that the Annual Report of Oranco
 Inc. on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30
 2018
fully complies with the requirements of Section&nbsp;13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information
contained in such Form 10-K fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Oranco
Inc. at the dates and for the periods indicated.

Date:
September 28
 2018



    
    
/s/
    Ronald Zhang

    
    
    

    
    
    


A
signed original of this written statement required by Section&nbsp;906 has been provided to Oranco
 Inc.&nbsp;and will be retained
by Oranco
 Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.











begin 644 img_001.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#^_BBBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** /&?





M  @?B'\
+YN?;ZU]


/[:G@/P%?\ PL^
M@*6?CWX*:7XKNY_AQK-R(CI?A3Q%H%S)JNJ^(M5U!YO)BFT*W

M



'&]:?\%-



O^%6_P#!5K_HXG]G/_P@?$G_ 


YXW\!P7TO

8RG%*\H1FVH.:WCS-:)ZOM:S;;Y8QFT

MZA69GLM'O+-8)$D;[9+;;04W@R^_P#@JY^P_P
M5/AZR^
D$.L6T/BB.]E


MENTH1A*4[Q]R*YF[6.6_X59_P59_Z.*_9T_\(#Q)_P#':3_A5O\ P5:_Z.)_

M/RT_X5;_ 


M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11

QL#@]OPK\1_P#@@0JK^QG\3]JH


EL9!
MYV[3CD

T+X0?#7QS\4/%!9?#O@'PQJW

#7U5^VK\2_C):_L__#[]I']F[QIKMI/I%QX+\;I\
M


MK JDWE^'YDA
\DH=)%VXU]8_:$^)'Q0^
/P7^
^C_M)^
/@A\+M$^'OBSQ]\








5];?LR?\%)OA[^TY^TE\9/V9M
^&_CK




M1?




M$U74C2G.E1HU*D7C*=2

'\



M;^TU\6K7XW:+X:^-
^LIX4_:?T&#XE_!/0O%=I9V'BKX;I*DWF_#G4XK%3:W


MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** (;C_ (]Y_P#KC+_Z U?B/_P0(_Y
S^)__9YW[5O_ *LZ^K]M[G/D3 $
MM#* 

M\/:W87UKJ*Z/K?Q%O[O2]0:)[9
VE];[9K29-RRQ
&![T ?T5T5\4_\ #P/]
MEW_HH^G_ /?B[_\ C-'_  \#_9=_Z*/I_P#WXN__ (S0!]HR YR#V(QQG/8_
MYX]:\E^
_P 

@YSY-
MX



M^_LL@DCXC:?EL9/DWF20


M
 ;S0@5TS4/,TW@;Q+?P*VQ+G5)&=!O96#.V?I7








?6]
NM?O/$$$U_J-@/M=








MK#! '^JO






! &
\G ]Z91X5\-/^
M4KGQ^_[-N\#?^I/)7ZEU^0O[-?C;0_BU_P %(OCO\2_ DEUK'@:Y^ G@[0+?


MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *


Q)))8DDDDFM^B@#G?^$0\)_]OX=_P#!)IO_ ,C4?\(A
MX3_Z%?P[_P"33?_ )&KHJ* .=_X1#PG_P!OX=_\$FF_P#R-1_PB'A/_H5_




M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH

T3_LL?

M'6N.@^@K\AX_'GQK\%?\%$8?#E]\:?$6M_ W7_@B_B*U^#LVA:5%H_AO5=
T




M+'(J/$ZMGH\9!R.HYQ5GE2





M4[_AI'X$_P#15_!G_@XA_P#B*_ +_@O'^P9^S=_P5+^%7PU_L+XL^!=)^+GP



?%;P7P.





%HT<3B*D[J$:%2%:
M4W%K1RING%*+:Y^=-;6/ZB#\$_@H',1^''@02*I8QG0]+WA1C+%-NX*,C)(P
M,C)IZ_ _X,. R?#7P,RG.&70=-8''7!D''?%?@#\&/V@_C7\=K#P7\9-7@U
M#X;_ !MU;]D?XO2^)G\;^&M3\
Z=KM_X9UT16.OWGPYN-05--CU*TM([I;;*





M@4?\*

'38S







C;:

MB5-P^M8;!8F






M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11

MTQG_ ).D^


M
8N*^*/B1^V=\6/!?QHUGP'X_;\O-7^'7_P/&W@+0?#6E:[\


EN0-I4@5YS;_P#!
M##_@G/9Z)!H4/PK\9?8+?0[GP_&&^*7CQKIM*N]1@U=[9[EM:
C-%?VL$MO/



M88O


M


MG/&&
2PH4J&W_PDGQD\!:7\'9=3_;DT?6[WXJ_!7XE:CXTN_$4_@O7XOAM
MXI\+Z;J%UI6HC2/#VF6U[%J7VC9#-:2;Q=&VB!A)SD668Z..6617LY8:JX0G


M\::W#IW@^SU3XU^



;_PC%XON_#^LZ5X4U22_P!#_LFTM%M]-OI-2NU@MTB6



M6&EAX*G)2I5:^)PZE4A;]VJ%I4:UX-RA**LHV9^MWP1^'_A']G;P9X8^'%YX





M[%=Z3I]I(-*^SV)U\74L6M6=Y&[7?WK

MU+\0/BA\:?VF1X=_:ENM+EN_A3^SUXE;Q9\

M1I[JZTU2.%KFVO[NZ.GLYD5HN&%O2/^AG_  4;TKQ?\7?%'A2_U'QYHGP5



J;ISPD*D
0UI2:EBE:
XQD^6RZV_K.T




M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4


M_P#CVG_ZXS?^BGK\Q?\ @E9_R2CXZ?\ 9TGQB_\ 3K:U$E%)S=[I-*W6]]_T




?X'_
)XCN[^VT3P[<7%G

?!'PV_:XUW]FC5M ^!'B



OHRQ&3K'U*3AB'4PU!TZ;HP

M#:?+=JI6@K^ZZMEVM_I/QE^T[_P1\^#/BKQ#X/\2_#+P!X9UOPIXC31=8:R
M_9FUR33[+7XII+2.--7L/!

MD-LUPLNZ**WWG:?R;_X*)_&'P5\
OV











?$
Z_XA_9X





MZ7I^AW_[.WP;N]'TB6ZFTK29_AWX8GT_3);PA[F6TM)-.:*V-TR@W#QJ!
ZA


_:I\.?&'PY\.'TKQ=H

M &\=3_'SX.^ =/\ '_QJ\8_#;]NGP'X0^*T6JZQX[\16J_#&#P5;?VG\0[1+
M/59;:\TNT\4M=VB)IEK;B**))8IU4
:[





M/Q=IEN+73_$B^$-#76[*VL@MK;45LQ



\E^7U6TM8[MVNVD;SB


M2U9V-)RYK+F?Q/K*323D^[:^6KM8_.[]D;_DZ[_@H_\ ]EK^%'_JC_5?HC7
MYW?LC?\ )UW_  4?_PRU_C_P!4?X2K]$:8!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 5[O\ X]I_^N,W_HIZ_,7_ ()5D?\ J?CJ
C(_:D^
61W'_$U


\8*2*

MV _7;XX_ WP!^T#X)O? /Q%T2'5M'NBEQ972B*/5=!U:$/\ 8]=T*]=':PUC
M3I&$]C=QJ6AE4





M%Y) /D8Y*@ #&,UHOIT,D(MI+:WEM@1K66&%[?8I79&(&5H=J%%= 8BH8+


87BH-./+9
M-6?


I'L4@8&!
MBOC7_AX5^S]_SV\9_P#A-7/_ 

MXQGM-;UR:.WBCA@EO;][2

_?\

ZE*K*
M[JT8U84ZBE*-11K-.I%S@X2DI6VDY+67\TK_ &#+X1\-S
6E\

M]


;9#X1LYX[C;)!9Y5A#;C&(R#@_\/?V?\






MGX?\M?&9]CX:N


M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111




?


5B:%*E.W)'
MGJ4Z4;S:YFW'3FTY

MI6
-]:/N14#K




M_H7=_\ !1I__P CUNT5B=)1LM.LM/0Q6-E9V,).YH[.WAMD9PH4.R0QQJ6V
MY7)R=H4#O5ZBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB



M_##_ 
+WPM_\M:/^%Y_!3_HK_P 
/_]\+?_ UH ]3HKRS_ (7G\%/^BO\

+W
MPM_\M:/^%Y_!3_HK_P 






KIIJ4=5):WLU:Z3W1[@+4!]^(]P &_RU$AV[MN7 #'&1DDG..:


=MM7I)3

M:/^%Y_!3_ **_
M\

MSU.BO+/^%Y_!3_HK_P 
/_]\+?_ UH_P%Y_!3_HK_ ,,/_]\+?\ RUH

MO+/^%Y_!3_HK_P 
/_]\+?_ UH_P%Y_!3_HK_ ,,/_]\+?\ RUH ]3HK

M%Y_!3_HK_P 
/_]\+?_ UH_P%Y_!3_HK_ ,,/_]\+?\ RUH ]3HKRS_A


IAFNO#^LZ=K%O#*%W&*:73[BX2.0 _

M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M7YP_\%7
C]B?XCQEF\JXU_P!;7$:L\8GM+CQEH\-S;2F-U9X;B%GAG0G;)$[
M(RD$U^CU?G#_ 


6=F8X)-=%_P[C_ &$?



RJ20 ?B5\+;C_@CW\7/B;\+OA/X=_95T72/$





M&1C-?GQ\2+S_ ()4_#'XQ_%'X)ZO^P!X^U[Q#\%M-\(Z_P#%#Q/X*_8Y\;^*

U+5]!\:ZEX\TO2I-;PC+9Z#XG:[UNVGG@L)/?B2*Z6-]*F!


M6NEZI:QVRW]V ?H7X#_8T_X)W?$G[5=^$_V2_A=?^'1I/A'7]!\:/\
XH/!?

MO&WQV^+?[-WAG]G+X
ZG\7/@9X3^&'C3XH^'U^&SP6GAG1OC#_PETG@%7UNX



M6\^'G[
/[;H\:_ C_@F5^S'\



M(_'OQ7\3=?\ VE^[36O@U:_$[]FOQ)X#T'3/&#WGCNWFTOQU:^*/%%G9FV






M9*L?AKX-^!_@I]6T#P[\0?ACHFAZ;K7CGP=XP&L:O= '[JO_ 
$W?V#)I8IY



\9^++74/&NH?%J
MR\6ZCKD6AZ=HFAZ'I

Q_LH^
M$_B+XP\&:]H_@^7P9\(/@5J?Q

M$;!/&GQ4TK2&F'PZ\
ZKH5WXHGT^[UK3[&?N/V;_ ($_\$L_VK/#_CSQ'\'_
M -F/X97UK\







M_8)_8-UK5_%ND)^QO\.--D\(:Q9:-/?ZS\
(M
TC7WOO#VB^(TU'PCJ5Q$+?


W%VR(*_%?




M _-']C+X9_#_ .$GQ]_:W\!_##P?H/@/P=I_C;P[/9^&_#-C'IND07$_A#17

MC_U#M$K[VH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *_.'_ (*O?\F4
M_$'_ +&3X=?^IMHU?H]7YP_\%7O^3*?B#_V
GPZ_]3;1J /O+P%_R)'@_P#[
.ZAWQ-LF19;<R1[H64QNH8[60
MI( X('P-_P %*OC]XJ^ 7P)T:[\&FXMM;^)WQ(\&_'6K0(;KPXGC^]FTA]
M=M_

M.?$^VOM







%]=\1?75=/TN_O?#4ZZH'&F:DTUP\=I+(UW%NA#ME7KJ_V
-
MJVLZ#J5O9^-+MVAG6WEUPAKI0SQL?+?&-!XJNZ<5A<35:NJ</:4U
*%25

M?+*==3FG&E3C*ZYFI2LF?T/:KXH\/:&T



MEA&3SYH0
JE@2

^-OPFTB\AT

G+_A)JW[*_[('P
MA_:!_:'^!'D#]KSQ9XT\









Y?F3G4JKDO%7C&ZTBS; WS+'4LNP$7B<75


W
^G:3/K&ISV-F9?L\





P R=H.6&UEYQ
6)W FB.$EC8F1'QN5<@
MU_+;X_X*3?\%/?$U]X;T;7--^ $][\<OA;HNI? 9=
\'^(Q8ZI\0X-:M[#Q


MIT'4  9[@8/&:;Y2A=JDJ




M&^&NM_#CQ+_HLM_;27'A[78XTEO?WB6.3^QO$FFQR@QMJ&DW3?:(&;=Y97


01R :</^A/P[4$#X<_%+DD_P#(OKQG_MM6,$J-2I4C%.52:JJ5
MDW3GAX64H7ORRDI6;23:26JJE7IQI5DJM.

M+-+=2 O



?\

MJ56I5)))VC*;2YG%1O97V$ERJ44])*G&=M/:*C?V7/:W/R-MQYN:W
[;LP_B
M1_P3V_8)T;X.6?ACQW\)M.L/A7\.=1O_ !I$!XA\7P2Z;J!M&CN]6N-1T_5Q

TFXZ-N_RW%&,8Z1
MC&.KE[J2]YWU=DKO5[WWV/M;0_V:_AY<? S1?@%\2-#T_P)G@S2M)L]
DL/
M%D;ZS#)#8($L0+G4&GO'FL@-MK?/
;V/:'\\-S7&^?V?V3_ /A/Q=X*T'X

M'_AX3\.L#_BW'Q2P



M^6QDRVG6][=SV^GEF^QQPAC7@/QI_P-7['7B#X9^)=*^$?P;\

G'M1
M.=6I#V4JM5TVK2O4DXRBW=Q:YN1J3=VN6SW:9=&V%JPQ-**IU*;3A.Y)1Y-
M4DX.#MY7VTVT7C?[._\ P2O_ &?O#/[.^E_CX^?+X8^

M2^)Y=*U[4M$U ZAI5WI=SK-^^L:5':SQV]XMM:SVT$-Z))H44R$5V/BC_@D)






 FT1Y%83DHUHW=5SE1K0PT








NDQ0ZDUJOG0Q22?9V5VYY\17H2^HJA#DPU2DZF-K156

5




M(/E_P*XK&QTOPEX8U3P9H4?P_@FLXXI[V]T;4FO-3.JC*7ZXCD$9;/._LZ
M_P#!''Q[\$?V]/$OQYU#PS\
O$7PND\9Z[XV\+^
+CXF?$R3XEVNHZYJRZM+
M;W/@P7(\V]O6DBVVML?-\N(2A@7-&!C3J8RGA\QE.CAYPQLI5J+YE3JT8I
MT*?


M)(98WPK1R*K@@Y4'-


-)(Q8B-54%B HZ#(

M'9^



MM
KVDQ=MYW L_P!.N*H_\

M'@],=^H%?&/_#?@;_HL'[1?_AU;S_Y6T?\
)^!O^BP?M%_^'5O/_E;0!]B
F/\ 56?3K@<< GD@=3S1Y6@_W-(_[\V7_P 37QW_ 

)^!O^BP?M

M.2WT-VI#I4C'HBP699O8 +D_AS7QS_PPGX&_PBP?M%_P#AU;S_ .5M2P_L



M9FF_] ZQ_P# 2W_^-U^?/_#NW2O^CM_VXO\ Q([_P#E%1_P[MTK_H[?]N+_
M ,2 N_\ Y14 ?H-_9FF_] ZQ_P# 2W_^-T?V9IO_ $#K'_P$M_\ XW7Y\_\
M#NW2O^CM_P!N+_Q([_^45'_  [MTK_H[?\ ;B_\2 N__E%1^H'Z#?V9IO\









M(\_4_$4-W=

MR_&TMN/R2C^R]._Z!]A_X!P?_$U\P:O^SMXZNFC.D?M%_%'2@AS(LD]C?E\]

 X/_B*/[+T[_H'V'_@
M'!_\17R1_P 
W?%7_HZ3XG?^ 6E__$4?\
W?%7_HZ3XG?^ 6E_\ Q% 'UO\
MV9IH/.GV)SGI9P8&/7Y#^'KS0-


TW_H'6/_@);_\ QNOE37_@




]?M_'C_AX%IG


Q?#L _P!WEM3)





^$PQQ@-\)/#?KU&)ST)^;(P1T(-










/AROAW7HK-=8A6T_LS^U7FOY;*WN)9'O\ S KM]/GP_X)*_L




MRRKHFF+)96=KI\


7&I2JN$(I+EHTI4X45_R]G#G:;;;YYNNJ

M?9:GIEXE]IVH6L-Y8WL$HEANK:Y02P3Q%
*8W1U9.-I!!Q@UHH3D LQYZD_
M3@^H_J:P] T+3/#.CZ7X?TBW%KINC6-KIFG6ZDE8+*RB2&)2!@!(XT  P-J
MJ

M5H4X5/9495(TYN=.-=N/M8PJ-WDHN]K[D]%%%

MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH 3 SG'/\ C_G^?K2T44 %%%% -]UNO0].O3M

M]T37--D9D%WI]YR2.5-K1O@DJRL&1P&!4J#7'C:.(K4N7#5/8U%*G-U+7?
MLX5:52K!1ZRJ4X5*:=M'-,VPU2C2Q%*I7I^TI1=2\&[+G=&HJ,G_ #<E5PJ<
MCO&:A)-,_![QGX4_:D_X)]Q?/X^^&?VK?B7^U7?_&7QSX0\+^(O@A\:_%$4

$M_#'P.^*W


MD#-












M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H

\


MJKT51G@X ''IP*-B?W5_[Y'^%.HH22V25NRM^5@$P/0?D._7\Z-J\?*.
XX'



;E!)W8KJ?^&8?VF#][]LCQ$3W

M'_=//#G_ 
E]N_I1_P 








?
MMEZ_R
C_ (MWX=Y&2
X^V]

O\2;KX8?$/3= T;Q//HUMH=U-IVI^%]-UJ6WGL[1V
MAW07-V423^)5R*^U: BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@








MT_S?
EBE&(Z\?_97_P7/[4%]\'?@_K][\7K+X^)_-G\:X[/PUJ7PZA\4



MUCP\9Y(Y?[)U
*TUE/
@E$31.$S@?E-X-_X(E?&;X8:YXN\1?#S]JKP58ZQX


X5L(K_=+=W=G%(8?M#XA2
M.




M?BOXM^
_CC4M4^'





M^.WPZTGX0_&O1_$OA2+QOH^N^ ='BD@M$\*P&\TZ3PYKZ1SSEM7DDOXB[H#:



MX)EU[2+E;:!8M2:R\/1:Q92VGVU]\EOOU*86J





/C=K&L?&^X^(NI?%-_#7_







M^/O MOI'A$Z6;BZ@LM075+;4;H+;ZHUE



MFJF'C'#X2IB

MGQ7^S#_R67]LG_LKWAG_ -5_HE?:E?%?[
/_ 67]LG_ +*]X9_]5_HE?:E
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!\#6O\ RD/G_PS?-4_]2C2J^^:^!K7
M_E(?/_V;YJG_ *E&E5]\T %%(2!U--







\


M'[7



'P[\7:=XS\#?&





M\^SOR]C&4/K.*P_L91P]*I&G'$2FE&-6=*C5IVE%;/FC2Y:D=&FY3ZM._P

9K3^(GQE^*?[+?[#_@WX@6-C?_ +1OQ
T7P3X)AO+K
#I?!?Q,_:^^.?Q'M-/T6QT?P9<
MZII/P_TA_!ZZ?##!;WMG;:)X=LK36)@(8?[:2^B5X5\I%P0/.PU&O1EF5.I
M4BZ5;


MA;X&^*_BG1_%OAG6O#'B;7_&


M6F)MT^&5GEA@3?Q^J'PO\'^(O GA&U\.^*_B-XA^*&JP7%Q*_BWQ+I^BZ;JM
MS#
Q
-G-;:#:66FJEM&HC0I;1


#OD9'KW[$=J!/$W*MN&
@
MJK

MG

N:SY;-[Q4MKVZ^5EMWL3

M]5T?0[?Q%K'Q%TG6DEN=





MTQV@O9[ZWL8+FZ
Q5I;GS)78L^:B4:#P&
H*CB9TU@X_4O:U8TL1];JNM/
%


MJ0A9
ACCQ3X-_P#!)35_A'X*TO3X_P!HW4M?^)?AWXC^(O&_A[XF7/PZ\
V=

(2L;&($]T:V$64U
/0P*I
MYC#*
'1P^)K5I54\8HXF%:$Y23YZ:3P\JLG!2G--QG:)X



M:?YXM9)6C#L@5V^AOVY/VF/B?\+XO@O^S;\-]2B\-_'O]I2[A\-:!\47@CN/
M#?@.6!H8M:\0&RF@9KZ]@W
VFV;6QCE8J)V7G-?P'_P3L^*?P?UG6=
^#W[6


M)4M(R]A3:55.



M5U$[:+_@L1H-WI^HW]E^RS\:+F.T\
7OBBV0:WX%MVU1-!UF^T+Q596WFZRI





#%@1G&/





$\CW]_
M;&.!TKIQ7L&\+*BI)_5L-.HEM&LZ7+.$O.


M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB



M(Q^;)RI.

84'GN#]*E+-G&.IX

M^\\%ZB@MS=6E]IEY?V^H






Y QXPN02..#Z\^W2OT4UJ^O]/TG4KS3-+;6+ZT



\_P#('!Q_Y R?7@5XG9_\%0+ZQ^%?QE\:^._@)K?A
M3QM\+/'


MJ]@;+[3JL]Y=Q3QR3V.V*T6
27/EK(#7Z[?WXOS_$_4?%)M/UYIGAK0M9.

MI$BD:*U0HC7




_$_X77'




M*\3[5XNAU;0?%/PYOM.

;R.$(
MK]ZS;*2.1@?= 7&T'.0



MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *

MO_4QN*_3&OY(X/\ @M9\&O#/_!8WXI_#.?X9_$R[^*5WX!\
_ -/!%GX5UJZ
MU-/$^C^*7O[C4Y$@M)&70_[
N;34AJ146S6
ZSJY0@U_6A83SW-E:7%S#]FN

M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1











/)X7_^5]==XF_;
_96\&^'/#OB[Q7^T1\(





T


X5(SE&*T4U-QD](MTVXS@F


MOV=I%+)@J3^/OAC_ (++?&76O$7[+VG:I^P]X@T+0/VC?%K^$[OQ)=?%CPC)




MUAM2;IJK%QGUY.E.%7V;O*\:GLW/DE%1DVGTC*U[






\7:W:VMPO@^XCB





MH(]-TJWDOM0EB^
'AF:2&RMQON9HXEL TK10AY!&IRY7:.37TYX.^+'P[^(%



MA%O#^.

MOB-_PEOQ5\0Z-X^TWP9'IUA/HVKZ+!%'Y6JZ;XAEFTZ]N[:_?[)*BSP0R0MO

M

4^NB?&#Q3\]$^'



7VNV36VG.=+UFT2TLKFRNXTMI% N)F!;=\[:3^R5^U


M=4EM+F2W;[-+/:0)YEXR)N-56IT













M








RE%T?:4





#AF.$BZ-3^T,2J^(HPH474PL</M25*DZ=.+IQIRJSE)5'&55WE:45<Y*

:/?6?Q'\8_#34-$\5W'ABRN[6S
M'@[3O!%O:VNB
58H\VJHAG



M822



MY\%7ES\)]2LENWAUZ&XFOO[.M[/6FNTCC;2W^VHD!^T[ 
CVZ7]B?]K_ 
%^


=/\0_\(/X?

M2?#?XB:I:V5C?^



EE:
M[8;YW6'RR[[&_I2

MT-P=-U[2[/5K$SV[K+!

MG;54X0:^)4Z4804'I:TN3FE;K)^IQ4J-.@G&A-DZE2I[&&L(NK)RDHN6J2

M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%




M1;R6WF6=SI?EV01U#1










E\
^(3X:N6UC3


M9XN2@JCC'$U:\

%E+#0=.G[L+S=2




CHL44A*@



M?J&NQZ#KGP0T#6TO;GQ)XRE:WMI$^(#6

M U6YGL-




MXRO:4Z3ES3BHPE3DV[NQU3P]J5'!5:



%G/ 7@S4?@1XVT

NK&2WT2SO[



M/1Y8?M=S%;W+PI))#+



M +%35_\ TEDH X_]E/\ Y-X^%'_8K6W_ */N*^@Z^?/V4_\ DWCX4?\ 8K6W


2/N']M[]G/]I+XT_LX? #X/?#GX?B;7-U?X8ZGXZ\1Z'\6-*\
M$:OX#_X0&?2KVXN/#6I:AIE^NIWMR;.?[).D2HLJ1%D(=0/U]L=-T^P-TUE8



M!Z#\A7HUL35Q$9TZO+*C4KT\1.E;1U
/4E5PO+-WG3AAVUG3IRC5.\)QDF

M*J4ZJ@E*C];=)WFN66.6'6)DTI6O+ZM3]G9+V:YDM&?Q ?!&S^-^D?\ !2/]
MI']DJX^!OPL;XM_$']G'Q%X*N-&G^(^CS:=X=L/&?CSQ'XO;Q%:7YT!+&]U?

&/%_@+X;_#WQCH
M7P


M)8D8!^ASCV[C-6
 = ._Z]?S[T8'H.N?Q]?K559RJU959-7J5)5*G]Z4K_)6

MU?\ ])9*]3KRSXW?\DC^(?\ V*FK_P#I+)0!Q_[*?_)O'PH_[%:V_P#1]Q7T
M'7SY^RG_ 


7_#]J'X _'S7/B!X:^#WQ0\/^.M;^&&
MI-I'C.PTM=3@&F77-Y8?:K.YU*PL;7Q%H1U'3]0T[_A)O#4^L^'CJ6GWNG+


A'4=_<5\L_MF@']G;QUDX'V:SR<XQ_I474G@?C7NW@GQ
MEX9^(&@6/BKP;J]OKWAR_DNXK#5K2&ZAM;Q]/NY[ZDM3=P6\D]JMS;31P74





=^[:583%&4ZKJ*VUA'+M
M3[1O* @S]._

M'Q+\0:L_Q7^

MXV_\*+5?_DVC_ADCP;_T-/C;_P *+5?_ )-H ^K/.B_YZQ_]]K_C1YT7_/6/
M_OM?\:^4_P#ADCP;_P!#3XV_\*+5?_DVC_ADCP;_ -#3XV_\*+5?_DV@#ZL\
MZ+_GK'_WVO\ C1YT7_/6/_OM?\:^4_\ ADCP;_T-/C;_ 
*+5?\ Y-H_X9(\


+Q'<JQMK5+Z5;(


M:32QL&/MMS^R!\/[ZWDL]0UWQA?6


X_+G
MZ44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5&3G/MD#\




N5+7^9.#3?%.C6WB7]E/QGKMGJ'[;/BC_@IM

O#NJ^+K6







M]]J




M9$$CB
!-\@+8 Z=*Z:LS0:!@GCL/FYY S@'/4XZGUIU%% !1110 4444 %%%



M\T;/'+$R-D
C





M--)UKP7XITC5?!VF7B:?J7BS3=2T*_LKWPSI]_)J&E)8WVO6T\NEVEY)JFFI
M;7%W'.U_9B/[3%^
'_!

M?$7AR+QQIFMZVBP:]?@'TWX-_PM'[)'CW]E+P)^V7X8OO'U[\$_B1\3?B+
M\-_%[=^&=-TGQ%J ^$FL_$*T^)'CB31M6\067V;P/X4\+_KQ[\2=0GN+M/

M_P!7L]+TO5+QM%N/


WPS^%'[5'[-OCP_$KX;?%3]IGXG:/\&?$]EKG@[QX_B'4/VA/B]K_
M (


M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *.G0?@,?_6HI
M-PQG/'K@X/ICUSVQG- TUAD=



J[5PI$K=?7S]?3MM;1C_ .!^
M'7U_I'B_PO\ V8-(T#Q39?%WXGZUJGQ/^
\VE-:W&OZ_+%)H?AI]2:*XU;3?
M!NA1Q_9=(TTSI''&6:YF



M74+


M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444TL!V)Y




M88W4

$*QI'%$JQ)'%$ D



 CUP

M



M*8_S8PRCGDDYXR#P.A)P
!],_\ U\4 .HI P/3ZC/&<^W7\Q2T %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %?OB+2_C7\3




JRC0T'_@M]X)\01W#6O['W
M[544YT;Q=J&@6K^%=&



M1\/=
^&_@'XF6O[-W[0FN:;XX^&[_$2[TS2M TFYU'P;&-7N=!A\.^+5346A


NJ./4],-A=WERD;2)'9P.[N)/DK25*K
)S2
M4*F*I86E4C*E.%2M75J%/FC-V=:2=FM$DFKIIFDU.%.51PJI1I2J-.C4O%J:
MIN
N2
E'EGH^9IN\;:.Y^B/_  H/]HCG_C
GQS\IPV?ASX'Y9T[YOPR#QZT
MU?@+^T,^[;^V3XY(4X)'PY\ D'(R,8T_GW'4'MWKX8_: _X+:?!GX(P?Z?3



@
MD'FG?\*#_:(QG_ALGQSWX_X5UX![=LG3P
^WKQ7X_P#PV_X*T:S^SU:G2OCY



\9'_NO &0
@D?
MV?GH03QP#FD/P%_:'!Q_PV3XZ))(&/ASX (.!GJ-/(';@_-STZU\IZ+_ 
%+







M3QK+)H^FW.I+#)\// 7ES&TC





_#KP#C&0







%?/AO\;OVQW_8]\(_ #X\?VPO]O7%O\4KK1-('

M?\$?%G_@H'_P@/@'4_@1-XS^!?A&_P#A+I=X/?BCQ!=ZU#8VU33[2]NM3C



M[:$HEP$:0[%S^AOBW_@L3\'_  QJWP7TZ'X
?&OQ'I_QG\
Z=KB^(]+TO1DT

17H4)JFJ\:C=6
M5&\5I&M%J
J%MW*
'J1C*
MM2J0E;E=.IK&$[5))OW;*Y]A?\ @_VB
X/[9/CD9QC_BW/@'G(ST_L[H .


M(Y& NHI(P0$.ZLWPM_P6I\'^'K'POX8\4_L_?M

&L/#?PTOO%7Q;'A'0=.
M\-_V;X[T[2I;7QEJL=OJODZ?80WFIP6FKI'N-I?


Z-6G3G5G%J%.K*C5NDE2FG





M8QOLVG!Y)Y&.GZ-5\[_M9?\ )LOQW_[)GXN_]-4]
L]0^&^I:AKGP^\#:WJD



U]55\J_#O_


EL)1=:-986&WUC4TU:S
MCTV.$RRH89/+1\_+\L?L=_M&_%+XO_LH?LV^);;QQ\:/%/QB^%VA_$CQO\4?

MPT\QMAXU


5VNG?\%-/BAX2\-Z
D'[









MBX2Q=.E0Q$ZTISR[+YX[#2T52GA:]3]]%22LZE.GR.?Q.HDET/FGQ5^QM^TI

'B);$;++^V!

MJZB; ??OSSZD\XSGI@# P.G%;T&Z&!HX)RE55*I*?/.*C*[]U0BDE:G3@HTH
?K
M_P!6'X?HNEJ]EOZ ?7L3[88?E.1#'WP


D_)%D=^3TX&3D $$9K\F_^I/PY\:K\&?&_P :
M_OQ_P#CI\


M\





6&O6UQ%YFJZ
(Y#:1
%



M$[XBZ7H/@GP1^SQIM[^T7JOC[Q'X(O\ X;ZI\0TT[PAI:^&=
CUJ_P!2F\;+
MH\IFC;2YXI+6+^RP'N&


5Q@G*_MX0@FXQ4HM6?






H=OM+M[26]@U626&\M[F2!#$-T
[)=*P*\_1]U_P4



# ]TLWQSP\ZCQ


L?[
C
[.T9
MF&U376_'GXN_%WX]_P#!

M8 ;.*YU.#3M/DN$NS)
(K 6P

NQ5:[C47UN-
MK3]G22E%4ZEI!T$HTN9]SJISJ?VTTI_5JW$&)CC80HTE4H8=1;E!0=N:'
MM*].G.HVZW*Y37NV?DMI_P16\00? +P%\$[S]K+7WN? 
7Q#T2U\76?PYT6

M

M64^6.FJ/6[__ ():_'^#7H_&WA7]N#4?#?CS7?!GB'P=\3-?7X0^';R#XC1^

*[+X;?!GPKXIU/3M*U'4/VE'XIQ0WFIW&A^(#X?UO3_$$<


M5'^T:-6CB
/!P7[N2A7BG24?=C.
'7C3A%VY)2NES&DZN(E0O5;=''0IU*T9
M0C:LJ4^:$L4K)\T)5:2BY--RDGK9'Z_?#;PUKOA#P/X6\










M4
'3-9\-6\EE8V<<'@FY

,I.^&$AA\WQN5TL-6P^(Q&)JSIX-6G3AAZV78J&#E4JU
M9MJ4X5\4XPC

MQX6ENY+V?P[
AT0J^DSW4T\\UL/O&5R'^;GZJ^!?_!(7X
_L]?&?PC\9/ 'Q


M)-1N ]PTKX&




_#
OC

M;Q-JUV5=KF(9!N_MB?\ !
/P=^VAXU^&_C_Q9^T+^TA\*_$?PVT:#3-$3X





?&HFWGB
M\R)9Y;*]ANX&!D@$RY97 JI3IXNC#$5%]:HX7
)U

4G=T





M[5=/M06




M8J[N[:^NMU\MCT4TTFMG^#V:]4TTWLVKK0]5HHHJ@BBB@ HHHH **** BB

<VMT+K3X)TCN88!LGC63



_[0_[;'QI\:_L2_!^\^#'B_4_WQ5UF_^'WA7
MXX^--)N--M/%?@1$\9:9X+\4ZS86]W;W4$&H:QJMOJ1LO-LPJQ7,<PC$;UA0
MJWQ+5'/GPN




MVH);&:YUC6;:$6?A*RT^2[B6:^U3




PG5Q-



B?%+PM^RG\)/AWX9^'VB?%KPM\=-



M4\1*G:SC#FE1C3J1247RJ-KMW^&_B3_P1F^ 7Q*\/?'+PA+\6/CYX5\&?'K5


A2VNGV!M--B1@L<#0 (@S@8/K/[6(Q^S)


YKZKK\Q?'O[5?PE_9D_:5^)=O\5F\:6+^*+'0
M=1T630/ OB;Q1:75K'I-E;

M$OB[Q;\!;75_%_@KX

PZS\-/%'AC7XKV
MQUW1;Z6::2R!LQ!#@^TEY0A'N'_  ]:_9$_ZGQ1_#X/?$#'X?\2:HQ_P %
M5?V0B1G4_BCGIG_A3WC\8&[.

K.2YZ=24)6:O%

M#1]%BTU-#%E%EI(([BTD*2.0VY3@\5?_ /!




TH\BBUHTUH9X

M/A[PIH
'Q^^(MDUK\+X/@U\5+VRT#P9;K\9_A[#UHNG^++/2Q8:9JQLW:U





MOA5:V_B#Q%\

M^*1Y;_FCWQ /7&!@Z+@8'& 









M-5RM&+E.-*-&$I\BC[24:
(04JBF[176\G]S_$Q=OP[\;C_J6M5)YSR;.7UK

MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** OCG]NS_DWW4O^Q\^%7_JP_#]?8U?'



M

M+@N&W9(KSO5OVEOBM\1_BY\

M)\


9T:\J4IJ\ZLJ=23K4



M
L2^4A/GDW_!57XKZ)\#/CU\1?$WP*\
V7C7X0VOP]UJQT#3/%&LZKH=_H'Q
M!TQ=3M+K5)K32)-=EOK%%DCN].T+3-2GR4:)&192OH'[


;VV\2W&F^)-#TK4-+M)))


Z6(665
'4K4:.+HQPV'C3ISY:ZHVQOM:D*D$[T


W/A;6;/]HCQ?





MB80G1FI*I/





M4?#3_L0O/\ Z8;O1:H84444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%

8L++O



,-0OHKBVT)KBUC2:#3Y7M9R\H9MS,#X]_P<!Z9\+O$'[GPJ^(WQ0^&<'Q4

E

MG.^O
[/_ ((A_P#!/3XRRPZKX/\ VC/VD/$L%KHU]X?L_P#A /VIM1O[U\,
MW-\;F7P[:#1IKFVT6WO(T6&P1EMXFAC15#KFOENZMK/X=_L3?L]_#1?&3_#

MWCN_/-LGFL#^Z?[.O[-?[)GP,U[2D_9[TGPMX,N$\)&SM_O@G75ET2]T:Y

ML3S/FJPE3J2J4G9PIU(W331^)7[37_!(CX%_L[?#K7O#/[+_ 
9?&^M?';Q[
FZEI]I<-%$9[93AV

M/\9ZQ$DMQIM_$P@.FB 6RK&)%+^:P/AGP1^!_PS=^U#^T)^U-\2?VMO#/@[
MQC\:OA?\;O$?@;P!+XXO$T_4_AY\-=*L($\,3^%K*XN[06,6HVUQ
M(O'WQ4AO[R^2/Q'X5\1WF+D6MLML8;:VMXIQ


DUCZ






M!3+Q)/XI\#1?M.?!S7_'GC?]G'QM\5?A9/IOPQT-G\
^(?!&NII/]EW^G07T


M_P $QOV0_%T7BCP7K7B/Q_X=U;X@W_AO7K*'1?B=-H/B?1]3\*V0T^UU;P+*
M!]LTJ\NH1*NJWNG(S7
\D@F8^8P/K/[
?_!/#X+_ +*EQI=S\
?%WQGNK33)



1&$5+$T(TZ&(



D 'V/!_JH/^N*?^@I4C 





?AC4M3DNY3JKQ%V5[M8H$E3:
MAA7:

@!
9 *X(!J

MD#V9@:&
J4))@,2O%?*O_#U3]G_ /Z)W^TK_P&(\9?_&*/^'JG[/\ _P!$


=;X2_L[_  1^!%MJ
M=G\'_AIX7^'UMK

6ED8@
2=JLJ9/*]*^-?^'JG[/\

O_C%'_#U3]G__ *)W^TK_ .&(\9?_ !BA-I63:3A&FTFT
Y^UG]F7X6&Y_M:?7Q.-! E_MNY&RXU-6\X@
MWLT?R/,PW%?E!YKY%U?_ ()+?6V_:3\)_%+P9X
^ OAOX-Z+9)%X@^$DGPM

MO_AB/&7_ 

1TSV%O^)ZCUZU+7)4





MX:?]B%X1_P#3#85Z+7FWPB

M^*X23]U-$V&C=2K 
*])H **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **

; %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 ?_9
end








begin 644 img_002.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#^_CG(Y^H]
M:9))'#&\LKI%%$C2222,J1QQHI9W=V(5$1069F(55!)( J^OK+3+*\U+4KN


M
O!N5CIHM=)@U;QIY#@;I;&X


YZGOD#R?[9K..N$47I


L@89] &^GR


7-[.ASM(\V3@9P5^9\




G_PJ
M_P*(Z_##XD#/3_B@_%?/_E)I/\ A6'Q0Y_XMC\2..O_ !0GBKCZ_P#$IK_0




M2[\ ^/K!+G4/ ?C?3[:0A8[F^\(^(;.WD8KOQS7&GQQNQ3YP$8G8-WW1FI

M'-7^


M*DLT9B6&!/2?BG#K&J^ ?$VFV

MTY*^AU4
LP];'X/ SQ;I^WQ-&AB*RA&4
.ZM:G3O'WDZCCS^]:T;JRNM3^$Z
MW\!^.[QWCL_ WC2\DC 
D=IX4U^YDC!) 


M!-1D%&N+@' R1/*#]SH&/RCJ%XY'7C%33ZC


MSJY Q_0[^QK_ 
%7_!?[0M_I'@+XQ_#/QG\ ?BAJ3VMEI[:[H7B)_AWXGU&Y

MXY92%CP

NH[BYCEL]9
MAOEN-)O5


HO

M2H98F

?0SC[6D[2BU&K3?Q4YV3L^\7O5K26JZHRH8BG




$VJ5K7O+1J]]CKI



ML)_]3MC$Y9Q

?_@I_9_&KP!\5DT^\\+K\)_B+X0C^%'A^S^)/@B[T7PW




M ^(]3DFD\

L=WN4-M@82

L;=+R]U
MG3[&SERT5W=ZA86UK




K$GEKM%/S=2OS

PD(YQN).5?CI@9Z$G-8ULNI58RC.55IQ:5
W&3G\S56?44(W.9AT/S2(H&X@$@)+EC@X8=0
M.W%1A\KPN$A*-*F^:<9<TI;R3O\ %*[E;NKV2I6J5IJ523W326BC9K6*5DK


%

/9)_&H^$TU&;5-&-G/<
MVT][J%K+!:PVVH6T#6UW8W/F2745QD*VV-&&20OZQ^&_%'AGQ6FE^)[2ZLKJ
M6^TZ);&:5U6?[


C)+YLI_=+&%C7[V?EN$
)/)W6R[ 972Q.

?JV.AA*

F_:2ER4[1N[)'Z417[*$Q



^IQU_


Y/)Q%D;N#DC'TQ7#B







L3!2SEED@))7Y=DD:

=3WIU\+&M2G3FDU.

MS4KII^MW^A\IPV\GAOQ?X@\-7QN%LO$6JZKKFD7#B#=H/B_3K(2A]/*?-$^K
MV
090I6-Y+1XIU=;AE;W?_@D3^V)=?M1?L[S^&?&6J&_^*WP1U&'P;XGN+F4



M9Q

M


MX@=W)Q^XE^4'L 2.IS3)M2=U8#3]
G3!55%S


MG6[6V2+5[PUJ]MLDPM;H[ED7U?X5_LWV'@72-
T+5;?P[I/@GPUK[^*?#/


MR=37_P!I+]GKP=!++XG_ &B/@_H

MQP


3QEY'!D8@?Q

M)?Y_UYG^NK\._P!J']G_ .


M%_-T5DKM



++!MSSU\F%VQU.#D9(P37^2=J*
M_$:S^#/@?QSIWQD^*


M+O&-M9:I9W*WEQK

ODO-\M5*I7








M



MIX9\=:ZDUQJVNV?Q#\





MXSU$*. #G(VJ#NP

2W
4
@R29(;N9VP
$A[9)(PO)P0N?






3.0JFVD*ML+#.&[
M?Q?77_'M<?]<)O_ $6U

C-)TY!X'H361II_F5X[S67V++!*Q(&6MY;*YB)^;[@:1



M5-TQ2 
SI!$J?Z)*;WE16NTD0NK$?9Q,*1@-(7;([GY@Q'L*_S,O^L7AZ_


MWEM

L$T9W13*K@@KQ];_ +:__!23]K?]N&]\


)BW
E41:7I$*K9Z79!@MSKGB36;DQZ7X;TR3+

M]2L[34/AG\*+N6+
UCX'T/41+%K^M6S.\4GC;6[+[1N0MHFG:9&WG2PX2FY1

DT]TFG=/1;Z-JW5=4-XK#T*



MKN2\DFU_5K?PO'JFMR^?




\A;_ %UT
M\27MS;WGMX;BUF!BF@GGDOX98FX*36TOFP2*1D-'*KJPZJ<\_@U_P %
_\



]!STY.023S

M?!GA;33(@XNM4U76Y9XX21OM-


M


=%9



RLE[D\KY


G&TGSXG/'W21L'



OA/PHKWMW*!X1\
 1W:1

2/[!T_B1?

X



VNUAI7=
MEU3\TM&]?1I'\/VGWRV1D_U@=@B*8PI NV00S#(VMNSD\C&.05P$B:-ILL&
M#R.ZNP()4DX)!Y4MGH

M!SCU)_*E&$8U)S5^::7
WN]VK.W2[\N^C/0K8_$XC!X? SFG0PLINE!*W*YV

MIOAW0M0UN_U75KJTAN'33M/T_3]0O[E8(Y[J8)!!;V\LS8K]IOA]_P &L'QS
'/$WB7Q1=6C2%[BVTEO$47AO1K.^F!V0
MW-[]IMH,^8]O-L$3_&W_  08K_P5_9;5WD*R:!\9PT:[\LK?!WQA@+M92V
MP8Z%0,D<9.?]$ V.6MX'
8PW[Q86C!YY;S;IW^TN3P







2337

)&V!(XRL:!1.
Q4


95D&KZ9%*!SD&-Y.6X/'!(



M+*2#:01FX4OP
DJ9(\IU&
L
D#GBO@7QWX+^%_ARRN)M(\-V^FRHC&.2PUW5





M6\T;4E!2[L)






8]:].5*G)\SC[W5IM-]KM-
M:KI?[^A]=A\?C*

F'!

;W?R9

^9W/=)[2'&8M*CL2JD
7G+L!D?






?\?M]_
MU_7O_I5-6E/K\OU(J._+\^B7;L4+K_CVN/\ KA-_Z+:O[,O!D\<OA/PB)=-B
M5T\*^&%5YD(8_P#$CT\!^'RQ/7/.!C&,FOXS;K_CVN/^N$W_ *+:O[,OEXT


?F8))ZR%




MUZ&U*/OJ*N]U9)7^%]FWM?H?PMQ6;S
 B



?B[\/











A.I



M]VDVK-JU_/8]ACE@:13
);@ 9W-%8Q@9Z/\ O);A26)Y!/(YQG&6R2_
YBMF

M:5R;F.

*$(7 !/#- @.


M7(+LJ*N!P
;)



M_P!&E  5I-HQDCN0


JTDACY

L0TAX

?4%7



K6]S#M*G?LLF60'KM4[%#'/?(P 3DDD#^=G_@Y=\:




MPY;V8CEN_
\2?%FXMQ8VLJW4L%TUG\-HH6LE\OS)(I9!;@KYC ;=P_ED_9P_

MH6GW$EL?'VH?#34OA3I.MM%(R&?0O#FJ^


M#^MCPM_P0\^'%EJ9US4/AG;^
]:GG-S/J7B;XGV'B-I[F1S))(UIJ4
-F
NQ
1D],=QD<FO.J9_62O2P5.;=KQ




MUV/!=5_8W_X-.OAS\)/$_P 76\




U

4&E6R[K:XMD8XP?)DD;*CDE1(P3(/RA3G=^%

M3RWEOI5Y-';10QX;DE9)IBP+''!4@$9'7)_EO\ ^5__!P7X$^.\GA3]G_]



M50
CH'O&W'^\VTG)R5JA/I\(DAC%SD-#*H9ER,OL601IT.0 HXZD1IY[=N

5IOI
7E#?!&=Q)*1VQ




M_%M*=NQEW$$\;=QR 3T/'\:%U_Q^7O\ U^WG_I3+5T^OR_4SJ=/G^A1NO^/:

M=R#@D'DJ=/G^@4^OR_4ZQ;5U9X4N)H5!+DQ2Q.J^C*JVZECG/\14'L.UU=/


,B*YN8P/]H 2!NV05&3W Y,TEH]P1(^H+&&'W4TRX2,8&,*7E
M0 ]R?EXR<;J3_.Z_P#A_6]1U;_ (*I_&=+^]NKR/1_ /P7TC3%NW+FRTV/
MP#87ZV=LW_9EO-0O;A2O!EN)<DL&-?CGH[7D&E7=C%;0PW7B.YATZTN;XF-




MO;6\AF575W

L:9*T5W#=0.'6WDVL@GL[C'E7%O)N61&VXR00^X\3WD.B6=H[+-<6+RB
MRFEB@D1(9X2!\C%Y9[A1+([S7 ,,:21IGF


M:XBIA9XC#PA33H5:=*AB:$TI4Y0J.




M23P1XLND.M6FM/I&DZR\Q2+4[.VM!MM@$1_




CID5LQ2R%

M&@&
. 1WMK4L);QTCFDBME=TBD*!:_+/XX?M2?';XI







8-?F2[')
M&?K[\=


M4'*$HMZQ:DG9VV=FEH?J.0RG3P-&E4BX5:
YTZD7\491=^5IWM\2TU7W$3$Y
O ^I__4/QQCO3.3[G_/K_ )]*<IPPX[XQ_C[9KU7&
MT;=+/YJS_4]Z-1J47S/XHN^O=/\ 3^KFU87#6XN74E7%M(\3AMLD$T32:)



R

@FC5^GW+?_@_B QV9+:[C

M



V
G^RW9LD\Y*2J!CIA21SQ@\5F:$2







K@8!

M.F

AN=P)S@GDKSTYJ.




L]O;A\


5CI5JE#!U?:QA0I1E]8J4Y*2IS4ZD/9TY35W.






MSXE\




M$VTK)N44GH]KN-_\]#ZK(\QCF%7'55%TXSKPJ1A:SC&4(QUMHY-QNVMW^%:E
M4X8'W[]

MK
?L:P0I^R'^RL K8'[.OP9(\M !G_A7^@DLI7!.3W)/O@5C%7O:V_WZ+^E\

E;8R#&

M#%*L$R


@19(&SGD$
Q((&

M&N_G;7^7=._GY=?4K=6ZQ6MTWFH;2[S)'?0%\FVD^7;YSY!)X. 21VSBOX

:


M/:X_ZX3?^BVK^S_PS

CPEX6.=T&6(T#3CU\H


* JX#!Y 1UXP0NTD@$YSP3CZ



M&D;;Z_
._%5Y)[2 [&:&-F8\1Q3J5/.!F-U /3J.#G'-'+_7Y]/GY=0/\_O_





MCV;XT?KP!\84%WKEB]KXCL[6QTW6VU.XDMK!8M1M=2
LN@P:M8Z3J=RSVB








=
CUP1Z\'H.3

ME*&/!]


M;]F2(H)F7]GGX

?/PY\.
2^' )/. 
=!G QEP25VWNT_P5OG_2-JL[





M2
FHUGA#!OM#-L)VQ_94.#W!54RV3Z-SU!QC

G[@^SMT?&Y4\P

 4?\ ;KTOY_K]_P!UP
N\
MGWVEXP:4EK2[PR(T6T?9I


M_P!;6



'H

N
?W6C.[;ZYSN



L[!4(017*

#!.1V_$


MOW-RA;-UIR6^T+:2%@EU'(04O'C1NG2






I\(X^HVJ=*37
[.6'E!-7T?O26_HC^
MS2[^)
\2



\2
Y!

/D4




4V
MTF

N


[I'8]PN/_B2?8\CW&.1=F_B6O?3\NQ7U=1L[NWG*_7L
MM#!MPL/V\!@P.GW(!'*[C&P&
_7K^G%?ZZG[+UGY?[
'[-;7$
D+/^SW\%G*

RGY2&)8$

%2 0#GOQR
 Y


MPFAS6EMIBV5S*VF2;X)X@)/9K;7S717

59@2)
MQN:-F;.3N15!]L]

!3Y:PPCD9)57'?/&&..H
SMNUU?];?IKKZ@4KM)1:W9E:X<TNQS$JK

 R!




GD@) ^[C
8

MC41O+?:WX2UC3+*%9B46%I;FZBC64NBQ

8 #I@*H
MVKP/S[TY%M%8%GB#$X(P\ORD$$+E .?7/ICFC^M//^7\7^.MAQ?+)25KQE&7


(_&/B3Q;IW_
M  @V@Z<EMI$6H?9;._\ %)TR+4M8NKDS:?IN@Z:EUJ5_<K%#%K
9*Z(2P^&






MWYDG?5)[-Z]['
3E<GGEQU/L#T!!I4\
V:#=).TA7^\



.(XFGA$LT'GPKYBDR!26&W\%=4TW2O$&HS7^

MXHU_2+ZWNK71?#/P_P!%TW5;:_TJW66]\Y=:U.YMAJ2ZS/Y9O]4$8CLKQ)



MG]FEU&WN?[0O(;;[/-I4EO#?Q3JK2&)H9KNUA&X 2RS!8]P#E:O@#QWK?PG\

MA$Z(2 3MD&&05T&H?'OXB
M7




GQ$9=J!FS)XG\'1'J-H)5
MB
\8QQG(K^=?5H\VRKC.Z6
*.A(+#\O8XZ]1BOZ
?^#7J1X/V^_%
:1HYNOV
M9OB)&6D9E

M_'[S^^LI$X 







M57W;_I^?ZVV3?S_ ,V17DVUX5()%G=?



J

MY%/D^RI]X%B


\=OKGU%7_\



/VM_B5/\ &_X2^.=(







MOE7-RV=^5L_R@M=USPWX?VQ7^L6UQ?M*D;Z;I44^K75L& #27C62RP6PCY8J
B:-W#/MZ*-6=7GC*2O)2<&^63;T4;=M
M[O4WEB






 8.


MT+PG C7.G:9IT;37&JZEJ=Q/::=H=G&5$4-YJ5_9QSW3Q6ML\MS(D9^G;3_@
MF)_P4C\7W7B/29OV*_VEV\5^ M/DO?$L6K^$[XV$^FRSLMK_ &!J.JW-O;ZK
?V5/V<?V3O#-]X0_9Q^#?@GX2Z)JL\


O_!03]J;Q/:Z9I?P(
M\6_!_P &1:D+'Q'\3/CEHVI?#SP[H



MAZ3;PWLL
B6M_=::WB2[L-2FTZ=UNK6.\B:WDDB6&[BGMGDA;\XQ_P &MOP6

MYVF:0FYTO1;*
*?DMU.:_J94J0%5FZ@_O







@#G\!UP
TOV5@/\

[JHS4J=EKR\MM6

MZJES/IJ65A'&);R-S*?+5X*UU@\&^%L$KX?TX


5:S;[W27;M_7WG[K?M

MBXT;7(X


=I
MJ?EEE=5W%(+Q$.9$1F;R)PKS6I9PJS023VL[:O;R=Q1E9^3/S#:-7)#2PN.

4)8@\8(57/3!X(


M'\)SR:/+8GG&






^%=#T^_6TTZWC



TFSO]2TV71+C1+-O$\
VGWLUHMQJ



'IU/M^F;J?_!1G]B:YLIH;BW\0ZK'(

GAZU=3C (5U

M_P 3/7C;3QRZF^G?99[*0SG1Q*;!%GKT&#_@H?\ LHC5_#EWI/C#Q#X;BL)(

M.B3_ 

#
'].<+JWB[5O ^O\ ASPA9N)'


3




G(;C!10!

MAG1-00A%'EZU8:H@ X4;FS^NVBZ'HOAO2K'0O#NCZ7H&B:7;I::9HVBZ?::5




3Q;P_\ (A-)&DDD]S,TDC #,\K$;22P6,2LP1 220FT%B6
MR:KJ_P!H(6)6DVD )&8C/1<*&)(! 7O@CKFMXTJ<;.5GYMI;VZ-JWS%)1YD

M'VM6/PLTN*&4Y%K;V?PWT_PK&($4A5
AEFVJ#)*[EG;XA\3?M._M)^
I99_%

/8KXB^Q2A8XHT42V[A(
MTH0HP?F)?#WB(@M_P (]KYKN;;HNIG: 

O\C]QO@5







HD?)


M4'[$?A2VUCX6Z?JOB#4]:OKFYDSOGUB\DSA5Y*DA.2




JTF
/JL\H_BRQ$
MBOA@..G0XZ\U]$?%?X4_%TU:_2[\*1VYBGE$J7?BWPII\\;1\K)!?:I;W$

M6M%27


MP*HZ.6(85\YPEL@Y5

M7U/)QSB\0W,(J4(.T$N6]FKM1TZ)O35GZ1?\$[O^F_[4'_  38^*4'COX$

/!H_B[2/L^O:




?\$R_P!D+Q/\8RFFZS\7O%L\




M XP

%G^51DDD@@+








M26J3OV/R[^!'_!OUH%MHTTO[0%WXV\?ZS=UDAT[P1K$O@;PUI4\8)E2^
MU?6I?
8^7=7;64(10!9*Y\P_0MS_ 



M+!%4#!.!S7RAXY_X+V1SLUOX/\&O$\@=8V=H'D!RP5BS@@XX8KA3N!3&[!/B
M5L2JLW4J5JLY/31*

M5KWU_ \[UC_@W^\'Z=BYT?XN_'[2)(GRD[ZSI&H-;JAW!A.UC;R;P!@/\F
9


M0H.?D^?.0!7HW[!$W[2_[4'[9'@GX


M_$^6?P'\3_B]\/-6N/C)\6O%VF:%XL@^%/@SQCXK&H^$[CP/XZU#4[:76+CP


M[8P5S=2
2


M?V=/B@=3DN-


M+^T=X%TF^@^)/@$ZIH5U!


\LO]7K

MZA8W


+\,?$ES;Z3V%%GX:\2^%]+MT-MI)92<=.;Y
S/ZUJ***R _%7_@O_ /MG







MSI$MO)=2L'D;^4+]M:[6W_:Z_:@CP#Y?Q\^*
9&


+1]U.
^9O[2O9['@0Q6*J4HX24T\/A









MK#^VYXEGU&;4X-#^

!S:+A[P@X M5V







7T[\4/BUX;?PPOP&^ -C

5O'#;Q:7X=

=6A.KR2EA\&I*




MXV2IX)\03P7H

M86MM#*\+Q7*7(+VVLQ.=[V^ML/WUP\CEI8]0R;ZSG83PN5!B/PE\6?A*=!GO


MT1]+W]G[Q5X!X;#\6\(X?







MOPMXBF^-?@F*3Q-I']OVGA+XC?!M/$/B/1]/75]4T:%==D@\-W%O#+=76BW4


LBCQ-3X)XJEP]+ O-%G']D5GEO]G1IRK2QOUE5.
 -P !RW!XZ'Y BD! 
MEN!QG)([YW\ G&<H0V#TSD5ZS\3;UX]1U27Q]I\WE7:):Z#K/@/QSX-UG5(



D[])-

M6S
#C[3P;8?OU.8Q6(\)

NS7PO7IHMWKLGU







M
MF\-VVE


M:=:^



P\



QK
7Y147-E(
M/





M
8
?ENXD2!B#7Z/?$;6O$5SH

@:(7;W.D(BVVJZ!K
M-I$\ZZA=WL$3W5U81QS65I9

. .

M

M]%OA[AW/N












#ZM

LCY_'N)\GS7'YE2KX'#UJE.&

DGUNS_3#Z


M6HV-RNO:5\/M7$/BS53%)X]_:-F^%

M$



M$:Z6&73=#TVV\OQ7\5M


OB;P/.%DDNQIU[IFL^&;PB)%NY8IUN+.QC
MN3(L$5H=4OH]5B66^0!4EKZMT#4M$UFW@1H=.N7O83/8WUI&$L=9AB^;-9



X0Q



MBK(/ ')


#;N0.+4=-==/O=
8SSZ]'%N
L^E6]P

</JDXPQ$7&48WC.*5-RD[MIRZ))(_HO)?&;PWPG@I_8M?.N:

:

M2@7).0PW'=QAAVR
$YZ@8&!M[D@U^P8-MT;WNM%IHDTM=+M;Z_H?Y6YE;ZS)
M:W;DW=+K-O1:/3I?[RD[LFX@  XSG/RMG/7&&)7/ICZ8PQYRH((8AAC!.&QM




MI(I

M*LD%W8WL$UM=6\B2&:*1'NI%?[U!P.3V_KQ7^8A_P=5_\ !+&?]E3]K=_V


M]FG]S3_0^A]

M
.

MCX]A:
AYO

%EC;/\ RUQP?EPK'(/0\Y)#


CB.:$L=N&&


^HK/XJ:



4N$)(4&WNEEM'94\JTF5=D!

MUPYA@

M

73Q&&KQJ4ZD9/2






B







M?






MZQHFJVS17^BZYI=Q=Z5K&G3P7VGW=Q;3)(4]GZ/\AJU]=CQ9;8VRO%(=DBG:


KGP+\/?B;W2WTM-)^)?AZ;Q%HMF99X)WU'



5D(0DK]X
1_P'\
9!!)X\BSB.;K%

$@8&X 9XR*V-+NLWMN@=

JV29

M(N3

^\_P#@V&_X(R7'[9WQJL?VVOV@




M&VM?#]H7X6^#_BY\./$$974?_C+28-2M$F52(=0TRY/EZAHFLVI8M8ZWHE



MC]^SCX\U;X9_'OX8?$'X-^/]&N)X-0\)_$'PMJOA/5T
+[&N+:VU6UMO[0L)
M





M:BTG9W1UX_-*5:K#DBZL*=.


LI

.X).

MS_ 7Q%J'@@W

Z!&^XR2W7CK6;9;76KB!5+R:+X/MO$WB-D
MPT.C2JP-?Z!O_!*;_@U0_9$_8EN/#_Q=_:PNM$_;$_:*TV:VU/3;37-!
'P$










_;+X$?\&1^^]6[_::_;+M;/3ESYGA_


M;^
B

T/3K/2-%TVPT?2=.@C


@@D-

 !0% S7D9WWRN78G#

Y/UKCGC7]B*7G+5

M'IUV\$-D C(R /?@CGEB:TKWFTGTC96_YHJ4%TOZFJVK7)#*0 2C/YUUG(



0


$O(O(L;'1+.V25/$NNZ3=21ZAXKTY9H?[/TJ-[*U:ZUM

N,#;7IJI46TYKKHV?G/)
M'^5=MCIX]= *^9N^?&U!&LK%5 W%I%D@ 9BPP/) 4Y'S9RMZ#6+:55+M$C,,
ML!,%G^[_IVY?C )B$@R#@8)XK'&
@ 

MV3Q]#TP. 2/4\\\#';2.*K1^WS?XDG_78ETH/I;T/15N(7(42 
5#!'RCE3C




M$^9AD%1RX;(P'&

MC!96)78L(!#8C'&1R=^2



<$9'(QCFE.XXS@ #DKR21GC'R\M












+CWY/.?RXIW.2

A#&Y7FT
M\T+EH7*

M0=T.Z6

YITG&[6J_%?YF[12 @@$$$$9!'
M0BEKN


M8XYXIYZGGKP02.!@C)W').


]HVG^)OCK




-?$OC'Q3JGB.;7]<N-2^*?


M1V.G6$(@M+:/D1(#EF9S\\LTSEI;B:0M)-
[2R



UQ[J5Z]


W]XXN-2BB;0;XC5K6V?4?Y+58H=RDAA]T^G7/YY]#7F




L*Z.(H5Z52;IRG4P]=4\10J0: D\ X7 R68
M;NHW$#C#'ICN



TT




M&.













MDDX)YX).
P3*22 05R
X'7G)X7G/ODX!)%?J

M;0'S]2UG5+HQ66F:=;*TUS=2QQJ


)^PI2DO9X:FD_:8W%M/]W0HJ\E=Q=6:CE[Q_6
MGT6_HUX[QJSZ7$7$L
?EGA7PWC\'3S_

M.ZJAAIO#JK#+
'6KXS%3H*$94_)_VX?VSOC5^VQ\=]=\7^*-8'_5:M$UM9V
M-I))/X9^OP_
DCZ=H^D0.ZJ^K7$;;XV=5OM5U*2;5[SRH3;1P?/%A:Z1X)T



BQ^7Y)B

I






MS36RP
8GDCC#?5*QV)T+3=)U$PCP]%XON]-F-Q*QM)=(TRZU&[M;6YDD*^;8





MW@36;0Z3XF2Q@O$M#






M6\





GXAR'&5

)7452Q

M-\8:[X._8J_:8\0^&-9U'P_X@T[X/^.)=*US1[RYT[5](O5T2[
&H:;J%H\5

G(.?F)7()//)8'DX//7''!KX5_X*7NI






?!OA6]TG2/B?'X
M8T'3?$.I^+H-+LKS07U&/3)-
M=4%L][8V-]-(MDVH2V[N&CBMY&M&$9AC
K

B^




M:+:FXKN1N0\/_#S3/#6EWUO;75[K.NWUOJ$9\3Z_
M]KAN+NSDM5V7)3=:6Z
M!EQ%;!

MLLL%GH.'U3Q

+\7UMIQBTZ2WMWL)[1$AC2[6*555YD_GW&Y?G^/A



M'^A98\8)X.

PG4@#D]#M
M!R

K3JU%%WJU'O3
MP]%?O*U65E&
6D^9I+^'?HZ?1]SOQVXKJ4JE:ID' /#;H9AQSQC6H5)X?*\N



M5:LMY




)
M4HQ6




32DITG+#U*]*K9N%7#U*U&K&5.;Y?&


M3@USTZLI8F-15&OWBO7D^5N\/:.







M_4U3U'3K'6K\TK5+6.]TV^@:\M)0?+DB.
L
$%)8R!+#*A62&9$EB9'12+
MS]1SN[%N/F8 !FP/E 8_

)#+JWUN



MOAS5VCFNM UA8]EQ KVMP(-1M+RVB_R\OC#XQ\1Z+XVU'1]=MM/U/X5G2?#M



M-).

R7Q&\+

MA@J^*BIUY8#P\XHS&5:M+


^UKPQK_ (Q^%MWH'AT::+ZZ


EOJGP




?^&)/V


8)/?/.0

M?:+&N0$$-CZ]/OD8  )_8


+@C=V!)V@

;2 

</_P!A&'_]2


M;T*F&H3K8SFQDJ-*=;$SE;EE)5$J-.
G&-I-W=O]]\VX*\.\9P]A\YSOQ'PO





MC0PF S+B&IBJE2KFTU4ITZ#A[&EB90J4[81XI*5*BZL5[/E]HWJFOQ;CS@VE




23@#CN1QC@'MD?7U++F:VT

M*V-_LS!9/ALAK1Q/$F?8S'4I5

)+9(0X9;TR'



3




G[51^C_ (2_$'QK\1X)M7UOX?/X3\
S
MVJW.A:E)J#7



M=K?2UU.1HY+H!&U'5);6*S




DEQ8

M[!8.M*%'%M49R=2O*G6IX:'NTY.=*/*VG$_T@XZR_QAS?PS\#N?&:.58'+
M

MYA@H8#



Q?T?QO.^KR6/P
M3^&0'AA]5:\M]=U^QL_LNEZ)I&FP)+JMG:2+L:^U:875LEYY3O)&DZ1W%R7N
M7:+G_P!F;1;;POI?Q02UORW@_3O&
]KI-Y?3*L0MM(AF2^O9[@;8U5XWMFN9

M%1HK^S(Y5BJ^80YG]7RS


./.B_UTL:MO^4MC

86^

MA0^$K#6]#'VK1+.SBN=;O)+LK'A8(+:6U*;I)[V62WA$CQQQQ!U=R/\ 3E_8

M*?#ZF'7M-;39'

X':OIN 
1B
5F6-^M8/#8O2P/LJM#451ASQQ:;G.
M*J54YS;O*2G)7]U62Y5_+G[03(L@R/PWX(APOQ?Q/QMD./XTIYCEF=\59O7S
MG'O5^$,9C@L/B
3E^65:6782-!4L+0G@:


+/

MGG AGY ^1CC)!.!QU..3@*._ICIZ1\6]/6P\1R7:I(JWZ0W.\X\O
L*P!8\'



MO




L
M

W5YO:*5)M---N^A_.WT
ME^#L[X ^CEQGPGG7#V


M\




M9ME$HX?/

M[*6=9;3E##9KE\<3
M3KT:CNI?Y^7P@^'7PL\,Z=_PDW@PGDGU.*6UN-4U:XDN=8M6A95NM)G61$7





PO2CG6%JXG%X_)\U5?
M XQ^P^HUJEP



')P
$\\

MFV20
S(JC. 2[QNL:\
[*RKDC%2!X\!BZA#C#

7QUIFA7%Z-/M?$OAS65DBO]/-PT<L!CTW5F836US$]K<9E
MF0Q$[NDT#PE
+BSU'5]+TG0+#2I&N-!\%Z&L1TW3K^3*2:SJMS!%!#JFMA&


.SO)-






Z2LE9_P+4/$_B_Q?^D'PCQSQ
MIF




+.<X7#<

-1PCH.MC
3C\5&HL+&OIWP_U33+SP]XE;QUX^N]%EU;0

'2=4T3PWX9T[6?$5WXJU*'Q-HC7


MW&@68))(XZ8)(Z]


#S;
M&<UWCJ+JO-
&Q

MBNY(V_C60/@!L#]@P]-RG;2UFW9OY=^K=S_(FK+ECZM(H?%O0#JFA)J$




MH^G_ -I^_M+#]I3]HQ;VUURZL[WQ+XVTVY'AZT:\U)$O/B#XCB:155U




RP

MXZ'GGE2


M%

N%5CH5\

M 5*C#A\-64$
*)=W?FQ3Z7



PB(
MR(^T
)G
@SG!\XU#XJ:Q:0:9-!H4-R;[3M$GD1&N


N/


EU+O*



:T(I8-3O&M%\ZO

BQ*2
&(G(W 9CAT*S@D
WF27


M:.8X_AW$\3X5YG@



@R/&YCC:

T:CRJ[PF'E


M.WQ9\

M4MLD']2=I;0:?:PV5K$L5OJQ(D:@'C& J@ G(R2#]#Z0Z1HECH6G6NEZ;;
MQ6MO:PQQ1QQ(JJ$1-BG \[0.H )& 





M]X#O-4N;^U@DF\27OQ4

/(LUAN93YFUFH



SQW6WS ID9XCN_&
77PD\)@\')Y)'$1Q=*=2&.Q.'E3CA

\#Q5Q5QCA
-XT5\CK\*YI
M@LMQ_!/#^?8;&XK/UA:V%RG9'FN+XEQ%.-'8V']GK'X/AJ&71RI8WDG0IS
#=4^+6O:)X6U_QS<^%GTC6=3\/:EI]MI=M-;ZM;O<7:M DVQ$M%B\D2
MO
\?7/A^RN-4U6SLK:)9GDFB 5PSQLSRI'$DP3YQ#+</%
M%(RXV1.9ZHK
/NG3[*+3;&TL(





M$


16A%5HJ
V
MJ=63@G**M=)-:V9\OQW])CQ;\1^&\?PEQ3F^2U\DS2M@*^/HY=PMD&4XG%2R

CN:]^_FOO\ RT/P(QO( !.3A@-OH#@$=#\P(!QCKTQS




M!5CB)F)







M^'-%6W4%3;C3;(PD%I&YB\C'624Y XWM@\DURVOZM_81M/!7@33[+Q-JD37
M$$$,$2Z5X;L)5N/$6JQP((HP@P+*W=2]Y=A




+4R3A#*.%


/A5X5^%'@_1?!G@_1[+2-'T.PM=.LK.QMXK




''&#



6_)(

HS3'9'FN69UEM94
QR?

'FF KNG3J*E

M7


^#W[U



M0I!;IL0




M

MSA*4)PE&49QDXRC*+4HRC*+4HRC*
91DFFI)---)K^*?_@KU_P $K_\ A6EU
MXF^+WPU\.37_ 

MB)/.H37!F_X2S0TA4FST[[5+]HOQG




M#B74Q&'Q:HX&K5JT



ES6PD8M5
37T5
M.*E3TJ-J/^J'&_CYD
.$\?B







M2A^DECO&O/H9!PX\?E'A7PQC

MY\75JXEUE@J.(IX3#JE&FXPY[[
&.7N-$\%W&HNLMXGEP*4)1MP3&%?#O&RL\A!M% X
M*$R)-/;2QB.7U_3]-M--A6&VCX4*SD+O8 LP!V@!4#,Y6- L:EF*JS$]-'





MGEN8KIVPIR&W

.9)&5T8 #=D%6 (]C\DGJ!G'WSG+')R<!B .RCC ZBD,'1NP;&<'
M@XY4 \D\8)&,9)I2C&<748RA-.$H2BI1E&2<91E%IIQDFTU;6YOAL5B<'B<

M'\&W[5__  1N^
7@?]IWPKX&^$G@]O%O@?QIK]R? _BB]@DN(_AHLRB35;;Q
M'J/EO):V%C8^9/INIY

MX.



?

#!/)XH-O

 9R?E/.[COC/XYZ$=CDFCR1T'RG ;
M! [9X(S@$8&23D=N:^D/YE


M/.@Q\BW




ISZ/9E
M/N@#(R!!9@D=

M5C%0NDD[K9(VA*5MWN^K
:YBC1@47;NR6 +$$^^XDGZ9Q^M36Z1956B1@'()


\;/]D6;!=R=

-BPP'.



04444 %%%% !1110 4444 ?__9
end








begin 644 img_005.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!


[F=B
DB.- TDC8YVHK-C)
MQ@548RG)1A&4Y2=HQBG*3;Z))-M^B(J5(4H2J5)QIP@FY2G)1BDMVW)I+[R\
M#FHI)8HD:2:1(XU&6:0A%4=R2V

M*

2621U1(HHEWSS2

M/?RVEG&Q6WE():81+@

@





MYCF4$?@



M*7
G4C.4&TVFC_4:AU74(-C0S! 






MU32:\T[^I_&F.R6I@
55P6:9=['$TI2C5C7H*
G*G.47JU9I-.SBVI)W\CK[

M
200L;1$J029+D#J.
[TNM5;\CR:^0


MA223E@Z_-VIU5KZ*:_5'NU!(')KA-+\:6\X6.]41OM7
B @


M7ZV9\QBL%BL'+DQ%&=-WLI--PE_AFERO[T_(FHHHJ#EBBB@ HHHH **** 






M

\

MFZ=I
7]E0VXAO-1N$@ABNLK*\DDTJ)N9O\ 6.0IK^MO_@X+U3QGHG[$GA*





?!


M#8K]8?'_ 




O OB70;^WUCPWK.BV\2ZKI
MNKZ;)'=6%]IM]9SQ7%G=6\\23PRQLKAT 4KT/^LC^QUXP\2_$#]E;]GKQIXQ

@0

MG*GY@:TE ![C)PO((8GD8()QVR2
#OCO^MN#:3:M)Q3Y5JM5=;:O1].A_.LU
M*$G&:E479QE3FFFNGPI)]]]^Q8I P/0U@ZOXE\/:!\^LZSINFPQJS2RWM[

A]2C!.0<YSQGJ1]3VVGZ_A6KI^JW^GR(T$LFS*C:#RRH1^[RP=64JF
^6$J02&S!K$*1_ )-QR<XR!
M7BGB+]M+XQZRN--N=,\-'SROIML+B18QC8FZZ$@R.[$'J<YQ@;PPE6=DTDF

MBI2LGRTW)-OW8N[2?[/4G7((XX[]?\




M



EGF
M_:U5*.$IOWFM'5DOL0?9?:DO1:W:^4XCXACE=-X7#-5
PJPYDG9K#TYW2J27

C&

\T[2
MW$O/4I&









MR



X[\YK_ E/ <6D6'Q'N]/T.\BURTUFL?MMLWF


0K0EHDG*-M-+ZN

M'QJU2(P77C_6(T88:.U:.T)4YY+PJK
?DCX@\.:YX4U*?2/


8K)(& .@!)X[D]SZGT[]J4C'7

MVF:&OVNY7.P[7O+G$2N





M]4? ^


MZ$HRDW*\-IIM-6:T:9_*LHRA*4))J46XM/HTVFOPWV?0****0@HHHH ****





MJRLP
75
+/#^O:U%-_8T_BG3[+3]




U^?VE?\%6?V?=1\3'2+S0/&VC:&\ZP

*
L1@\'6K4*:?/5



[QJ0DXSA*+C*+4G%I


M;M*^FNESX._X*/?LE?$3]KC]GOPWX*^&7C;0/!'C3P[\4_#_ ([L-0UZYDM(


M]I/2?A;8C0)X[G^U'MU9W2VGEC
*/&.;<.1R?(:_#53*)45A:F$Q'^7TZL;0]EST\3'%1KQ:YN:#FVHM)Q2L




M_$

MXSW\N5E




MMM?-MM^K=WUZD;LJ*[':-JLQ+#@*26.

MK(P&UP5RI#'.

&*CZUY-\'=9DO_#=

?EQDC=+
M.@4@'YGQUXKZ?_9_\
'P!\

M[5T5)-X:DEI).+MT:YNJ7=+\3[;




W:?

MJL.S*<JRGD,#R#CYSCMM*L;O4[G1=+LM'?6KL:AJKV4$<5QJ=ZJI$+O4+B-
UY%;F:6CDEIS;M:.]E;\%QN0XBGA:F


8N4FH

MD;%'0_9H[D!UE
6[XP^)'Q$\
# )(F\MXH5GVAY9WX7?M._$^R_:<^




/!'PWLGD@N

M7TU3;:#H5@BX2*VL+-4.(P/
N'EFDS(Q-?L'_P $@5)\._&IQC8=7\
#&._V

M3::D$

MG.?Q.7=W;TZ;'E5)/G:N]&[:ORO^A^['_!);XIWVJ^%?'OPFU*[DN+;PE=6V



[*@_O.P4=CQGJ1


M/#\XM-3-GY









M4=%RI*/


M;:UL/&]GID;37.BZQIP9-

U-
M=.DLK@:G':RV!C/VR.\CCDMGB^Z$N$D#(R

MJ(%VC9E$(P H K@*!\HG@#KQSD9KY3^(^J^%?AA\4/@I?7
=GX=\)R)XST
MHRV\$-E86VJ:E9V!M9IDB5(T$WDS15A@+(Q&





[*,HVTZJS7Z,]P\.ZJNIV2[F+3PA
M1)N8%V4Y.V
?


M[OV[/VA[OX(_M/#OA!FN/BE\4[AO7@JPM3OOK871\C4-8C@0^:PMT?[+;L
MHR;J9%C.17XT_M%WEG\#OAAX7_98T&Z6Y\57ALOB'^T'K4



M?ZJX/RW#36%U=2C3I1QN(J4TI1Q&-D[4*4K7:AA8?%&22]H[VTN?C-:2@FF]












MBATJYM8H+Q\'VMWXEM9[GYI+F.9VEC4-&GSU\;/^K/QK\
?&75?!_@K0OA

M9KZR5;QRKC

M[*1^/(N([^*'[1&Q1E+B&X8YSS@+WKJ_V)O+7]F[X=K;NYMOL.HKY+LSB*\C


M-A22GS*

MIMH99


CJXN+N8//)Y
MB9=BS85B3QFO5S\QW$
+A6%



M_P!FU 0L2$G/EM@J%!D(5&8'DD3+%%&%SM\^3(P21QU(\T)+=KWE\MUUZ?D?

MD


MX@M%
D5M*LLTCW

:PPTU:EAL-!Q\YUFY5'VT2

\:2*5X\FY@=E8P75HX






@S_%\*


,QNX^I'XU
M:<C2))')2LT<D<L)#!2LL3K)&X)X!5E!!/R@X)[5GBHSK4
1&G[LW0E&G&*
MVFTTFK+=]]/(1_9KX$TFPT#P3X0T32[=+'3M-\

M9:\C'=







MV_V;I.D:+=LD=T3?RQP6T+;[^N-.TO6[C3K;6=(TG6;19IY$M-7TZSU.V1



_6^ TJV10JO2V+::2O









MX+CRGF9PHP
U]]_M._#-OB-\
-6AT^




M^9
;^\A
A51EN(TPY&00PS7RM^PEXZN;#QGKOP]N+ESIWB#39]7TZWD8LD6I
MV&U;EH@
A1+:L79%QN

MI%=DB$A16R^W%855)S]U7C[M^C5K]'Y?D?&5Z&



 :


%6902I!Y!0Y4@

MV].GX'Y'BZ
J&)KT7[OLZLXI./3F;CNU]EH\]^(6N:;_ &BVEZCIL=_!'&07




1M;

5FW%U9P6
[0/HAAAT[3S9&*&'[7

M2I-2C=N6CO&2C=V/R#
N+?Q)<^'TU.]O]
WDV)U;Q5J


MG6%M;?8X93]JEB26W0@.*Y3PYXU^)GPK'@7P?X
N]?MM7NM1ACU+2=0CDTS[

MI+FY^'


2Q8Y+E

T9C;7^OVEBHGN_#VL^4$744N((Y?LB
MW*3)*Y:V=-CDU^+?QM\*:)\9?A?;_M.^-(@T'Q)I6J1^&/V@O!.FV_DP:+X

K/3T .G:=KSJ_VZ!5^SV]Z2H*LQ%?LW#W%2QE'PQM&=25*M*I+]
M[1Q%1)4%-M)JC45U!O3F?*[-HX*M!PE)WZNRUU\E9Z^G;4^(J:YP#[@K^!Z_






O=ERW[6T^6_ZG






CM YSZ$8!/'I

M\DU:^


8/7&H6N?8]NGX@







MO_#==A./%VEGR\\DH[-MSR.



^/

M:- QV\&OX




M/L27P[K

MFNENI_.O\4OA]J_PH^(GC#X=ZY%(-0\*:[?:6S[61;NTB??I]W 7 $D5W9RV

MO;CC%FU#;.S



IOGC[--\RNF?=?B:_
M5K:4[\EO
* ]UR &R#WY[]1UP:^=;V4?\)5X;93R-?T@G.21_ID1/UY^N?SK
MRWP;^TOK$_BW3O@3^TKX2TWX



DG%*_
M
M;MVNN]U:]N^Q[Q^T3(&^$/Q$&XECI ..


UXU^T'()/A)X_92#_P 2H XY.#?V_7VSC!P.

:CJ

9K0/5??.1G'YGIQUSSBOA

ZEC+OKL?BCK-L^JV7@W17;_ (1;P%;MH.FHIW?;=41MVNZW
\Y)6Z:
M66R71:[L_JGA/A^CEF%A75&-+GI\N%I\NM.*O%SJO[52I*//*6[YHK96/;_V
M;=/DU+XY_#JW1WE:Y)J$@4;ML=I:7+LWLJNJCN<<]Z^U[[2)#^W;I\L ./^
M$7_M&Z50 %;^RI+3=(1VW%.6.20!TQGYV_8BT
ZE\:H]1P3'X?\ #VI7K.1C
MRYKUX[2-0W17)




MT=1=:):V]H\[B7S%A5U!E:02;' &]?+V*2 2WSXR3T'S5@7
B3R-*D:Q;\#R



H)6%]F
M0


MM/$5G4DN9N
8W\HI[??^O4\TNT

MS''
8P2



YQ@_-




HCMX@
[FD  R


$+.V+@/<Z_H\J(V%=DM9Y=X3.-W$R\X&!R:]PT*..72=




.AW4EG!)=F+[64A4FOT-\.^++OQYHMYX^N'N/)\9ZSJVKZ7:721



M4



6UW<7^(_DLCP<L/BG0Q/-B:?[F483A/#T

<*2!G!.T5Z_\ L(RF7]F[P=&S$F#5/%%N.ORZ]?R#&#Z

=VH6[\@9 Y&



M/FDN5N[EO'9:NVGJ?9Z\HIY^89Y.2.2/IV^E.I!@  # 48 ]NOJ?6EKI/O!A





?%&D^+?$OB'XJ^
/&'BZS
MT'P1I


M/L=





FFJELL&'B 

M?\*ZD1M4


M52K1Q$*+A7J3:7








M6-'=B1@ 8S@YKPLUP






M3FDYQ6ME?25];O[S)ZN;Y?Q'F4LLPTL9@JV
GB:E-U84*$HSQ#JPYZ]6I2I\






MKX;$XJ
M:U6;GAL5+TZ^E5NK&JXJHV[P:YERQE9K166Q_2?^:X?&3R2IB



[X#_!#Q!X8TCQ+X#\3V5H

.5P5*-.=)P=
M[)7LD]?V@^.4I7X6^.%+
7;2@26W?
1?P+N3OM8\X)Z@\5[U^P&3_P 
V^&\





M\87_ (
'AG3[:?PC\.M'O?&4GQ/N]6DN;_2?#
'AQ+6%+6P\-YM];N]9N8--

[36BDM.I^

TSXB_%+5514DM3XAU6\B?PYX=
].@MNY^AXP?7_'M]*\3-^*LVSQ...JMTI2<G26BB[/7W=WYKN?2Y

M%+P]#/\ V3KEG)'#%#/KZQ6]W!%''N500/ZL_%-@=2T'4+=8]\JP_:8HPQ4R
M26SK
(-Z\J+A4:!B.J2
I!!(KX^U+2K2_CN])U.UM-1L)6D@N;2[@BNK:Z0!


M6KK(FDZ7

?C*ES8P-8V5^FF?#6WU'3;1







M%&KE^%E5;34%9KMNNJ/RX^








M2]E2G5FI65G&]6SE4Z-/[=K:


?F1K=7CP6\?[JWBCB1(Q\U


MI\34N
ZU:
Z&08N'#
Z'/1EB
X49*G&M*E_$CR*+49OE3U6NWV7\7O&:7/PX

(6%NQDML'#DR1[V)Y(P*^V/V%C_[
OP



DP

\%C


M3&IY*UZ5J_AE]C_ &BOAM,A\[0;VT\:Z+V2S0:7J4@:5?[BMIFI)E5RS11

V*CZE%XJ\4RDD?=O=2^S6C
!][$%H &/!4J%R
FO:G

M9
6M+R-@6$\+HX*

[R1JI
MEE6

YNI5PDMI1ZRY8SYHVDKQMU5[?:M%-4D$ACS@'L
9SCGW #8].N#5
MFTA
]S BJ'RW^KW!/


WNG1Z
ME A
ULRPR%0275F_T9B$1W9DF=[:-1M5?MLDLAVQ@K[7#^



M$:


M:FXQC%\B5IV2NO)/?ON9TS1^=)*Q$4*/)
VX\11!C)@N?^6

2LN[(Y0DC!%

M!QUP#7])/[7OQ


M4?*UT64

MY5?EUTZ'+$D\FFL



D#T'&36%X8\
Z!X
M\/Z3X5\+:5::)X?T*RAT_2]
LHUC@MK:! B?= 
DKX+RSR9EFD+22$L36[7\
M\Y]G-3/
M3;V,4,YO=3G_LNS R
37D3

D'


ML(5A(P1T/;./MK]@^WD@_9P\)S-RM[=ZW/&2/F\L:MJ
C([!H),9Y['H*^


\_+G[0FB7/AFX^%GAZ[AE@GTGX5Z)
M;W$



MDL7.
:6*PN










P
M5069B%50





6G1R 75^;.UG8F&
M'EY8X)9(F'R'$CQX&XBOS


ME?!\78S&XG/


M@MKN4HL*9Y\ZX

M@
#.1C[%,XZ$X7)(X.,\GUKU6SM]$\-V][J=OIEG9I:V
MPD86MM''+/)@*$
H#LT\I$2(NTEFY. 37G^EMMN&(!R;I@

MM=DUCQ-IN@QC=::4D&N:RPPPDEY72K)LG!#R$RE&Z[00.
US4HP@G%+WN_3?
M7]#KK2E/5OW5TZWV7D=_X;TZ2RT^Q2Z827MS-/J.HN1AVOKV/[1+G/58AMM@

MB/+#9Z3?7=U*$5%.X$@^=
^=L
T
MCD^YB-SM) *[00)?V'_#FL^&;'XJ^'/$FG266JZ3XFM+2]LKA 5C9+(B.1&P
M%EBNXBLL3J741L

:;M^*Z;O\CRIY'Q#6A'V]&M55)2<?:XFG4C325YI.=9
MM**BWO96V1]L^'-,.HW\8(;R4):1@#@(FTR88<*VQUC4J1(KS1RH(V(]N10
MBA5    P.@P

MW$]MF![F




M8QRW


WP4Z:48
MXJDI3PU1I74[.]-NS?)52Y9=G:6Z/Y/O 7CN^L_ ?[77[86N3-#K?Q#O]0^&

Y


M4/\ ''\PZ/T?Y





M\5S?^))K.*


?H/K_0T


=
U2YT\ZY)/J\%



MYUR./3FTK39OL+127UC-IJRLC-&OV@PW-S':ZYYCXO8[96XP2?MGX?2P\;

.N-
!0RYY

MPH**** BBB@ HHHH ^/_P!LS]C_ ,_M??#&X\*:Z+?1_&VBQ7=Y\/O&ZVW
MG7?AW5ID0O:WBQ[9KWP[JS06\.LZ:'!=8H+ZT
6HV-G/'^+'[)W_  3+\2?#
MKQO/XV_:0TNQ2\\+ZU/'X5\&PW







M_*M%57PU^W%^V7XX_:-^$2^.?A-^RIX6_9H?XQ?$?P5XV\?2_'?P]?ZOI?@&
M#4(]!^$'CW0+$^(D6[USQWXCM=4\.P6

M(YD/F

'PQU7Q5:WM_977ANP\=^&

)*^0?$MY\.?%'B R:


.PRE6P]2VZ<N50O^MS]%P^X;MPP03@_Q9QCGG.#T]



DA #2M@+N;:
#:JJB(!M



4*!*\-U+1]1T


T4
6KZ%
M8);3W.K6\\MF\=M8I9M-?1[F



MW_;+:U;^-_$%KJ^I7BZM:^.]/\9:O+
]S'IME%X@TYRN@W)@@LQ#'!
RKJ*H
7[P2F]U*PBM_M$D=O:A#_7E'^S!\ =.\MH/A9X%MFMY1<1%



W%PPTY2M
MB))$F620P D1'.X#.XL37ENO?LF?LA^(KZXOM0^'&A75]?1)#=:A!HVJ6UU-
M&LAE5#,MVI$2R,7

%U?I+
S
M*<]AGVZ5I6&DW
MM_(B01,0P!W$9^0DC=MRN%.U@)5BW *9%8@4^GZMJR7SV^_74FK6I4(.I5J





%#

]U)-?U\SQ77?A6CEYM'G&XG=Y,FR-QE_F*A52W?Y<+'&JVF
R32%B1Y
M'J^@:IHLIBN[:2






Q]L ?7%8L?
M@ZRDDW*LDIR

MA@]4&0V.0.:4H3C\47'U1I2C*M'FHIU(K1NYEVL[+\#MHO#5K I62+RBV,-
M=26EJ,CKA TC]QD9&0#GM





&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;8.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;DEPOSITS, PREPAYMENTS&#13;    AND OTHER RECEIVABLES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-transform: uppercase&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Prepaid expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;23,571,363&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;17,808,559&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Deposits&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;9,000,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;330,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;    &#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;10.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;TRADE PAYABLES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Trade payables&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;44,636&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;118,115&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;44,636&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;118,115&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;For&#13;the larger suppliers, the Group makes payment in advance for the inventories. For the smaller suppliers, the Group obtains credit&#13;terms ranging from 30 to 90 days.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;A&#13;concentration analysis of the suppliers based on the purchases made during the year is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&#13;30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2018 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Supplier A&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;41&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Supplier B&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;17&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;8&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Supplier C&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;10&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;13&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Supplier D&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;8&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;45&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Supplier E&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;8&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;11&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Supplier F&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;7&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;21&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&#13;30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2018 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&#13;30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2017 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;Profit before income tax&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;59,767,974&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;55,848,176&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;Taxation at the applicable&#13;    tax rate of 25%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;14,941,994&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;13,962,044&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;Tax effect on non-taxable income&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;(42,182&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;(53,512&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0&gt;Tax effects of expense&#13;    that are not deductible&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;808,014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;190,229&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;td style=width: 48px; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Description of Business&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on June 16, 1977. The Company has been in the business of the development&#13;of mineral deposits. During 1983 all activities were abandoned, and the Company had remained inactive until June 29, 2018 when&#13;it acquired the business of Reliant Galaxy International Limited (&amp;#8220;Reliant&amp;#8221;). The Company and its subsidiaries (the&#13;&amp;#8220;Group&amp;#8221;) are principally engaged in the trading of spirits in the People&amp;#8217;s Republic of China (the &amp;#8220;PRC&amp;#8221;).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(c)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Financial instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Financial&#13;instruments of the Group primarily consist of cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, deposits, prepayments and other receivables,&#13;prepaid land lease, trade payables, receipts in advance, accruals and other payables, and bank borrowings. The carrying values&#13;of the Group&amp;#8217;s financial instruments approximate their fair values, principally because of the short-term maturity of these instruments&#13;or their terms.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(d)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(g)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(i)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;VAT and VAT refund&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(j)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Operating leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(n)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Business combinations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(o)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Transactions between&#13;    entities under common control&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(p)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Commitments and&#13;    contingencies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1in; background-color: White&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: justify&gt;Category&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 30%; font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;Estimated useful life&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 29%; font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;Estimated residual values&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;PROPERTY, PLANT&#13;    AND EQUIPMENT, NET&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Property,&#13;plant and equipment, net, consist of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30, 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Computer and office equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;268,550&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;221,868&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Building&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;3,754,625&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;3,400,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;4,023,175&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;3,621,868&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(727,029&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(501,702&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30, 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Computer and office equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;268,550&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;221,868&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Building&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;3,754,625&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;3,400,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;4,023,175&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;3,621,868&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(727,029&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(501,702&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30, 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Prepaid land lease&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;5,412,120&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;5,412,120&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Less: accumulated amortization&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(393,020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(283,340&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30, 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Current assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;109,680&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;109,680&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Non-current assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;4,909,420&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;5,019,100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;6.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;INVENTORIES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Inventories&#13;consist of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June&amp;#160;30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Raw materials&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;4,451,541&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: right&gt;5,924,514&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2,622,873&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2,203,370&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June&amp;#160;30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Raw materials&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;4,451,541&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: right&gt;5,924,514&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2,622,873&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2,203,370&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;REVENUE AND OTHER&#13;    INCOME&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-transform: uppercase&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Revenue&#13;represents the invoiced spirits products sold to the external customers less discounts, returns, and surcharges.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;June 30, &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Revenue&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;101,759,660&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;91,144,666&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Other income&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;155,700&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;227,552&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;101,915,360&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;91,372,218&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;All&#13;revenue is derived in China.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;A&#13;concentration analysis of the revenue is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;June 30, &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Customer A&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;16&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;30&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Customer B&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;16&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;27&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Customer C&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;12&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;15&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Customer D&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;11&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;12&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Customer E&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;11&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Customer F&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;9&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Others&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;25&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;9&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;An&#13;analysis of other income is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&#13;30,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Sundry income&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;25&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Bank interest income&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;78,200&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;13,481&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Interest from a director&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;214,046&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Written back of other payables&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;77,500&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;7.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;TRADE RECEIVABLES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June&amp;#160;30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June&amp;#160;30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Trade receivables&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;33,933,857&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;47,517,200&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;33,933,857&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;47,517,200&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June&amp;#160;30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June&amp;#160;30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&#13;30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2018 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&#13;30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2017 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Within 1 year&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;134,294&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;115,211&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;After 1 year but within 2 years&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;18,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;After 2 years but within 3 years&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;9,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;After 3 years&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Prepaid expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;23,571,363&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;17,808,559&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Deposits&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;9,000,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;330,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;9.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Cash on hand&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;394,082&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;183,119&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Cash held in banks&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;26,110,880&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;6,424,288&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;26,504,962&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;6,607,407&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Cash on hand&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;394,082&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;183,119&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Cash held in banks&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;26,110,880&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;6,424,288&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-transform: uppercase&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;    &#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;17.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;OPERATING LEASE&#13;    ARRANGEMENT&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;Group has total future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating lease payable as follows:&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&#13;30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2018 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&#13;30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2017 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Within 1 year&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;134,294&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;115,211&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;After 1 year but within 2 years&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;18,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;After 2 years but within 3 years&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;9,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;After 3 years&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;161,294&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;115,211&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;11.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;RECEIPTS IN ADVANCE,&#13;    ACCRUALS AND OTHER PAYABLES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Receipts&#13;in advance, accruals and other payables consist of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;Accrued expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;2,288,475&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;1,853,366&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;Accrued payroll and bonus&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;272,408&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;181,334&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;Other payables&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;734,122&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;626,167&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;Other tax payables&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;623,868&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;377,257&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;    &#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;19.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;CONTINGENT LIABILITIES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;Accrued expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;2,288,475&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;1,853,366&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;Accrued payroll and bonus&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;272,408&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;181,334&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;Other payables&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;734,122&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;626,167&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;Other tax payables&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;623,868&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;377,257&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt 10pt; text-align: center; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-left: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Issued and fully paid&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares to be issued&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=font-weight: bold; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;b&gt;Additional&#13;    paid in capital&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-left: 10pt; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-align: left; text-indent: -10pt; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;b&gt;Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;Number&#13;                                         of shares &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; text-align: center; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; text-align: center; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;US$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; text-align: center; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; text-align: center; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;RMB&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&#13;                                         of shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; text-align: center; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; text-align: center; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;US$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; text-align: center; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; text-align: center; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;RMB&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; text-align: center; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; text-align: center; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;US$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; text-align: center; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; text-align: center; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;RMB&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; text-align: center; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; text-align: center; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;RMB&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;At&#13;June 30, 2017 and June 30, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;4,269,950&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;4,270&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;27,775&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;(4,269&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;(27,774&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;1&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: -10pt&gt;Common stock conversion&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;37,921,530&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;37,922&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;246,671&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;246,671&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: -10pt&gt;Conversion of amount&#13;    due to a director&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;15,000,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;15,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;97,570&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;27,209&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;176,986&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;274,556&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: -10pt&gt;Shares issued for cash&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;13,000,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;13,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;84,561&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;91,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;591,925&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;676,486&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: -10pt&gt;Shares issued as consideration for business acquisition&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;28,000,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;28,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;182,131&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;182,131&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: -10pt&gt;Shares to be issued as consideration for business acquisition&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;321,296,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;321,296&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;2,126,520&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;2,126,520&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;Reverse merger&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;(113,940&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;(741,137&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;(741,137&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&#13;30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2018 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&#13;30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2017 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Revenue generated from related party&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;14,359,832&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;25,110,022&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Interest income from director&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;214,046&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Trade receivables from related party&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;15,000,875&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;July 1,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;Settlement&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Repayment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;New Loans&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Amount due to director&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;(13,395,233&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;(13,395,233&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Amount due from director&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;16,642,476&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(178,277&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(4,650,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;11,814,199&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Net amount due from/(to) director&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;3,247,243&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;(178,277&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;(4,650,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;(1,581,034&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;July 1,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Settlement&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Repayment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;New Loans&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Amount due to director&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(13,395,233&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(95,976,484&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(109,371,717&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Amount due from director&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;11,814,199&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1,326,150&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;13,140,349&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&#13;30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2018 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&#13;30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2017 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June&amp;#160;30, &lt;br /&gt; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June&amp;#160;30, &lt;br /&gt; 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 1.4pt&gt;Sundry income&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;25&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 1.4pt&gt;Bank interest income&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;78,200&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;13,481&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 1.4pt&gt;Interest from the director&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;214,046&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 1.4pt&gt;Written back of other payables&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;77,500&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;SELLING AND DISTRIBUTION&#13;    EXPENSES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;following expenses are included in the selling and distribution expenses:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;June 30, &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Freight&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;40,623&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;114,539&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Packaging cost&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1,090,553&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;846,298&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;June 30, &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Freight&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;40,623&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;114,539&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Packaging cost&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1,090,553&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;846,298&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&#13;30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2018 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Supplier A&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;41&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Supplier B&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;17&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;8&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Supplier C&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;10&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;13&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Supplier D&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;8&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;45&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Supplier E&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;8&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;11&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Supplier F&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;7&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;21&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;June 30, &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Customer A&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;16&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;30&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Customer B&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;16&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;27&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Customer C&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;12&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;15&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Customer D&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;11&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;12&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Customer E&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;11&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Customer F&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;9&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;    &#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;22.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;NOTE TO THE CONSOLIDATED&#13;    STAETMENT OF CASH FLOWS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 35.45pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Disclosure&#13;of non-cash transactions:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 35.45pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;a.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Renminbi&#13;                                         94,051,934 of the amount due to a director relates to Reliant&amp;#8217;s acquisition of&#13;                                         Sure Rich Investment (Group) Limited being the consideration of Sure Rich Investment&#13;                                         (Group) Limited payable by Reliant. The amount is due to the seller of Sure Rich Investment&#13;                                         (Group) Limited, who is also a director of Reliant and the Company.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;b.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;June 30, &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Revenue&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;101,759,660&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;91,144,666&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Other income&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;155,700&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;227,552&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;SUMMARY&#13;    OF BUSINESS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Description&#13;    of Business&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on June 16, 1977. The Company has been in the business of the development&#13;of mineral deposits. During 1983 all activities were abandoned, and the Company had remained inactive until June 29, 2018 when&#13;it acquired the business of Reliant Galaxy International Limited (&amp;#8220;Reliant&amp;#8221;). The Company and its subsidiaries (the&#13;&amp;#8220;Group&amp;#8221;) are principally engaged in the trading of spirits in the People&amp;#8217;s Republic of China (the &amp;#8220;PRC&amp;#8221;).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Details&#13;of the subsidiaries are set out in note 20 to the consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(b)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;    basis of consolidation and presentation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;Consolidated Financial Statements include the Financial Statements of Oranco, Inc. and the Financial Statements of its wholly-owned&#13;subsidiaries.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Subsidiaries&#13;are all entities over which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to or has rights to&#13;variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the&#13;investee. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are de-consolidated&#13;from the date that control ceases.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP.&#13;The Company operates in one reportable segment and solely within the PRC. Accordingly, no segment or geographic information has&#13;been presented.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Non-controlling&#13;interests are shown as a component of shareholders&amp;#8217; equity on the consolidated balance sheet and the share of the net income&#13;attributable to non-controlling interests is shown as a component of net income in the consolidated statements of operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Business&#13;Combinations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;acquisition of other subsidiaries that meet the criteria for business combinations is accounted for using the acquisition method&#13;of accounting. The consideration transferred for the acquisition is the fair values of the assets transferred, the liabilities&#13;incurred to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;consideration transferred includes the fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement.&#13;Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured initially&#13;at their fair values at the acquisition date. The Group recognizes any non-controlling interest in the acquiree at the non-controlling&#13;interest&amp;#8217;s proportionate share of the recognized amounts of the acquiree&amp;#8217;s identifiable net assets. Acquisition-related&#13;costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Any&#13;contingent consideration to be transferred by the Group are recognized at fair value at the acquisition date. Subsequent changes&#13;to the fair value of the contingent consideration that is deemed to be an asset or liability is recognized, either in the Statement&#13;of Operations or as a change to other comprehensive income. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured,&#13;and its subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity. Goodwill is initially measured as the excess of the aggregate of&#13;the consideration transferred and the fair value of non-controlling interest over the identifiable net assets acquired and liabilities&#13;assumed.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(c)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Financial&#13;    instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Financial&#13;instruments of the Group primarily consist of cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, deposits, prepayments and other receivables,&#13;prepaid land lease, trade payables, receipts in advance, accruals and other payables, and bank borrowings. The carrying values&#13;of the Group&amp;#8217;s financial instruments approximate their fair values, principally because of the short-term maturity of these&#13;instruments or their terms.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;Group has no derivative financial instruments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(d)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Cash&#13;    and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Cash&#13;and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and highly liquid investments which are unrestricted as to withdrawal or use, and&#13;which have maturities of three months or less when purchased.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding: 0; width: 48px; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding: 0; width: 48px; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(e)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Revenue recognition&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;Group&amp;#8217;s revenues are derived from sales of products recorded net of value added tax (&amp;#8220;VAT&amp;#8221;). Revenue is recognized&#13;when all of the following conditions are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery of the products has occurred&#13;or services have been rendered, the price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. These criteria are&#13;related to each of the following major revenue generating activities described below.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 70.9pt; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 35.45pt; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(i)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Revenue&#13;                                         from the sale of goods is recognized when the significant risks and rewards of ownership&#13;                                         have been transferred to the buyer, provided that the Group maintains neither managerial&#13;                                         involvement to the degree usually associated with ownership nor effective control over&#13;                                         the goods sold. This is usually taken as the time when the goods are delivered and the&#13;                                         customers have accepted the goods.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;                                                                                            &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 70.9pt; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 35.45pt; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(ii)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Interest&#13;                                         income is recognized on an accrual basis using the effective interest method.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(f)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Trade&#13;    receivables and allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Trade&#13;receivables are stated at the amount the Group expects to collect. The Group maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated&#13;losses. Management considers the following factors when determining the collectability of specific accounts: historical experience,&#13;creditworthiness of the clients, aging of the receivables and other specific circumstances related to the accounts. Allowance&#13;for doubtful accounts is made and recorded into general and administrative expenses based on the aging of trade receivables and&#13;on any specifically identified receivables that may become uncollectible. Trade receivables which are deemed to be uncollectible&#13;are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered&#13;remote. The Company takes a write off of the account balances when the Company can demonstrate all means of collection on the&#13;outstanding balances have been exhausted. There is no allowance for doubtful accounts in these consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(g)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Inventories&#13;are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined using the weighted average method. The components&#13;of inventories include raw materials, processing cost of finished goods and purchase cost of products. The Group routinely evaluate&#13;the net realizable value of the inventories in light of current market conditions and market trends and record a write-down against&#13;the cost of inventories should the net realizable value falls below the cost.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(h)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Property,&#13;    plant and equipment and depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Property,&#13;plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and any recorded impairment. Depreciation is calculated&#13;on a straight-line basis over the following estimated useful lives:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1in; background-color: White&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Category&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 30%; font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Estimated&#13;    useful life&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 29%; font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Estimated&#13;    residual values&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Building&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;20 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0-10%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Computer and office&#13;    equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0-10%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Repairs&#13;and maintenance are expensed as incurred and asset improvements are capitalized. Consideration is given at each balance sheet&#13;date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment of the carrying amounts of the property, plant and equipment.&#13;The indication could be an unfavorable development of a business or severe economic slowdown as well as reorganization of the&#13;operation. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value, based on the time&#13;value of money and the risks specific to the country where the assets are located.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(i)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;VAT&#13;    and VAT refund&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;VAT&#13;on sales is charged at 17% on revenue from product sales and is subsequently paid to the PRC tax authorities after netting input&#13;VAT on purchases. The excess of output VAT over input VAT is recognized in other payables, and the excess of input VAT over output&#13;VAT is recognized in other receivables in the consolidated balance sheets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(j)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Operating&#13;    leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Leases&#13;where substantially all the rewards and risks of ownership of assets remain with the lessor are accounted for as operating leases.&#13;Payments made under operating leases are charged to the consolidated statements of operations on a straight-line basis over the&#13;lease periods.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(k)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Foreign&#13;    currency translation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Substantially&#13;all of the Group&amp;#8217;s operations are conducted in China and as a result, the functional and reporting currency of the Group&#13;is the Chinese Renminbi.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Monetary&#13;assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the applicable functional currencies are translated into the functional&#13;currencies at the prevailing rates of exchange at the balance sheet date. Transactions in currencies other than the functional&#13;currency are converted into the functional currency at the applicable rates of exchange prevailing at the transaction dates. Transaction&#13;gains and losses are recognized in the consolidated statements of operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;In&#13;translating the financial statements of the Company&amp;#8217;s subsidiaries outside the PRC into the reporting currency, assets and&#13;liabilities are translated from the subsidiaries&amp;#8217; functional currencies to the reporting currency at the exchange rate at&#13;the balance sheet date. Equity amounts are translated at historical exchange rates; revenues, expenses, and other gains and losses&#13;are translated using the average rate for the period. Translation adjustments are reported as cumulative translation adjustments&#13;and are shown as a separate component of other comprehensive income/(loss) in the consolidated statements of operations. During&#13;2018 and 2017, such translation adjustments were not material.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(l)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Income&#13;    taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Income&#13;taxes are provided for in accordance with the laws and regulations applicable to the Group as enacted by the relevant tax authorities.&#13;The impact of an uncertain income tax position on the income tax return is recognized at the largest amount that is more-likely-than-not&#13;to be sustained upon audit of the related tax authority. An uncertain income tax position will not be recognized if it has less&#13;than a 50% likelihood of being sustained. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change&#13;in judgment occurs. The Group records interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits (if any) in interest expenses&#13;and general and administrative expenses, respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On&#13;December 22, 2017, the United States enacted TCJA which instituted fundamental changes to the taxation of multinational corporations,&#13;including a reduction the U.S. corporate income tax rate to 21% beginning in 2018. The TCJA also requires a one-time transition&#13;tax on the mandatory deemed repatriation of the cumulative earnings of the Company&amp;#8217;s foreign subsidiary as of December 31,&#13;2017. To determine the amount of this transition tax, the Company must determine the amount of earnings generated since inception&#13;by the relevant foreign subsidiary, as well as the amount of non-U.S. income taxes paid on such earnings, in addition to potentially&#13;other factors. The Company acquired the foreign operations on 29 June 2018, hence the Company does not have any qualifying earnings&#13;or profits from its foreign subsidiary under the transition tax calculation thus no transition tax is payable.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(m)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Fair&#13;    value measurement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;Group defines fair value as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly&#13;transaction between market participants at the measurement date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;When&#13;determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded at fair value, the Group&#13;considers the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact and it considers assumptions that market participants&#13;would use when pricing the asset or liability.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;Group&amp;#8217;s financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, term deposits, trade and other receivables, and trade and&#13;other payables. The Group considers the carrying amounts approximate fair value because of the short maturity of these financial&#13;instruments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(n)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Business&#13;    combinations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;In&#13;a business combination achieved in stages, the Group remeasures its previously held equity interest in the acquire immediately&#13;before obtaining control at its acquisition-date fair value and the re-measurement gain or loss, if any, is recognized in earnings.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(o)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Transactions&#13;    between entities under common control&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;When&#13;accounting for a transfer of assets or exchange of shares between entities under common control of the Group, the carrying amounts&#13;of the assets and liabilities transferred shall remain unchanged subsequent to the transaction, and no gain or loss shall be recorded&#13;in the Group&amp;#8217;s consolidated statements of operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(p)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Commitments&#13;    and contingencies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;In&#13;the normal course of business, the Group is subject to loss contingencies, such as legal proceedings and claims arising out of&#13;its business, that cover a wide range of matters, including, among others, government investigations, shareholder lawsuits, and&#13;non-income tax matters. An accrual for a loss contingency is recognized when it is probable that a liability has been incurred&#13;and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. If a potential material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably&#13;possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent liability, together with an estimate of the&#13;range of possible loss if determinable and material, is disclosed.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(q)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Recently&#13;    issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;In&#13;January 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-01, &amp;#8220;Business Combinations: Clarifying the Definition of a Business&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU&#13;2017-01&amp;#8221;). ASU 2017-01 clarifies the definition of a business for determining whether transactions should be accounted for&#13;as acquisitions (or disposals) of assets or businesses. ASU 2017-01 is effective for annual periods and interim periods within&#13;those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and early adoption is permitted. The Company will adopt this standard&#13;on July 1, 2018 and will apply the standard to any future business combinations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;In&#13;August 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15, Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. The standard provides new&#13;authoritative guidance addressing eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice&#13;in how certain transactions are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The standard is effective for the Group&#13;in the first quarter of the fiscal year 2019. The Company does not expect the adoption of this standard to have a significant&#13;impact on its consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;In&#13;February 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases. The standard increases transparency and comparability among organizations&#13;by requiring companies to recognize leased assets and related liabilities on the balance sheet and disclose key information about&#13;leasing arrangements. This standard is effective for the Group in the first quarter of the fiscal year 2020. The Group is evaluating&#13;the impact the adoption of this standard will have on its consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;In&#13;May 2014, FASB issued ASU, 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The standard is a comprehensive new revenue recognition&#13;model that requires revenue to be recognized in a manner to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer at an amount&#13;that reflects the consideration expected to be received in exchange for those goods or services. In August 2015, FASB issued ASU&#13;2015-14, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, to defer the effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one year to annual reporting periods&#13;beginning after December 15, 2017, but permits entities to adopt the original effective date if they choose. Based on the Group&amp;#8217;s&#13;preliminary assessment, it does not expect the adoption of the standard to result in material changes in revenue. Further, deferred&#13;costs to obtain contracts, which will be recognized in sales and marketing expense in future periods, are not expected to be material.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;adoption of the standard in the consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended June 30, 2019 will have no significant&#13;impact to the provision for income taxes and will have no impact to the net cash used in, or generated by, operating, investing,&#13;or financing activities in the Group&amp;#8217;s consolidated statements of cash flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0; width: 48px; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding: 0; width: 48px; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(e)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Revenue recognition&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;Group&amp;#8217;s revenues are derived from sales of products recorded net of value added tax (&amp;#8220;VAT&amp;#8221;). Revenue is recognized&#13;when all of the following conditions are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery of the products has occurred&#13;or services have been rendered, the price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. These criteria are&#13;related to each of the following major revenue generating activities described below.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 70.9pt; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 35.45pt; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(i)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Revenue&#13;                                         from the sale of goods is recognized when the significant risks and rewards of ownership&#13;                                         have been transferred to the buyer, provided that the Group maintains neither managerial&#13;                                         involvement to the degree usually associated with ownership nor effective control over&#13;                                         the goods sold. This is usually taken as the time when the goods are delivered and the&#13;                                         customers have accepted the goods.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;                                                                                            &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 70.9pt; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 35.45pt; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(ii)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(f)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Trade receivables&#13;    and allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(h)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Property, plant&#13;    and equipment and depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Property,&#13;plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and any recorded impairment. Depreciation is calculated&#13;on a straight-line basis over the following estimated useful lives:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: justify&gt;Category&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 30%; font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;Estimated useful life&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 29%; font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;Estimated residual values&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Building&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;20 years&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;0-10%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Computer and office equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;3 years&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;0-10%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(k)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Foreign currency&#13;    translation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Substantially&#13;all of the Group&amp;#8217;s operations are conducted in China and as a result, the functional and reporting currency of the Group&#13;is the Chinese Renminbi.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Monetary&#13;assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the applicable functional currencies are translated into the functional&#13;currencies at the prevailing rates of exchange at the balance sheet date. Transactions in currencies other than the functional&#13;currency are converted into the functional currency at the applicable rates of exchange prevailing at the transaction dates. Transaction&#13;gains and losses are recognized in the consolidated statements of operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(l)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;Income taxes are provided&#13;for in accordance with the laws and regulations applicable to the Group as enacted by the relevant tax authorities. The impact&#13;of an uncertain income tax position on the income tax return is recognized at the largest amount that is more-likely-than-not&#13;to be sustained upon audit of the related tax authority. An uncertain income tax position will not be recognized if it has less&#13;than a 50% likelihood of being sustained. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change&#13;in judgment occurs. The Group records interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits (if any) in interest expenses&#13;and general and administrative expenses, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(m)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Fair value measurement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;Group defines fair value as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly&#13;transaction between market participants at the measurement date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;When&#13;determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded at fair value, the Group&#13;considers the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact and it considers assumptions that market participants&#13;would use when pricing the asset or liability.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(q)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Recently issued&#13;    accounting pronouncements not yet adopted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;In&#13;January 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-01, &amp;#8220;Business Combinations: Clarifying the Definition of a Business&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU&#13;2017-01&amp;#8221;). ASU 2017-01 clarifies the definition of a business for determining whether transactions should be accounted for&#13;as acquisitions (or disposals) of assets or businesses. ASU 2017-01 is effective for annual periods and interim periods within&#13;those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and early adoption is permitted. The Company will adopt this standard&#13;on July 1, 2018 and will apply the standard to any future business combinations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&gt;In August 2016, FASB issued ASU&#13;No. 2016-15, Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. The standard provides new authoritative guidance addressing&#13;eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice in how certain transactions are&#13;presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The standard is effective for the Group in the first quarter of the fiscal&#13;year 2019. The Company does not expect the adoption of this standard to have a significant impact on its consolidated financial&#13;statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&gt;In February 2016, FASB issued&#13;ASU No. 2016-02, Leases. The standard increases transparency and comparability among organizations by requiring companies to recognize&#13;leased assets and related liabilities on the balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements. This standard&#13;is effective for the Group in the first quarter of the fiscal year 2020. The Group is evaluating the impact the adoption of this&#13;standard will have on its consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;In&#13;May 2014, FASB issued ASU, 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The standard is a comprehensive new revenue recognition&#13;model that requires revenue to be recognized in a manner to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer at an amount&#13;that reflects the consideration expected to be received in exchange for those goods or services. In August 2015, FASB issued ASU&#13;2015-14, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, to defer the effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one year to annual reporting periods&#13;beginning after December 15, 2017, but permits entities to adopt the original effective date if they choose. Based on the Group&amp;#8217;s&#13;preliminary assessment, it does not expect the adoption of the standard to result in material changes in revenue. Further, deferred&#13;costs to obtain contracts, which will be recognized in sales and marketing expense in future periods, are not expected to be material.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;adoption of the standard in the consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended June 30, 2019 will have no significant&#13;impact to the provision for income taxes and will have no impact to the net cash used in, or generated by, operating, investing,&#13;or financing activities in the Group&amp;#8217;s consolidated statements of cash flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; width: 100%&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;12.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;AMOUNT&#13;DUE TO A DIRECTOR&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Amount due to a director&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;96,231,368&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1,581,034&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;96,231,368&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;1,581,034&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;amount due to a director is interest-free, unsecured and repayable on demand.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt; width: 0.5in; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;13.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;BANK BORROWINGS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;Secured - at amortized cost&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;Loans from financial institution &amp;#8211; Note (i)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;27,000,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; border-bottom: Black 4pt double; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; border-bottom: Black 4pt double; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; border-bottom: Black 4pt double; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 4pt double&gt;27,000,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;Classified as:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;Current liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;27,000,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; border-bottom: Black 4pt double; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; border-bottom: Black 4pt double; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; border-bottom: Black 4pt double; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 4pt double&gt;27,000,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Note:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(i)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;Secured - at amortized cost&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;Loans from financial institution &amp;#8211; Note (i)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;27,000,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; border-bottom: Black 4pt double; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; border-bottom: Black 4pt double; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; border-bottom: Black 4pt double; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 4pt double&gt;27,000,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;Classified as:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;Current liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;27,000,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; border-bottom: Black 4pt double; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; border-bottom: Black 4pt double; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; border-bottom: Black 4pt double; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 4pt double&gt;27,000,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(i)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0; font-size: 10pt; width: 0.5in; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;14.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding: 0; font-size: 10pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;SHARE CAPITAL AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt 10pt; text-align: center; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-left: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Issued and fully paid&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares to be issued&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=font-weight: bold; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;b&gt;Additional&#13;    paid in capital&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-left: 10pt; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-align: left; text-indent: -10pt; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;b&gt;Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;Number&#13;                                         of shares &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; text-align: center; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; text-align: center; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;US$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; text-align: center; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; text-align: center; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;RMB&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&#13;                                         of shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; text-align: center; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; text-align: center; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;US$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; text-align: center; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; text-align: center; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;RMB&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; text-align: center; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; text-align: center; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;US$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; text-align: center; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; text-align: center; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;RMB&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; text-align: center; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; text-align: center; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;RMB&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;At&#13;June 30, 2017 and June 30, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;4,269,950&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;4,270&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;27,775&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;(4,269&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;(27,774&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;1&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: -10pt&gt;Common stock conversion&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;37,921,530&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;37,922&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;246,671&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;246,671&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: -10pt&gt;Conversion of amount&#13;    due to a director&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;15,000,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;15,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;97,570&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;27,209&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;176,986&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;274,556&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: -10pt&gt;Shares issued for cash&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;13,000,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;13,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;84,561&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;91,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;591,925&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;676,486&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: -10pt&gt;Shares issued as consideration for business acquisition&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;28,000,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;28,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;182,131&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;182,131&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: -10pt&gt;Shares to be issued as consideration for business acquisition&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;321,296,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;321,296&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;2,126,520&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;2,126,520&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;Reverse merger&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;(113,940&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;(741,137&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;(741,137&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 4pt 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;At June 30, 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 4pt double&gt;98,191,480&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 4pt double&gt;98,191&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 4pt double&gt;638,708&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 4pt double&gt;321,296,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 4pt double&gt;321,296&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 4pt double&gt;2,126,520&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 4pt double&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 4pt double&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 4pt double&gt;2,765,228&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding: 0 0 4pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Each&#13;share has a nominal value of US$0.001 per share.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;15.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;INCOME TAXES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;The Company is subject to taxes&#13;in the USA. The Company has had no taxable income under Federal or State tax laws. The Company has loss carryforwards totaling&#13;$359,065 that may be offset against future federal income taxes. If not used, the carryforwards will expire 20 years after they&#13;are incurred.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s subsidiary&#13;in the BVI is not subject to taxation.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;Company&amp;#8217;s Hong Kong subsidiary is subject to taxes in Hong Kong. The Hong Kong subsidiary has had no taxable income.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s PRC subsidiaries&#13;are subject to taxes in China. The applicable PRC statutory income tax rate is 25% according to the Enterprise Income Tax Law.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;A reconciliation of the income&#13;tax expenses in China is set out below:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&#13;30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2018 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&#13;30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2017 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;Profit before income tax&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;59,767,974&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;55,848,176&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;Taxation at the applicable&#13;    tax rate of 25%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;14,941,994&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;13,962,044&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;Tax effect on non-taxable income&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;(42,182&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;(53,512&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0&gt;Tax effects of expense&#13;    that are not deductible&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;808,014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;190,229&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;16.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;CONTRIBUTION PLAN IN THE PRC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;As stipulated by the PRC state&#13;regulations, the subsidiaries in the PRC participate in the state-run defined contribution retirement scheme. All employees are&#13;entitled to an annual pension payment equal to a fixed proportion of the average basic salary of the geographical area of their&#13;last employment at their retirement date. The PRC subsidiaries are required to make contributions to the local social security&#13;bureau at 29.4% to 37.4% of the previous year&amp;#8217;s average basic salary amount of the geographical area where the employees&#13;are under employment with the PRC subsidiaries. The Group has no obligation for the payment of pension benefits beyond the annual&#13;contributions as set out above.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;18.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;RELATED PARTY BALANCES&#13;    AND TRANSACTIONS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;Group had the following transactions with related parties during the financial periods:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&#13;30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2018 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&#13;30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2017 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Revenue generated from related party&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;14,359,832&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;25,110,022&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Interest income from director&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;214,046&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Trade receivables from related party&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;15,000,875&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;July 1,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;Settlement&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Repayment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;New Loans&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Amount due to director&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;(13,395,233&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;(13,395,233&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Amount due from director&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;16,642,476&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(178,277&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(4,650,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;11,814,199&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Net amount due from/(to) director&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;3,247,243&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;(178,277&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;(4,650,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;(1,581,034&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;July 1,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Settlement&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Repayment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;New Loans&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Amount due to director&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(13,395,233&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(95,976,484&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(109,371,717&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Amount due from director&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;11,814,199&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1,326,150&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;13,140,349&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Net amount due to director&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;(1,581,034&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;(94,650,334&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;96,231,368&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;Group made sales to Fuqing Jing Hong Trading Co., Ltd, the director of which was a family member of the CEO Mr. Yang Peng. The&#13;family resigned from Fuqing Jing Hong Trading Co., Ltd on June 28, 2018, hence Fuqing Jing Hong ceased to be a related party on&#13;June 28, 2018.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&#13;30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2018 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&#13;30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2017 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Revenue&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;14,359,832&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;25,110,022&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;14,359,832&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;25,110,022&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0; font-size: 10pt; width: 0.5in; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;20.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding: 0; font-size: 10pt; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White; text-align: center; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; vertical-align: bottom&gt;Company name&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; vertical-align: bottom&gt;Place and date of incorporation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; vertical-align: bottom&gt;Capital&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; text-align: center; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Attributable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; text-align: center; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Equity interest&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; vertical-align: bottom&gt;Principal activities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;Reliant Galaxy International&lt;br /&gt;&#13;Limited&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 17%; text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;Established in&lt;br /&gt;&#13;British Virgin Islands&lt;br /&gt;&#13;on January 3, 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 17%; text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;Registered and&lt;br /&gt;&#13;paid-in capital of&lt;br /&gt;&#13;RMB 69,100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 17%; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;Investment&lt;br /&gt;&#13;holding&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;Sure Rich Investment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;Established in&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;Share capital&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;Investment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;(Group) Limited&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;Hong Kong &lt;br /&gt;&#13;On February 1, 2007&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;RMB 1&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;holding&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;Fujian Jinou Trading Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;Established in the PRC&lt;br /&gt;&#13;on July 5, 2004&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;Registered and&lt;br /&gt;&#13;paid-in capital of US$&lt;br /&gt;&#13;1,650,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;Investment&lt;br /&gt;&#13;holding&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;Fenyang Huaxin Spirit Development Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;Established in the PRC &lt;br /&gt;on November 7, 2013 &lt;br /&gt;&amp;#160; &lt;br /&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;Registered and &lt;br /&gt;Paid-in capital of RMB &lt;br /&gt;1,000,000 &lt;br /&gt;Note (i)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;Trading of spirit&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;Fenyang Jinqiang Spirit Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;Established in the &lt;br /&gt;PRC &lt;br /&gt;on November 7, 2013&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;Registered and &lt;br /&gt;Paid-in capital of RMB &lt;br /&gt;5,000,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;100&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;Note&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;%&lt;br /&gt;&#13;(i)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;Trading of spirit&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;Beijing Huaxin Tianchuang Enterprise Management Consulting Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;Established in the &lt;br /&gt;PRC &lt;br /&gt;on April 14, 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;Registered and &lt;br /&gt;issued capital of &lt;br /&gt;RMB1,000,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;51&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;Note&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;%&lt;br /&gt;&#13;(ii)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;Dormant&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Notes:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 36pt; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(i)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On May 7, 2018, Sure Rich Investment (Group) Limited acquired the remaining 8% of the 92% owned subsidiary Fenyang Jinqiang Spirit Co., Ltd, which then became a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 36pt; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(ii)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: White; text-align: center; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; vertical-align: bottom&gt;Company name&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; vertical-align: bottom&gt;Place and date of incorporation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; vertical-align: bottom&gt;Capital&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; text-align: center; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Attributable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; text-align: center; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Equity interest&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding: 0 0 1.5pt; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; vertical-align: bottom&gt;Principal activities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;Reliant Galaxy International&lt;br /&gt;&#13;Limited&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 17%; text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;Established in&lt;br /&gt;&#13;British Virgin Islands&lt;br /&gt;&#13;on January 3, 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 17%; text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;Registered and&lt;br /&gt;&#13;paid-in capital of&lt;br /&gt;&#13;RMB 69,100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 17%; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;Investment&lt;br /&gt;&#13;holding&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;Sure Rich Investment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;Established in&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;Share capital&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;Investment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;(Group) Limited&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;Hong Kong &lt;br /&gt;&#13;On February 1, 2007&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;RMB 1&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;holding&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;Fujian Jinou Trading Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;Established in the PRC&lt;br /&gt;&#13;on July 5, 2004&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;Registered and&lt;br /&gt;&#13;paid-in capital of US$&lt;br /&gt;&#13;1,650,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;Investment&lt;br /&gt;&#13;holding&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;Fenyang Huaxin Spirit Development Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;Established in the PRC &lt;br /&gt;on November 7, 2013 &lt;br /&gt;&amp;#160; &lt;br /&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;Registered and &lt;br /&gt;Paid-in capital of RMB &lt;br /&gt;1,000,000 &lt;br /&gt;Note (i)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;Trading of spirit&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;Fenyang Jinqiang Spirit Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;Established in the &lt;br /&gt;PRC &lt;br /&gt;on November 7, 2013&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;Registered and &lt;br /&gt;Paid-in capital of RMB &lt;br /&gt;5,000,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;100&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;Note&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;%&lt;br /&gt;&#13;(i)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;Trading of spirit&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;Beijing Huaxin Tianchuang Enterprise Management Consulting Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;Established in the &lt;br /&gt;PRC &lt;br /&gt;on April 14, 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;Registered and &lt;br /&gt;issued capital of &lt;br /&gt;RMB1,000,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;51&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;Note&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; vertical-align: top&gt;%&lt;br /&gt;&#13;(ii)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0; padding-top: 0; padding-right: 0; text-indent: 0; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;Dormant&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Notes:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 36pt; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(i)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On May 7, 2018, Sure Rich Investment (Group) Limited acquired the remaining 8% of the 92% owned subsidiary Fenyang Jinqiang Spirit Co., Ltd, which then became a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 36pt; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(ii)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;21.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;REVERSE MERGER&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On&#13;June 29, 2018, Oranco, Inc. acquired 100% of the issued capital of Reliant in a share for share exchange with the shareholders&#13;of Reliant at that time. Due to the relative size of the companies, the shareholders of Reliant became the majority shareholders&#13;in the consolidated group.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Pursuant&#13;to the share for share exchange, Oranco shall issue an aggregated 349,296,000 new shares of common stock, with par value of $0.001&#13;per share, of which 28,000,000 were issued at the closing date of June 29, 2018, and the remaining 321,296,000 shares shall be&#13;issued at the completion of the increase of the Company&amp;#8217;s authorized shares. The 321,296,000 shares are classified as fully&#13;paid-up shares to be issued as of June 30, 2018.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;td style=width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(b)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The basis of consolidation and presentation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&gt;The Consolidated Financial Statements&#13;include the Financial Statements of Oranco, Inc. and the Financial Statements of its wholly-owned subsidiaries.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&gt;Subsidiaries are all entities over&#13;which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to or has rights to variable returns from its&#13;involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee. Subsidiaries are&#13;fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are de-consolidated from the date that control&#13;ceases.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&gt;The accompanying financial statements&#13;have been prepared in accordance with the U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. The Company operates in one reportable&#13;segment and solely within the PRC. Accordingly, no segment or geographic information has been presented.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Non-controlling&#13;interests are shown as a component of shareholders&amp;#8217; equity on the consolidated balance sheet and the share of the net income&#13;attributable to non-controlling interests is shown as a component of net income in the consolidated statements of operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Business&#13;Combinations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&gt;The acquisition of other subsidiaries&#13;that meet the criteria for business combinations is accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting. The consideration&#13;transferred for the acquisition is the fair values of the assets transferred, the liabilities incurred to the former owners of&#13;the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&gt;The consideration transferred includes&#13;the fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement. Identifiable assets acquired and&#13;liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition&#13;date. The Group recognizes any non-controlling interest in the acquiree at the non-controlling interest&amp;#8217;s proportionate share&#13;of the recognized amounts of the acquiree&amp;#8217;s identifiable net assets. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding: 0; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;PREPAID LAND LEASE,&#13;    NET&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Prepaid&#13;land lease, net, consists of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30, 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Prepaid land lease&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;5,412,120&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;5,412,120&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Less: accumulated amortization&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(393,020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(283,340&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Prepaid land lease, net&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;5,019,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;5,128,780&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;carrying amounts of the prepaid land lease are analyzed as:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30, 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30,&lt;br /&gt;&#13; 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Current assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;109,680&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;109,680&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Non-current assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;4,909,420&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;5,019,100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;5,019,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;5,128,780&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 3in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Prepaid land lease represents&#13;the cost of the rights of the use of the land in respect of leasehold land in the People&amp;#8217;s Republic of China, on which the&#13;Group&amp;#8217;s buildings are situated.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Plant and Equipment


    <link:calculationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://Orncxbrl.com/role/DepositsPrepaymentsAndOtherReceivables xlink:title=00000015 - Disclosure - Deposits

    <link:calculationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://Orncxbrl.com/role/ReceiptsInAdvanceAccrualsAndOtherPayables xlink:title=00000018 - Disclosure - Receipts in Advance

    <link:calculationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://Orncxbrl.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetTables xlink:title=00000034 - Disclosure - Property
 Plant and Equipment


    <link:calculationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://Orncxbrl.com/role/DepositsPrepaymentsAndOtherReceivablesTables xlink:title=00000038 - Disclosure - Deposits

    <link:calculationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://Orncxbrl.com/role/ReceiptsInAdvanceAccrualsAndOtherPayablesTables xlink:title=00000041 - Disclosure - Receipts in Advance

    <link:calculationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://Orncxbrl.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetDetails xlink:title=00000055 - Disclosure - Property
 Plant and Equipment




    <link:calculationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://Orncxbrl.com/role/DepositsPrepaymentsAndOtherReceivablesDetails xlink:title=00000062 - Disclosure - Deposits

    <link:calculationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://Orncxbrl.com/role/ReceiptsInAdvanceAccrualsAndOtherPayablesDetails xlink:title=00000067 - Disclosure - Receipts in Advance

    <link:definitionLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://Orncxbrl.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet xlink:title=00000011 - Disclosure - Property
 Plant and Equipment


    <link:definitionLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://Orncxbrl.com/role/DepositsPrepaymentsAndOtherReceivables xlink:title=00000015 - Disclosure - Deposits

    <link:definitionLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://Orncxbrl.com/role/ReceiptsInAdvanceAccrualsAndOtherPayables xlink:title=00000018 - Disclosure - Receipts in Advance

    <link:definitionLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://Orncxbrl.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetTables xlink:title=00000034 - Disclosure - Property
 Plant and Equipment


    <link:definitionLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://Orncxbrl.com/role/DepositsPrepaymentsAndOtherReceivablesTables xlink:title=00000038 - Disclosure - Deposits

    <link:definitionLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://Orncxbrl.com/role/ReceiptsInAdvanceAccrualsAndOtherPayablesTables xlink:title=00000041 - Disclosure - Receipts in Advance

    <link:definitionLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://Orncxbrl.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetDetails xlink:title=00000055 - Disclosure - Property
 Plant and Equipment

    <link:definitionLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://Orncxbrl.com/role/PrepaidLandLeaseNetDetails xlink:title=00000056 - Disclosure - Prepaid Land Lease



    <link:definitionLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://Orncxbrl.com/role/DepositsPrepaymentsAndOtherReceivablesDetails xlink:title=00000062 - Disclosure - Deposits

    <link:definitionLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://Orncxbrl.com/role/ReceiptsInAdvanceAccrualsAndOtherPayablesDetails xlink:title=00000067 - Disclosure - Receipts in Advance

    <link:presentationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://Orncxbrl.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet xlink:title=00000011 - Disclosure - Property
 Plant and Equipment

    <link:presentationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://Orncxbrl.com/role/PrepaidLandLeaseNet xlink:title=00000012 - Disclosure - Prepaid Land Lease

    <link:presentationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://Orncxbrl.com/role/DepositsPrepaymentsAndOtherReceivables xlink:title=00000015 - Disclosure - Deposits

    <link:presentationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://Orncxbrl.com/role/ReceiptsInAdvanceAccrualsAndOtherPayables xlink:title=00000018 - Disclosure - Receipts in Advance

    <link:presentationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://Orncxbrl.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetTables xlink:title=00000034 - Disclosure - Property
 Plant and Equipment

    <link:presentationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://Orncxbrl.com/role/PrepaidLandLeaseNetTables xlink:title=00000035 - Disclosure - Prepaid Land Lease

    <link:presentationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://Orncxbrl.com/role/DepositsPrepaymentsAndOtherReceivablesTables xlink:title=00000038 - Disclosure - Deposits

    <link:presentationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://Orncxbrl.com/role/ReceiptsInAdvanceAccrualsAndOtherPayablesTables xlink:title=00000041 - Disclosure - Receipts in Advance

    <link:presentationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://Orncxbrl.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetDetails xlink:title=00000055 - Disclosure - Property
 Plant and Equipment

    <link:presentationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://Orncxbrl.com/role/PrepaidLandLeaseNetDetails xlink:title=00000056 - Disclosure - Prepaid Land Lease

    <link:presentationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://Orncxbrl.com/role/PrepaidLandLeaseNetDetails1 xlink:title=00000057 - Disclosure - Prepaid Land Lease

    <link:presentationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://Orncxbrl.com/role/PrepaidLandLeaseNetDetailsTextual xlink:title=00000058 - Disclosure - Prepaid Land Lease

    <link:presentationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://Orncxbrl.com/role/DepositsPrepaymentsAndOtherReceivablesDetails xlink:title=00000062 - Disclosure - Deposits

    <link:presentationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://Orncxbrl.com/role/ReceiptsInAdvanceAccrualsAndOtherPayablesDetails xlink:title=00000067 - Disclosure - Receipts in Advance
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntitySmallBusiness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsAndOtherReceivablesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndOtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToOfficersOrStockholdersCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FederalHomeLoanBankAdvancesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_FullyPaidSharesToBeIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_CommonStockSharesToBeIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeAmountsAttributableToReportingEntityDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsAttributableToNoncontrollingEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIsuuedDuringAcquisitionOfAdditionalInterestInSubsidiary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIsuuedDuringAcquisitionOfAdditionalInterestInSubsidiary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ConversionOfAmountDueToDirectorToCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueAcquisitions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_FullyPaidSharesToBeIssuedAsConsiderationForBusinessAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ReverseMerger'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesAcquisitions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableTrade'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDueFromOfficersAndStockholdersCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_AcquisitionOfAdditionalInterestInSubsidiary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAcquiredFromAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationBasisOfPresentationBusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times



<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
<td style=width: 35.45pt; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
                                                                                            <tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
<td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
<td style=width: 35.45pt; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times




<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times




<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times




<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times




<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times




<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_SellingandDistributionExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_SellingAndDistributionExpensesTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PrepaidLandLeaseNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PrepaidLandLeaseDisclosureTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansNotesTradeAndOtherReceivablesDisclosureTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_DepositsAndPrepaidExpensesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_DepositsAndPrepaidExpensesDisclosureTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsDisclosureTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ReceiptsInAdvanceAccrualsAndOtherPayablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureCurrentTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_AmountDueToDirectorDisclosureTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
<td style=width: 0.5in; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<td style=text-align: justify; padding: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times




<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeasesTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyDisclosures'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_DetailsOfSubsidiariesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_DetailsOfSubsidiariesTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times



<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationDisclosureTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_CondensedFinancialInformationOfParentCompanyOnlyDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedFinancialInformationOfParentCompanyOnlyDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
<td style=width: 0.25in; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
<td style=width: 0.25in; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_DiscriptionOfBusinessPolicyTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times



<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=width: 0.5in; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
<td style=width: 35.45pt; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
                                                                                            <tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
<td style=width: 35.45pt; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesTradeAndOtherAccountsReceivableAllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsPolicy'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ValueAddedTaxRefundPolicyTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_OperatingLeasesPolicyTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=width: 0.5in; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times




<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsPolicy'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PurchaseTransactionPolicy'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesPolicyTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=width: 0.5in; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_SummaryOfBusinessAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfPublicUtilityPropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ScheduleOfOtherIncomeTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SchedulesOfConcentrationOfRiskByRiskFactorTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_SellingandDistributionExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ScheduleOfSellingAndDistributionExpensesTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PrepaidLandLeaseNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ScheduleOfPrepaidLandLeaseTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ScheduleOfCarryingAmountsOfPrepaidLandLeaseTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_DepositsAndPrepaidExpensesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ScheduleOfDepositsAndPrepaidExpensesTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_CashAndCashEquivalentsTablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCashAndCashEquivalentsTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SupplierConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SchedulesOfConcentrationOfRiskByRiskFactorTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ReceiptsInAdvanceAccrualsAndOtherPayablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ScheduleOfReceiptsInAdvanceAccrualsAndOtherPayablesTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ScheduleOfAmountDueToDirectorTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
<td style=width: 0.5in; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<td style=text-align: justify; padding: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfStockholdersEquityTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyTransactionsTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfPrincipalTransactionsRevenueTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_DetailsOfSubsidiariesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ScheduleOfDetailsOfSubsidiariesTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times



<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentSalvageValuePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentSalvageValuePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_OfficeEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_OfficeEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentSalvageValuePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_OfficeEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentSalvageValuePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_SummaryOfBusinessAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextual'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPercentageOfVotingInterestsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PercentageOfValueAddedTaxOnSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExaminationLikelihoodOfUnfavorableSettlement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=ornc_CustomerAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=ornc_CustomerBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=ornc_CustomerCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=ornc_CustomerDMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=ornc_CustomerEMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=ornc_CustomerFMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=ornc_OthersMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_SundryIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_BankInterestIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_InterestFromDirector'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_WrittenBackOfOtherPayables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_SellingandDistributionExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_FreightCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PackagingCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=ornc_ComputerAndOfficeEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PrepaidLandLeaseNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PrepaidLandLeaseGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_AccumulatedAmortizationPrepaidLandLease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PrepaidLandLeaseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PrepaidLandLeaseNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PrepaidLandLeaseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PrepaidLandLeaseNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PrepaidLandLeaseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PrepaidLandLeaseNetTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_DescriptionOfLeasePeriods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterials'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradeReceivablesHeldForSaleAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableByReceivableTypeAxis=us-gaap_TradeAccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradeReceivablesHeldForSaleAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_TradeReceivablesNetTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_CreditTermDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_DepositsAndPrepaidExpensesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepositAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Cash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndDueFromBanks'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableTradeCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableTradeCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_CostOfGoodsTotalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_CostOfGoodsTotalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_CostOfGoodsTotalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_CostOfGoodsTotalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_CostOfGoodsTotalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_CostOfGoodsTotalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_CostOfGoodsTotalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_TradePayablesTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_TradeCreditTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ReceiptsInAdvanceAccrualsAndOtherPayablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedPayrollTaxesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ReceiptInAdvanceCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ReceiptsInAdvanceAccrualsAndOtherPayablesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_AmountDueToDirectorTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_AmountDueToDirectorRelatesToAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_SecuredAtAmortizedCostLoansFromFinancialInstitutionNote'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ClassifiedAsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_BankBorrowingsTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_BankBorrowingsTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionAmountDueToDirector'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConsiderationForBusinessAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueAcquisitionsOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueReverseMerger'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=ornc_IssuedAndFullyPaidMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionAmountDueToDirector'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConsiderationForBusinessAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueAcquisitionsOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueReverseMerger'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=ornc_IssuedAndFullyPaidMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagementShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionAmountDueToDirector'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfAmountDueToDirector'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConsiderationForBusinessAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConsiderationForBusinessAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueAcquisitionsOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesAcquisitionsOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueReverseMerger'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagementShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=ornc_SharesToBeIssuedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionAmountDueToDirector'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConsiderationForBusinessAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueAcquisitionsOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueReverseMerger'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=ornc_SharesToBeIssuedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagementShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionAmountDueToDirector'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfAmountDueToDirector'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConsiderationForBusinessAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConsiderationForBusinessAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueAcquisitionsOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesAcquisitionsOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueReverseMerger'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagementShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionAmountDueToDirector'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConsiderationForBusinessAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueAcquisitionsOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueReverseMerger'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionAmountDueToDirector'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConsiderationForBusinessAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueAcquisitionsOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueReverseMerger'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagementTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionEquityInterestsIssuedOrIssuableNumberOfSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionEquityInterestIssuedOrIssuableValueAssigned'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionSharePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxExemptIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationPriorYearIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_IncomeTaxesTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLimitationsOnUse'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ContributionPlanInPrcTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DescriptionOfDefinedContributionPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercentOfMatch'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_OperatingLeaseArrangementTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_OperatingLeaseInitialPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_TradeReceivablesFromRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_DirectorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_AmountDueToRelatedPartySettlement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_AmountDueToRelatedPartyLoans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_AmountDueFromRelatedPartySettlement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_AmountDueFromRelatedPartyNewLoans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionDueFromToRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfRelatedPartySettlement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfRelatedPartyNewLoans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionDueFromToRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAmountsOfTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=ornc_ReliantGalaxyInternationalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PlaceAndDateOfIncorporation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_CapitalOfSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PrincipalActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=ornc_SureRichInvestmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PlaceAndDateOfIncorporation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_CapitalOfSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PrincipalActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=ornc_FujianJinouTradingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PlaceAndDateOfIncorporation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_CapitalOfSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PrincipalActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=ornc_FenyangHuaxinSpiritDevelopmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PlaceAndDateOfIncorporation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PrincipalActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=ornc_FenyangJinqiangSpiritMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PlaceAndDateOfIncorporation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_CapitalOfSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PrincipalActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=ornc_BeijingHuaxinTianchuangEnterpriseManagementConsultingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PlaceAndDateOfIncorporation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_CapitalOfSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PrincipalActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_DetailsOfSubsidiariesTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Capital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentIssuanceDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=ornc_SureRichInvestmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_DetailsOfSubsidiariesTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByNoncontrollingOwners'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=ornc_FenyangJinqiangSpiritMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_DetailsOfSubsidiariesTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByNoncontrollingOwners'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ReverseMergerTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPercentageOfVotingInterestsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionEquityInterestsIssuedOrIssuableNumberOfSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionSharePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionEquityInterestIssuedOrIssuableDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_NoteToConsolidatedStatementOfCashFlowsTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredLiabilitiesIncurred'

O+G)E;'.MDD^+
MPD 
Q;]*F?L:5\'#8CUYZ6U9_ )Q)OU#.Y



*P).B0\5?UX^8 TBTH_0(:+L A#&^NQT:E8(C

0;FP@R8;-OGYIH(?
MMWF\81AU8\K(XK%T-8943OTJDH\ Q:X831F:3LTXXFBD(3^ G/
6+V2?$9/
M-(X'PJ8%EQV^3O8:W7..7AKQ%/25V^9CGIYFHQ*/B76_..7+8\#?NW_+


MPMO3XTM:-]

M77_XW83-H/1!_V/CJV#7PJ^[Z+X 4$L#!!0    ( !&%/$V97)PC$ 8  )PG

MM!-S:7;;M)F$[4X?A1%8C6QY9)&$?[]'-A#+E@WMDDVZFSP$+.G[SD5'Y^@X






H%N
!M8('_.;Z?D3EJ(

3UTUSG\+ GQ^R-;88<G;CL3


MP+

E1M'V5;S<HY=8%0&7&-\T

2S90+!D&&ER0F$JDY?DU($_XKI=K^G-- \)0O)/I*

%.70[@:0KX#
M;;J=W#HXGIB1N0K34I!OP_GIQ7@:XCG9!+E]F%=MY]C1T?OGP5&PH^\\EAW'

M\E)58#%;Q@
KD*)\3(Q%Z'#GEUQ?X]&2X]NF9;5NKREW&6TB4CG:9@39ZO*
MWF6QP54=SU5;\K^:CVT%4[/_EFMR)\

KF[.:EZ93%GIO+?+0P)+%N(61+B35WM





M+W-H965T


MO#9O3D)63)NI//52,Z.CE25B3)%%6LJ./EW*WMY'(NKKHL:KZ3D;I6%9-_
MU[P4]T6







%)29!C*Y)Q



M&8 9JS+8^#BT-0VJ#



V$(9?1=!]5YSA20QL [6+H@5:(-BB[;5BT[&QDN5*
M2KQ]^U*'-1S.L)N+6(=_R']X^$AJ=6N[+_W)^R'[VM27?IV?AN'Z5!3]_N2;
MJO_47OTEO#FV75
-X;9[+?IKYZO#%-34!0IABJ8Z7_+-:GKVW&U6[=M0GR_^


ZF5'^JAFJSZMI;ULV]=:W&00%/
C3F?GPX


Z
L21$I$C



2D0YZZ&3:ZM2.
M,;%EI(S4,8^0HB^LC5;$XY'1H;4V98@')%) QENG+5+J(81]*%E(N,(2:RWR
M8$2Z!=4QUCA-/!1[C]_&!LG





=^$):5-

_NZ!
MT#ZS7?MMX:F^5$(MH#SM\ 5^@OC5'9F

MU]#SV=Q2G9PH?5'!MR*S'04$!

:?



$


MH

NZZRV.6M?NSK?+V
MP5UL[;\<75/EG1\VIZR]-#8_#$%5F5%9%;E19UN5L/<<[-9N6M7%K5];I+V

;^6W5=W^VRG@D2:



*BQ (ZZB@8 2)\Z@HC\(\
N!1

M'R F34(FP
?#**E

M+]Q_B+LL

MFS5GE6U.0Q_;)GMWK;N^#YK-WGOE)]HW=\'\MN^AAZ;O8YFQ ?\K;TY%W28O





MONUV6?'?V&WSXT
?^A\-/S:OZZINB$;#0_;J?KKJK\-3X=^BLY?59N?VY2;?

M[;;VY

_


M-:


B/_:*TY(^9/7.@23V*VY9

MH(O,81WD06!BZ28L28,Q)Y2<^Z<E)7WMC+RQ RT/6$F ;9-P@WQJA 6NQ(
M!6-]Q(X&M:<@W@QCFK'8AAK/O^*&5U@+I8R5BR8UA1SH*2*Q87#CJ%%1@



M)-6DI/KV-L4(6GVWD9G&FT4($%(&





)_12W4^?LAK&$V%!=S
MY()X)*+B?4$XXY(9R4)I

<GSROFI9M_\&EJ[




M




U)/


M[KON])QE[7KOJZ+]4I_\
?RSK9NJZ

M^GLX#K^7
?Y'-[X#CAWPU@'


7R

D*<N4NHQA

&!:N=C(MEQ2G[Y3?:J;G
M@Q

H8G*/(/MA26CA-T


M!X0U=M)H95O*IHI2J9%6J=H\L_;81N'B EXG?U_ CN
D[@LPPYPS9X8A'[5Y
MMAV 0R]2*%O@SKE^3XBM.I#




S;!M )T!= %<QSQD


MV&((:%PX?O-G
XW99#C=SS^(+-^X_ =02P

_15!'U E

K\]GM(0'P-^1C<XDQ)1=C7H+QM<KI)@@:4/#!RW*SR E($(




.G)&S14P6V








MPX


9L-A\/R@]CZC:L_4$L#!!0    ( !&%/$U71XQ\M@$  -(#   9

2.V*@

%Z39!NDF01H+T \'UIQ*W8FX^)6&KGFHP39PF2TH<
MNCC)*^\RL'<\OLF_\&G:'X5I9&?)&9U_V=C_&M&!E[*[\B/4^@^V& IJ%XY?
M_-E,8S89#OOY!['E&Q=_ 5!+ P04      1A3Q-CJL/J+@!  #2 P  &0


BYX;6QM4]MNW 0_17$!P0OZTVV*]M2
M-E642HVT2M7TF;7'-@H7!_ Z^?L=EPG]0LPPYPS9X8A&[1YL2V 0V]2*)OC
MUKGN0(@M6Y#
7ND.E+^IM9'





MI/_!Z3I\NZIP&^';3PKWZP3I*D$:=)/!-^^E+@2LTN^)&+GDHP39PFBTK=



RYX;6QU4]MNVS 


M5L/)$M
M1F^WA^
NQ

;G$FH9*S

I A&F\3IQT



5_@PM(# ^9
MH$9AI(LK*7KGC9I8


(7X1LYPB&Y+






=G$FH9(SXG








MQ



4L$\^Q+BG0KQ2E]!T^W
MX?M-A?L(W_^G\.



M@A+VGO0_J9&HX3SIFF8[0V(*H*49'RWNV%*=)H66?2=3)'AX&2GX62('902
MYN\1)(XYW=,WQW/7MXX6)'UHH$?X'[V)^
MMK!4G0)M.]3$0)W3^_WAF(;X
QI^9DRXI W!]?F-_



ASV



8TQB3+F#F(?N<(EE+<4K^@R?K\'15



M:&5E='

M -(
&=W0B^.QK1L?'Q/.U'#+__NZ-%B\TL9:M N]9H8J'*Z-UF?]B%^!CP


M6
M).+@W\JDM?9/16TI*J$0O_:











.4^89(U9$ S5EQ#)5HAS\A\]V::GFQFFD9ZN

MWE3&:N'1M#5SG0511I!6C?)+=-MC1/H^]L\]3T7LD6SI:X7FMA_YQ F2&C


M+5['7;9Q'\8;OI]@ZP ^ ?@
.

M8ROB'8IWZ+WFF_T^9== -


M_A=02P
$%     @ $84\3='%/L2V 0  T@
 *\C2$F6[G8?F.)TS*/OK
I
I? SX*6TJS
)
FL[8


&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S
M:&5E=#(R+GAM;'U386_;(!#]*X@?4!([;:/(MM2TJCIIDZ)6VSX3^VRC N<

MH[CSIFF8[0SP*H*49




M
C


_&6VQAJ3H%VG:HB8$ZI_?I\;0/\3'@N8/1KLXD5')!? G&

M'BBIH!:#=$\X?H:YGEM*YN*_PA6D#P]*?(X2I8TK*0?K4

MT\TNG6'; #X#^ (XQ#QL2A25/PHGBLS@2

[8BGCGQ5OO
MO1;IX9Q:R:8TY3#%_'+!'
LR\I^%:*$_\/SK?ANTV%NPC?_:/P;IM@OTFP

[#V/;_(W?)KV;\(TG;;D




;@_'),3'@%\2!KLXDU#)&?$E&-_+
MC&Z(%!0N

P.7YG?TAUNYK.0L+=ZA^R](U&=U3

-

MVZ\\99= -

F;*S]C?]@LZ&@<N%XX\]F'+/1<-A-/XC-WSC_U!+ P04


ZT'A3&ZNX1]
VS'46

.=W2J^-%-*T/#E9D

QK\'X4N5T
M$P2!A-('!H[;!9Y RD$,GY/G'1.&8#+\Y7]4ZP=:SES!T]&_A*5;W.ZIZ2
MFO?2OYCA

-WJPIW$;Y[I_!^G2!=)4@C0?J.
M8/^AQ+68AP])V**GFP3I\F1TO0Z3O+.P_L8Q+?Y%_X..W?N&V$=N1L/+YL

$%     @
M$84\37
8F-BV 0  T@









M_[
_6[38PE))#9V3IB
6ZIP^[(ZG-

-_:^-
M\8!2DAL<H18_V&(HJ'TXWN'93F,V&=[T\P]BRS<N_@%02P,$%     @ $84\
M3;;R(MVV 0  T@,  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T






M)Z:%[&B11=_9%!D.3LD.SH;806MA_IY X9C3A+XZGF33NN!@1=:+!GZ ^]F?
MC;?8PE))#9V5V!$#=4[ODN



MQ?!53+)$




M0M-TFM2L;.+UTIWMY'HIKKHJ&[Z3D;K6-9-_MKP2]U5
XH^#E_)\T?8@62];
M=N8_N/[9[J39)0/+L:QYHTK11)*?5O&&++8TM08.\5KRNWI81S:4O1!O=O/U

MK.(BCH[\Q*Z5?A'W+[P/:!)'??3?^(U7!FX]
1H'42GW&QVN2HNZ9S&NU.R]

MO4B@3@F@\!





M!MO$:7*D-$


$%     @ $84\389:WR#
 0

8Q


M/DO0D
21?BFGX?)=T.'.E^\_.=RM'(8P^[#(/BBR#Q!$*Y$0)@Z+1$&1*$!P


C.RFMX#
#U+V#U!+


MG0L.5N:#:.$;N._#Q7B+K2QUKT#;'C4QT!3T(3V=LQ ? W[T
-G-F81*KHC/






10T/A[OP]E.8S89'OOY!['E&Y=_ %!+ P04

G7B1=X'K_P?[9UVYKN3 -CY+_:DO3
M9/B 40D5&[AYEN
7F.M)
)J+_P97X!;N








MWL9'9)_AX[3_%+9NM2

M=-
/8O
[EG'
_N*0#FE?; #CRKE5K
]HXUQT8LT4#



:
MX2[2=\OH^_VZ0+(JD$2!Y)\2]Y]*7



4*=  1HJV


M'SGV)@_.V(IXA\D[]%XSOM\G[!J$1LQIP/ 99CTA&*I/(?A2B!/_1.?+]
UB


M:&5E='


G[/G'1)&8#K\PO[0ZS=



MME%Y\0#'W;\?8-?S
KZ8N^.YYYX#SOFHS9OM !QZET+9 G?.]0=;-6!9/9&
M]Z#\3J.-9,Z[IB6V-\#JF0%H9O-'9&
*USF
.4P

M%B]%LO=IY2JNX[23T3DMG4#G!+HD[&
=
A6*RI^88V5N](C



M4U6MU$JK5$V?67MLHX!Q :_3O^^ '==-G1=@ACEGS@Q#-AK[[%H 3UZTZEQ.
M6^_[ V.N;$$+=V5ZZ/F-E8+CZ9MF.LMBJM&(\26Z8%K*C119])UMD9O!*
M=GRQ U:_O[
J


G[-G'1)
M&8#K\RO[IU@[UG(6#AZ

MCOP_.-^&[S85[B)\M\Y^^T[^_2;!/A+L_RDQ?5/B5LQ;E6S54PVVB=/D2&F&
M+D[RRKL

$60T'MP_$6


MJFJE5EJE:OK
VF

7LD.






69Q$JNUCY'XW.5TTU



MD[SPS@/[P-.;_(6/T_Y5N$8:3ZXVX

MC6


  !D   !X

C-X)3NX
M6.(&K87]?09EQISNZ*OC43:M#PY69+UHX#OX'_W%HL46E4IJZ)PT';%0Y_1^
M=SJG 1\!3Q)&MSJ34


W1Q

MJ=1(JU1MGKTP@!5?J&V6Y.]K&T)(RHOM&9]SYN)Q/FKS8CL AUZE4+; G7/]



@6+FWYEC96[TB
S4




0KZ
7[
F75(&XMJ^
MJG^









SAS7-8J_6I*
M !N]2U&;=5Q:VZP(

OS3*LVTEWR&^[_
5TQEYO&T,JPIX3;YSUDD]HFI&+)^HQ
MVP[#KC!T0!#'/H1@6(@MNW-GN/L$53@)[M/_%,YO%&*8!1YDB@:9(@1+G&&
M$LSN5ARHQ+#C&0R18.D




M:&5E='


M'D0/G5FIA.14FU#66/42:.E(G.$H#!/



M
*\([!17RPB


MRRN7_P-02P




@[=H5OH+]W1VE.T:ARKAMH52W:0
)E%SZAQT-J







M

_,$!VT8'!T 4$7

?(YYH




M=#4S+GAM;'U5VXZ;



\<H%[286
JN$#M-Q#H_7@J,,S=!XB1(-$%RUX5HU04;D\8K'P:2:TAOG#[P
MD3IEI X9JU[5!I,N:N2%/+0K)38JBI/BP6O+G&(RAYB5X=K&6#W)+4H2L+D



&P)GH9:Y7#
S)
U&T&&:_\'\$ZK^ 5!+ P04



M**Y(]@+(V9(814D4Y8B1M@NKTL:.HBKY3=&V@Z

S7

QN*_P1VHAALG.D?-J;2_07V3BK-115MA

R#GS);ZB2A2E8(/@7!_5D_

%AHOI+:-\@0O2EFCXCC-






AA_1\]PFM(&SNMO


M!:RS$S7I3M.T29M
MFG[S.AU-(MB@1FW?U] UUC'W;X(]W+.X1Q%TD&J)UT#
MF.Y%9W.4&U,O\=8%S6T7-_)'CJ[4DG5

@A0Q%Z:3PVY]JX!L[3GI_A.Y@?_5'9L\J
M9=-IQO9!0JJ#'V(]H?8X3W@9P.#7LP#E^0DY9

MF

M88BM#

WP




XYQ
MV@OYK&H [;UPUJH



D/$&@(&A;8*

;TD^@_

%4Y?AK%IW=@/.]%NI&T3@I$0

UA%K;HSL[MF;3*5.]Y
MF
0IOENA$?
X8((9)GB+.*T1X1\1; Q

#

$%     @
M$84\39G1YH:W 0  T@

MW''OW;OC2 =C7UP#X
FK5JW+:.-]=V3
%0UHX6Y

9JX=&T-7.=!5%&
MD%:

WQ).O&!P?+TT[4
M\ /\S^YLT6(S2RDUM$Z:EEBH
GJW/9Z2$!\#GB4
;G$FH9*+
2_!^%IF=!
$

K8AW*-ZA]YKO#ON4
M70/1%'
:8_@B9CM'




M9V]J!

IWHRH6SBH2-^:AJN_.Q#RL8W3^'WBN;Y6QDV@
MLNCX%7Z^=4=E!VA




Z18E(:_]6W=
M^O;1KQ \V
(&/!CP:$CI?PUD
)9 ?5DOM3/W/R4/(1J?YC==S])](-L8=Y



$X6Q
D
M.'2&DRT^1$YHQNAZQK/4K=@ZS]/Y^:#)I7/U ^NKG6KHZ


.Q#:&-YU&33*]TQ/G\7?V3SXY9#MS 3HF?36GKC&Q(4$+%3\(^
MJOX!QCQK$HSAO\ 9!
*=$WQ'H83QSZ X&:ODJ()6)'\9QJ;U8S^LL
U(6R9$

MG+/-.J5G)S1B[@=
-

#% $@]I!PB[





&9VQ%

*NI;B2/^#TW5XNJHPC?#TD\+]







M32Y'IF O^)_JK
MMN J#

@MB=GC)+AR[^!T
M4UK4@XM!J=E'WU:-:[M^)4V&
'\ '@+P&!#_/X 
 606@'HRE^I7IEF12]$%

-?E3LEPI1PDR
M 

9#%_NDV0KC;(:SE
4)
MC9



M

M^U6?5;7U





%

/W[;@:DSQ6^.Y.[?6-TB9]^P
W\!^




M^\KTN9

M_P!02P



MM9UP??O:AB




FL(GW'TR


M^( 0#!


M9K#:=R%;3U^;H_6=[D[
=7JG:5N;GX1?\DI81R;5I6RNSC-CDBJ-[I/:\TQU



N\X( @&5PS

(3S\IO-PFR#8)LDB0?2*X^E+B5LSUER1DU5
)
5=!O:6QC?Y)^F_1<S+5<6G;3S+QO[WVCMP$O97?@1ZOP'
M6PP!C0O':W\VTYA-AM/]_(/(\HW+_U!+ P04      1A3Q-9W'9HSX  F







XP
/)5_
P-_H/):]VIZBTN7S<%7$10G.3
WTP]BKS:
R-




#A?8 ^=.
MR-IXG331_$I'7

VC'!Y@RI.@8 K_


R2%0XV;US)V):$?LQRQ=TW\[OV;3:MN]%#2F&;XXH0ES
M/V+B!2;^B-C?(D@R0[ U


M
5\V





MOJ)/E+30B;

M:1VGDV(]A]T/X'
 7P+XU
N4*%7^6011E\Z.Q$VS'T2\XM6.XVR:Z$RC2&=8

MH MQN\&]F^Y\
H(=YN?
EG^J_@]02P




M$[O.:/X;W(!(N%(BGU%2PO6_4UZYH
V814II\



(6:


#:40%H4F2$\GX@.LRY ZZ+M79C[
M02-SEI+I/WL0:JKP!K\FGOBIMSY!ZG)D)_@.]L=XTXB*TO+)0R&JP%IZI\
KX4<V#5N-QWLCXZ]5]02P,$%     @ $84\3=7?%:.!!0  ?$




M)HV\T/Q0)'WK9PN)+)XDN5QKB1M0L(]J;$!?-:/DX:-VH.M_JHH84&%CJP

M

M)(SBAH7AES';_BRZ2F%
FG).&'Y)X==&ADX _L&)-\/X2[3[DY7AZ+ 4[X0C
M@ 3[OR&+G28 HQ-OAN. 1#D 61HY&9;

M 2




MX_ LNGIJZJ-6SI3[#(X$!D4LJAIQ6^R8E-6@P.B7GP!R)V_G! 
#$/_H8F
M_+?FS^*@8%'&']XJ2S/^_YD_BV.#1;&!*3-8S+V-*?O-HLNYN1OJ?IJQPNS;

M/
R_C:GX 1%K@\&W

?TVAGX@XH;D

MU:P

M-;XH?ZWKSO==23_U ][Y8GL^*/UK-_P[W-UF^CW =-#5Q_FW#LGY!Q?K_P!0
M2P
$%     @ $84\3: 49


.MGR+A!P6(6/T7)3&+P%_&QAD%?S


@O
#X









MLZ1_7]L0NMFX+]@S/G/.C)EQ



FF\KIQHD[2!E_MW]D=7NZGE1!0\

7^%M9X4!6OQW^$
U
!M)D:C%E2Y;U!/2@NVLIA4








M-BYX;6QU5.UNW 0?!7$ P0?MM/H9%O*I:H:J9%.J=K^YNSUAP+& 7Q.WKZ
M?:YSH7\.=CT[,POL99-4+[H%,.A-\%[GN#5FV!.BRQ8$TS=R@-Y^J:42S-A0
M-40/ECEBP0G-(INB6!=CXO
3DS#@^1_NLJT





!B&;P5Q 37'D$2 M&2J-FF3HD[K?COD
M2TU,;6=T-W]?*






K/6GVSGQ3:86:O97).LW131L-FIW51!--=*_8+Q7Q
M?Q.D $:*R$D1F?IX4A]N8K=![#2(C4%R%V
UBV$UF=&T=I$XB3;)+(M#%J91
M&+IQ$B=.XL#)9CA6DT[760=!

I=(:NV 0  T@,  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H


O2FJ;T]:Y;L^8+5M0W%YA!]K?U&@4



(





3?6 J

:0*G^P?[9UN[KN5$)!PX


0^/@+?\!
M4$L#!!0    ( !*%/$W[R T0-@

M:&5E=#@P+GAM;)57;6^;
!#^*XCO*YS-:Y5$:C)-F[1)5:=MGVGB)*B &3A)

!^
O&K?FSDR.N][/*256W.*Z=A^Z7[

MNGU

M62'ABHF

MOFB:%%:AH12*ZE;D-2
4HJ1DA9H=8(QF9S%3*BD: T$H1&8-% 
#:-JY 1
MC12ED2(T0HM&BM1=F

[10#7P @M*;5H(RXD@QDO5)R0
M.)[A@RLF8)*9V'P0T(0/G?()(JD? P49$\*%%3!EG6Q$4VD%2B((?9L5XFVN


M/)(
B95L8;=*8E:PZZB6^=+3]50O6 @]G^

MFSN)(N

HD4)$-I(%OH+X/)Z$C-*M4

(: 0JF
 M'#%8Y

M   ( !*%/$U:B!?.. 

M+GAM;(V7ZV[:
!B&;R7*!32Q'8X)&:-FF3JD[K?KM@(&H2



R7I/YEF7.H%8\
MY^*F[YXC-Y07*5_=R]?]



8) 1

@8



M1


[



 7CV

[]$['41.X+XAF#N)TB\

P\!OA
98V(R
ML:MSK\A\+$(F]FSA)5@\OF=++\'28_/^9(TQ2321)8[\%R0:R\3I!




M]K4-1PEQVS^Q=ST[.V/BS3LA7U4%H(
WSAJU#2NMVPUJJR 4[40+33FYPD


 K?


MJ=O_5HW;NWZ$[(:ROP%\5 0CP4K_,\


@#%+9&S\G3G#1=(FKN=O[%]<[::6
MU7P)-B?KM)M'GX*@PIJ.C+]+*:O

M
\39!L$B2.(/G@@-P4Z3&IP_0.<T@B$A]VR;82V50B=TIDO[M1(G=*
M*4GQ87^C@U97R$$V[O&JH!1C[QIG%5WZXQ&[)_ .]\WU@\JFZU5P$=H\)'?=
MM1 :C)OHP=AI33\OP:UMM/4S*5_U7ZAQ3 W+%K^&L5_4$L#!!0    ( !*%


I''RW?^\KT_E66EMIOL[]OT--]NJG_[PV@\_(/Z
MNEYMRG_[PV-5/;WY_OMR\9BND[*3/Z4;^.4^+]9)!?\L'KXOGXHT69:/:5JM
M5]_WN]WQ]^LDV_SAQS^5V8]_JGX\RQ?;=;JI5+)9JO--E54OZF+#/63Y1IVH
M3S=GZNB/QW_ZOOKQ3]]C(V[8ZZL/^:9Z+*'5

M3?K44?UI^


MO]GS':TI$F]6R4/]5_ODU79&.;IMBBH058N8#_I$F!VZ#.DJKQ[LE)=WPR


M+M5%66[3HM[@






MP!B!LNL_H\Q^4SXEB_3?_@ 44*;%E_0//ZK=.[GC:W26'O/5$IC
O](V50TN
M0.\ 53]ET&F#7VY7JQ=%A%7RN80EN$M5A@RO(=#GRV6&(A8&ATU.8
%;^KU.





KK[

69:K01FR:&RT[T##Z/H%MS73


/PPSP&9(PZM4
M4R0^ 3HN4#^O\:Y_=26L1P8==?LMS7#@HVX7ITK3S4HX
Y7LH@PK77;4!V3D

7Z-]K%M)R)

?;L@_
%&ASXS//(I!8&5%E?V6
MA



.B.[JQ0*5
M NSWGC((K!-@5=V
;U/'S[
KW]1']^IMY]N+B[/;V[4_/)
W5S\='GQ[N)T




$O!
582Q$ K]RDK
G:PX2]7:0ZG$_OI37XHT7W-/F 4@H^P
M&/1-)=^\NCZUHSUC+222'?(&BL







0&8\!G_-'#*\!B21DJ

4VC8'

XC$ODQI:ZF(/X






M Z)HSS 7*Q@8;!FOOC[


MU2$MK\8G8\]*NDL7R=9Z:4%/**H3V.U@M9@4%8O\E.9^CM12,_XKNB-5GT'
M/0LH#%:.[,C@(&'SE\?D98QV[7CE_IND\JV82I[!&T?9K7*X/VEJ/ \8-:?
MD:-M-TB^1;:HY
SD=
Z61?(
0R3M(J5]B;@-*;NR&IG6!5 JK!DLB
P(#QQ9



('6#%TCMV9(DO$4B
MMNHF3P2(4I0C02VNK$0Z^37O-#[H_V]OF\2AH

9;DPMW



M(*JRLBI:;
L*1'0A]&/L2]
.MP/V0V

M&M#W_;$B.%?DB J.
R )D3F'@GR9;^\J


MKCT:O--AN N2$9

G;C2Q[
M!C]W5 .TZ4@^3YGVVI%KCB$T&



M1_B 

M


)C73% !?@AUMF@\M&2'SSXK W


NO@$P
GF.PP4L 
 =UOJRTMN(F::P20

LP

MG[ZJC$&8@ O#=SS9QM07]QWMZ


M9?SI:05
#WF;

*M4X3WG'#_%)


Y?@-BLBJ*Q7(6;D 2M
M1=9+!!K@9[T =GO4YGN^)O!* F005418)QP$PNECV&Y$J+1
C\!5&.C1EA P

M\XHC9&N0/RK/H-)=X(,[016+&)/1 E+R=S[1.N[1;L
^OH$=^-




MF^@



MW[=@[=^3Q:W'A[$L8.ITZ RP








MI



M0&K$EUYJ[UMCBN
/QE#IC;2)2/&GI$'/&ZJ!,B,5N9K[F3TWMLQ5!P/BDH

[Q&U$-3[!

MXVT!/%1R*$\U1+%Y$I*:YQI8@8D%.V[&:)TOTQ7K*
8CI=^SEJQ5[!-T1VW2







]1K;=*:
MW(X

M;H9[.H%S)R]T7@1N;8UD_F@C;Y#F-_A!SDT7S@





IK%XW%7


XZ04A&+YIFT&9N/FJC=6W\$S]9U]


M
ND7Y:ZP20
''8!H[@['T5\+M.

S
?[

MX2!Q=KL(SDM_ %N S\;2X#UPW#?M4.VC9R6;G^FCM71)EJMZ^.HYT)KF6B












M))^02E_X]A*SJ;7FTX[*M@ZK8.D(QF?$:# ZD]FH!)
@9]:Q)/NRCS9Y&9
MW
SDKQT
DN[D%M$PP;PCEW1!T[_1('AF&5<MM3;T<UKMN4[S
ML8^; 1$&B;77U6Q
O]'*PXQ)A=;T8 RJ_Q36;13Y_\1+'Y'!Y&(6+@0/LX/T



MX3MJ.'*?G=



9I$
EOW9/9BM#%[

?W)?I$ 46]C!Q5;?WB6]@T J.24&@&<=<[U,H6P<3R#3VLX
M6=N'.(1*^IF3P99LCUKVPQNT$Z[13+DPN8C4$7')8YT-E_4^^5A61O(][1KB

!'H[O_QW]?;C


M:AXJ



M1Z!03-5YLGB


M=#
X,4-
MG69)H _W\D47,D @8H1!(3 P;^;#Q&< -15O%=@$J(P1@4Q)9'$G0?;A$

*-FW=


M&\7C:0^GV0-6.!@.&LR+D!LZ_HJ13!.0N&X4N;Y.JTSNV[S5UVUW.-@^7MK0
M







ML5W)M70WYX%

V[MWTK._8DJ-1=7B2AM$^S?S.P9[8?^

M#
$

:]QSO^D#
M/HF_(=R2TSR#;OJL

MS+N30RQ=W^8@28XYL&P
Q+J?!%$=(L)K/[6UOOSO=ONA/:
--!']1$BL]U

;(#L
6[;
9Q
]=._^
M/C

MPG64 B@=KHY

 QBW'_&V7LNK

MK]


X.\9

QBPESEXSAE%/#^$


*6VS61-BV]JL*3U:KT64*7N+R;$$
M312:$U7I5T.3 (ON@S<ALMX./!6C'BM%.2YW 9,<D(TF.I)HU-6^[MK]3+K
MC
0F?A)K_-JX%XQWP8

B/9(Y

X9


MCB9=CVVI0%DVL3F\^2TA9JKH8
.[L3Y\3DTVCL)%)@H76SW7B7D^L_^(0YE2


M)WN.KMSA%;RM4W&TIYROC%+1
!BAPCKGUL]CN?=^KSUM0K^RNA&M+O?M?(R]
MD\)84J[N3XA)SO0MJ#:SH$9ND ;FZ).TCUE1=6O2
GMP;RC[*9U\#
S$T3


MB
 NN?GX_N*

_OQMB%U?.Z^B44]UC/7-$K6LH[%KWN7LQ=.##
M]M3!L+UZW]\VXONW.OYYN1X.5WN+;9Q
IH0\B
IR:!WKT-;9M+$E&W7:]$7




6*EA!$X9Z=RN.


9UK88H()1/W::$EI3!],.328)I:%DRG



MC_&..$?ZHZ\ZX%HO5S,C?KG3N$1YVMLZ;#]IJE+5RQT=+O(/3G:&'#[D2W

)RNN .$A7R BDDI*;8NXMDF:J[EA3:@9G%+V9.]



9OW4@CE.NM54G






RD#U!CVVY38A#IU^$7@A

M38K[6JE[+U4_\3U]V:9T-%]4$YRJ700-:2P$1:1







R5+Q3[EII6.F-\^.D5EZ6PZ
M*8]

UG6

ZG/S4+97/M!
MSG]DJBIIKD9) N!4V/(]=HN

2L3MKN[E/ON0%G1(G
M@

MB=7N2JEL:0E(+KO9I/\L227IN]$JLD+'2'2!3$_\D^ILV!.(I/3%*
ML4AC=
MQ81=H?OBQ;F^JEU)!5^JK0)6
9B7UW^MTCQ]F)#IH#6W7P+_\0#QH9M5AI5
M &BH-_E.Y:;4!1O PJ*=:A69Z\C3:6=D*@B.KA78%DTF&/%CC0X11&.)[=&
MOP@ Z\



MT

?
M3F1 (O:*3?OAC

(O?M2J0#J&_9RF8;I;P7$GB0=YKBJN-?

M1TX87DPG&JM)#D&



M:B Q:[R

8S#)SQ'4P&5R.N$(X
MG173CV849$(?X!*
;PGR]O0O<WVQ
M2])EDH6R628X=:<VG:[0K1-;H=%!\!8-;W5N?I5Q9(I0DUJRE-L6-! $K1GX
M</I%WRGW_O.J6M+U2'P&@DN/XV7(-NF)-B]
3


P@7;**Z1'



3?L]JB]H)TBE#W+ LJ=)6WX]EQ C+/=(?!+ /=R&'[E
M;0CNVG2;(Y5\$4L0MR&FUP\9JG40R1++PZ# :15C)07?+.K5XX25
-BUI#
M0X+R!Q(*8^YPNB39)!=V$+@&!=I1;]
0
$$L+FLK:2^5GKBG#HT.(B30TF/%

M&3 






M)$WRABG(X*5
0()R'2=./-V4( N-$+4M
QY





^]32$APD^$M1.6+]'#RK8@Z\N2F0:G9T0K1_Z6

M^';K*E
9-*D+9L7VO?(+#;Q-KYG9NL_$V.


Z7Z8HU(N

M3- G]Y0MG$B;F! 



C 1&DD+
M$FKUA(IE=(!X0[V/A5EIK2_L4X08?+O('JCB26U


M2*(3:[% RYBOEVNW]QV8!08W$FM##?Y$OZ^
W[_(\5KKN2:W;;9N['V5_59C

M_-%_7(J:6W(3-A+4Z/X^.OW-#^AO1Y6TQ2

MB2DI*M'LUI5VU@7O_\WEB8CC+FZA1=W].%+OVJ


)%AKM

'[_G6^N'+
MWKSQ_GO7^JK1IQK%0RSK!8+*_!58
RD-*VLVF U@S:A\8G\ZB =823'0-XT7



G



O\,W,W_PR?K5?M]VN3VGPC1= P4Y=O(!7'0]E0(\:@50  TV_!-_)$:<
M/B??;$L2#L/N%$Y)#TL-1.QQLP *X+2<C OR#?R:HL'X%5%_4U]0 #)_^
M:!+)8CK3AH&@%M@;]5$9!I5W-!R!$
:J2%U0 ^&8SJ9@1\X:!N%ECW_6T.
MY'-FJB4=L/YM^9._=9W;TC$[I9E




M S#A0(0=

E5O _&!I\\]*YO^O*IGO*+E[T-[_

MAXY^YREX3:G40\ME'N9


M9AR0
/4&\]Y]-3Q01;/;Q



MC7?]N!N^^ TXO 



!_$$


WK_
L480

M6[7:=4ZK_=XCK*2T4E0Y%?Z#JC&B@.Y 0TZV2

M';KR ^:L6& @CQ)V





[4YHU=5:NK40VT-;&3NH0T
8'='

M=O?*O?KP[HW*MR*;VY27G5!A#=]L.YI[$



MJ/

MQN@$N-Y01/__ J^'+
7_9!B[^B\ 8_\?I?I/!+#O$\&N



H
MKR)8*%6^\[PJ*3!#U9DH
##_IY#Y]#5$<-@B6@$KQ$ETE
5H88H2OGGAA'(JB00.G&TG2!


2*84EO]$#.]DZ
M'X5 :\]7I2;




MA]:]_S^_Y7]

M5&?CY+X%  !

6;74_C.!2&_XK5JUD)
M;9OO@  )Z%P@



_=QSX'R0


M;Y0AD& #$\&^;R2%#(D-$I(6

_;]5J:=P=U


V_6[UQ
MOSL3%!.:AEDU$Z


YF@=N8QM4%^)FOG
5UYFX

M

M'T81_BSR60

7FZHXS(&3ZS


MZABK6NI\'XRVLTK/M?Q2NOC((3Z[0W;*V
?OES++5D'@(V7XS
IX+&LEZE)

S6Z8VA^QM*
9%U F;KM
-H5V.'R#8A
MLVU@*@VI;4)DFY#9-GVI]+MM0F2;D-DV7\)I9VLCS83


9%WXJ.\[O\

@U

7)-?*)U


P6P=.
M!X[IS'0ERTS6P=B)C3A),@Z?O*93!KF5#K)

@  &@



M8:\$;9;P]79 ;\?7VP&]'5]O!_1V?+T=T-OQ]79 ;\?7VP&]'5]O#_3V?+T]


M[P3T3GR]$] [\?5.


$%     @ $H4\30I2;$\T @  0S$
M !

?Q5XFXG8*# 9M-36_:



TH
MI&844S

A:4&0M*+(6%%D+
MBJP%1=:(FM!D;6@R%I09TILI8464N*K5%UI(B:TF1M:3(6E)D+2FREA19
M%45619%54615%%D5159%D5519%44615%5D6155-DU119-45639%54V35%%DU
M159-D5539-4462N*K!5%UHHB:T61M:+(6EU0UOF8]J8=_I?DUSCN7^:+^;\3
MUW\ 4$L! A0#%     @ $84\31\CSP/     $P(   L              ( !
M     %]R96QS+RYR96QS4$L! A0#%     @ $84\36;SV    L0   !




B!+

M



  !@              ( !$B



M

  !D


2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      1



3

M%     @ $84\334&(WZV 0  T@




M/IJW 0  T@





C(N

  !D              ( !





4


S+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( !&%/$UAPIUZMP$  -(#


M4$L! A0#%     @ $84\3;?F_J+' 0  -P0  !D              ( !'58


MP$  -(#   9


M$84\382C@4^W 0  T@

M='



MO=)MP$  -(#   9                :EE  !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H
M965T-#

  !D


4




M   ( !&%/$UMS0MEA@(   4*   9                1]X  !X;]W;W)K



RYX;6Q0


4      1A3Q-DS+K



4      1A3Q-SB P4@@  !U!0  &0



M% 


M:&5E=#8Y+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( !&%/$W*@N/S. (  /L&   9


M:&5E='

2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      1A3Q-U=\5HX$%  !\(0


4


M=#@Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( !*%/$U:B!?.. 
  .@/   9



M='


U@$  $$$   9                2S'  !X;]W



M A0#%     @ $H4\36?@BRE: @  W@L   T              ( !\QL! 'AL

-P  #P



end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Plant and Equipment

      
      

 Plant and Equipment

      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Plant and Equipment

      
      

 Plant and Equipment

      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Plant and Equipment

      
      

 Plant and Equipment

      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    

  
  










begin 644 0001213900-18-013211-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0    ( !*%/$V5*\!1W[8  %Y(P 1    ;W)N8RTR,#$X,#8S,YX
M;6SLO6MSH\BV(/I](N8_



M7#L3]RMSH\_0%^8WY!/#USO*_.';B_P)^Y_G]U_@U_#\;\PTJD@/C,G)P5&
M^P,YINO]?G^]&FT:!/,OGS^_O;V=.NZK_N9Z/_Q3PRTVW(.[\ RT&LOU'.,G
MX4+@^!&GB-SI^P2@OM #^ I_!E]Q&OY^]AP7WCUR?\?P7G?1@X:_FX=Y'



GD7^Z0
83IMPCQSV%
KK/J?-%L\UAN;AFA1$\P6_AE*AG(C<:HKHF^WQ-T:*/XQHETW0


H)850'2; -852J*/:@3J)[R =?RP:+NA&0D[0CCYHI]
M
A9^X

O&)S$%]%7



MFZ@?.=]'E.^]XWL7SFI*Y$1EX- RT/-@L(#H?%PG(GZX%\Y#SP4IP_:DDN[)
M]X*G[_J[-5O

MTB=HPTUB10ATLD2/9A%2H5_S\QA



M-B0/4]U#_J-[AD+:?!Q92


)0J3FLU!S8H%#V
M]X;]!SHJ0D6A)Z(PC$




?NPVS&8


5%9
/JR*N

PMSPK

YC




G))9:26C%Q] !FYHC)2249N

K)/1FC42V5DGXS0

M$+JR'QGHWNZQU)=PFH$^=':N%QGH8Y9PFH$^N(SW) -]Q%).






M4 +$;3#31DU

&CK_?H$(!FH+
=D'3S*5Q%#3%ES9?
M$IUUCUXL'\R_$]SH




MF:=K%(K#5ARK#2PVV[3D$EB4-4Z1B\V:ZS^B6S[OQSWS7D .^PZR07/WJ%





M%0!-K3T\R2[%G8?FNF5^TQWS&QA)U)E5D+$;)L#BR@:C)* E2%MV\@3I-TF\









1+CEY;@!\XP8#QGNBV/]&YF
-6&L@)GJ



MO@W)^T5A690L!1^GVY0HKXZXD2QK29]K'UPU

M!MT45XB;6]0; !2'K@29-(XK
241[O5M
YW0A

3UT

M4Q554Z7M**(5@ ]
F[+&7I9'X-@DLYR=TP:&@'4
+UAV6'6143





M/KM!X







:C
)A\2

PY[EC7-_G29






MC


ID8&*G.B?$[$P\&33;;6
M)3U1#5 D3FT*
EEC545E-56JR
+#DXS*5E]E2V9'THCEU4*GV_I LD%E^U(C
M_F;4_*/^'E6H!Z3.7

$<QW5.0 ^2
MS&GH]
ETNH2^5D26'Z4O=/7%LY_HWQMEZ^RR
K\X?DZ?/]O$\D*:F]+S9&S

KAA!U#C6$'(;CI.O;^Z

M5
U5AZNB0ME68]Z#PH-;F%

M(PZ5EY[+B\3R L^*4O;!O [D94]-9YUBS



MLB%\@UYU4\=;)*0A#Z^P#*^IZBD# S/QH%
8]!DA$E[CMY\C 8I'
]$KLMTY

M(-\CL#] []]T6W]?




'WH+
&+[]
M87VXO






M9]QL]PVB5&Q%7&Q-/



_X'4P-J:%

M

?C).2$N7]CA=DLJF!


Q@8[#URV2L<.P5&!D#)I+N



'H
M Q!?/@8[-H4V2;90N6\J$/\@/X@@BJE)FK-D
F1;8$7M)0(@:-X;7C8=)

N4:R#K00)=G#EI^-/PDVR


;Z3:P<N&%%?MQ))4

MHHW( 


;6L^I:V-;

[V%^'(K%B



S9-NB;F. PY\6R[5_*V

MFP5EQ
HR5R0Q4Q.&OA) X-F1DFTV*L
PJ#1#MJ;.S !5]36J)E:K2D%VPW

MTSPXS8/3/#C-@]
\.


MR2I^GIIN+[3(CA$K:RJK\CW97BBR


M[A$\O4 X174.('JZ$?S3J;GQ]@1QZMD.U]A:QP1!6R]Y=_7-[\?LF
;RZ8


[NM /+L/=]DHY

MCE9OD\\++-JVST3CI^,@JRLMS
+1Z]


^M1R]


<2;[B
H@!*L'


9+T2BT5O^4;#Z6&H'E$/P\?[



ML:@N0=C$J[F9_Z:I/J@D)DV6-!.?%UC=-%_2(3\*K'O:[XK6;V+791J6D_T&

[I#+KLB
M&X\BAY_F98XQ]:5_RL L3#B#C] /
M1

M[LV_[5B=




M@ CSN^58L\7L'IQ7W;[3ES-\?=V5Z]W.$6YK[+Q\0[H/H6KU$/(0F0NZ==]N


3.:P*@








?;M_IEGGM
MG.MS*]#M ET/98W7!+E/Q(]Q.G=G,]<A0Q? 8R3)M]'-.YTW*BO  :UEH&)
MK^73F %RRO+1MZY'J 7UUL63B#?N,Z);AC(QNWOD,F04?[^.6/8W5D?  W[
M;.%;#O(+*X5?\1))3K(QRNXDES.$]QI>?O/

M13J.T/?7-]_U-^;V/.0)$45!$U,W#R2/VD#,H)&-4B
/*JH(S$3F%L=#=&
MVF_B&@*QL O2

JZG!?ET4A2#JP:#BK3:?!4


ASA1$+FJ
OC%![:FKR[R:+?/5H6D@(:-*
M/^J[1KMD]2?^H*MOU$DT:RQN%HKTVB%%Y\+4MT&UGD&Q2LC6\[ ?C&%*7G








M+\L$?J3QG

M4?Q08NXF82YME3FY'M QBV AS

XB%@%K G6-[9NA/ ^L!;D7/\2#.D






-U
M7IC_PO^[=9@K].P1\'D

$7







V1N



Z)@7.GMDTT
MD!OKZ_7CY'
8= *^N_OF?^D[*3?!R]6U![N;L0^7RC5R9V/S%P@F^4SN^BAX


#RSA-@Y

MD&\!+/#E%-EFM
.QM:/AGS*/9%#\
Q
LYUA_VTO&6S@@)AZ
1BP'NP=)N9


Z@7^
M-%E94P*V=M'*/(XS3'0RS_ ,%)TBYPV'B5J=8TO;&*_;VO+XNV=NB&9[R$!
M\@XX92






^5Y

X.]F$JL'VXKM0/5P,!=OA\*P@\PO5_#\JK&'
OI0





M-N3S!#^WXL!SRL3/:P$MX^IM3%IN@JQ:%)XK48Q2U?G+@?O:]_'&'M[0FRSP
MA69SW3(/1*-A
*$ B0OZN2NX'Z8Z/CH3N

C%;U=

Q99G$69E&M WQ;&-\L\/4_*_H6^@??$Q7JZRUZ99S'.BS#
MNA/'UE'I6M JQP 1-%F^:O10#
.K_JJVPNT10\213'A.KWA_^3!E
5;E')

K[M]VK60_?;D)TJ!
MQ90X!=UR/Z)$[99;)LX=G[8^JIM)0
2J&BL)G
5N=0!T:A\'%8^5H;?4U



^H)LBWSF/+W6/G+
MCP26%VG2Z-#(TO3LI:REK*6LK8GR%+64M92UE+6]M5/IA5#.^FAYW3-$G4

I@P^5@9#-(HKS0-7QH





M


HYQP/SGPD&
R+&
P/&C3)84F*FV



IDR




Q)YQR(G*??L6@SI
T#HN!F$=K
MAGSF!KTQ]^Y


&






MUMBV(@/@$Z/. C$OR

MHB%&/Z6X
V0
7F)%66-'HK ?@=I@])0&@LSR/
=R0@LT&%35=BIJUUAM(3]@
M+

M





/Y(3

B


M!E/D'48&%4'A%74-= 8H52 N03I5E'A!* T%H2G0%ZN%#FDFJJH@)VB6 D99




\\)#^H+1 T;0


*CM/F

_*U

M^#.GJP67DH!++6+T97+.:$*7/%50-?D)J#D?EY%@KW[UA?'LG_Y%(#?\8GY
M7&_TI3@)4Y*.+/9LVUH?'+9S/WZKIDMNC5-B\ISEB4'+W


?\CAW68)LB'H




MZ%%Y^]A*QK&2HKG6S=PLLFV@[=@Q+RQ_52QY^3Y'CH_\NOG99#YV.U];^K!Z
M(EU;( D;N/

S7!XN





TVYT)0+3;G0E M-N=4TVYT)0+3;G0E$O?
P4TY4)3
M+C3E

/8^$#;Y_.R5_(&^\TQ
CH



WD]]<U_0?W4W

**LR

ME-EH
L+?-/9<AG$K/*BRD1ZV+[V[3

+@3_4

MX$+&E[PBX(C5UU7/6#-P[TOH@63UX?#-.LT2EG]E4N58CVKEJ)@RI[2R8]YC
M)=QV*^YFZ#8HC4U/LC5TDJVM)OO%5V4KQ&Z-L@V1L=2*M#=/L-786#W$WFQJ
:ILR7LM[M$F?GP@8A97P/
M]O)ZHL#ZMDM<=P?LX/#77!K'J<#ZMDT\=GK@9#U1'_U;9LXN_OH( 2K!X:1
M[A+W8;


M

MTWP#[0$4JXS)=G@5 2\1*9 4VAP3HK PTA?PK1PY?\1W=L_+6P? NG+BO#



@WH[=:KL9K9:;FZ

MG
S6]+:Q3O,1 #5J0Y#B!*A7CYW\C$??N)TL' 7UF.[AB6;E\[?F %Y-+B





L$Z

;Q-O?

MT*9JIOHHW-G9CG/UDH[%_I'DUA.YEE-E!A8^,$4,7I&+0OCA3LW^%,(UT=



N0X/T%1($N[B +P%UNXFR:I!%.-G(NO+I1-8
MP?)N\6Q;QI7MZJF%*NH)+YR(_&9F=OL4CB#RJL;__7/JJ#MGG8#809=%/2-!


EJ21APA. *[^$1SK1=;*FJGR4DD @-7
M@BZJ*FRI!6;
%2!7=!!XV2%%T;:MOHM %$YU27*G





M M(2X/UI*U0=WL;:VV2 D)3YL



IMA23%CT$4@+ N4GDD
M[ K04$F.%\$46/WO-@QQI$%GN.VLPTY8%7%()/$W4#5EI'-@%X2%$V3\V#?
M:PDSX2Y+26W$:[PT:@8VT7@![J#JTMZ1
D$5)4Q:(&F*6 1KVCGP39]P!C\

YX4+LF;P!


+QM#U'^C';
M]=DO[F14+;PI!/P!Z!?,TZLPPIM +J%=3OE4.2L=VML(B2[]A?P\L7 W 2















P_5O-]=7U^?CFT=F?'Y^^_O-X_7-;\S=[;?K

MK




M#KES6)'16+SZU0?$YHMG\&KQT^=3(!2!@4G
?W=_OH'%L2V'XUWH%[BEM.W'


M]]:#CUT6'#;C=.4C9CV
/:6WJ0LNU8G[!GXC@2-I



I@#-RY2

MC


#S(_M

&^-U'396!*1=
M^D8NCSA7
ZR[B!+Q+% ^ELZ 








MSP#Q\)%


^D)R&*W00CW(@*RI[3.0JIZZ?@UNIK1U;:FJ_4;I*MA_S$%

\H9Q3\#[@K8.@]#D'Q\#WX?E]DZW!]@J?)H!LJ#=#'
M$'EN(IP;(3E$^I'S!$*)@BN
5@@3]'Z1-:?%D* 1]KB/8UYT%1^](Y2

&_.R&
M;U=4_7.F9



5;-S *[1]+EK'5W) \\9L@\*Y

!D!=8YY:

N]P28G*BRQRV@05-
NPIRAYSM*@
R&JDHAX-G05




M!D  Y @?


M1FP4RI(660^.'@C



=/JYCCX^IKQ
M


I

M?G\$C2SH(PQA]
[Z[R&H114D()W_W










15\6GMP8L3A_63!H(@D+3
MK#.+2!#(6MJ&:0)?)0JDP ,]27_-%Z'@,)N7GOY_KC9P_0N_FX%1LD+]8S/
MHNDB.7W.]$LS





][741RQ[RO6L+-]JW3



MZ++?\'%C
L0[!2*\




MV7F2U=./J2\-\
P8$


=A1$[\KWO

CJWN(KAIHBNJ![V\
M@3.PX-W8EQ[=^T()Q





ML(6$EZ0\137H.WAWT84=U3P2+@#CLR!3
H$7/K\8MA!#829ZZVN(38C(

M*D#CZ.GT!/?[=GQ_K![(

P;W
DEO\
$L^/'(;R4QC:C

B7'RN!3_@
M?O[



MKWBQ3.]ZZ1X^8\$:W9K%NRH01;L1\?+)G;P@]-(S:V[.%SSOQ8XS[8% $\
MD8V^EM*7#^\BN^])UC?QW%XU\0S8)^E8@:CS0I$F\YK%'!M0D&2(8$*2&8TL

5\M.-


A;2UBRDH$$6TGM1PY]EV(:CGG!&FF!? QBG2+'2


P+GYG40YH2I



8JHI#5V4'2Y5KF4^68FO

(#W3;(^C

B[:U)6
^Q+ODCO1ZFP
M+8'AF_$&*F^


Q3EHPM'!LUFA$/WN!FF


MA2!HCK.6.:
Z7NO-#





O)\E^NI[UN85&Y&_6
M
OC#H8MY.G


85W ^I$';\'647FX/.):$\L=AG!2
MQ]9[1QN@
Q






M

2Z-G




/IZZ01=(JJW)[G

A\U#;ZFQM\!\R@
M#\?C/)+38CDHP%X

1W0IZHP24Q2.A9Y&VA8D7V4



1E8XK1.F/BT)YFU3/IE6_KQ$&V9/)5]AO B_&@6YC
^/8#X$?80AC-Y9_ST$C:I63F=


MY/VCO)D_Y@J]7M6$;7++WNCJ'2)
LK
7N%^W5+G8\$ 4]? 3JP/D11J3X
M]-D/YH=CN:C638'RZ3!IP0*]- A'GFO%H$GVQ;QTF4<=,;W44@*HVC-2O1//
MA):5ASSK$%M)QF+F2*:9BAJ8+)N?N[Z\6+9JX.Y +Y(%T')T2<YG1VD8?!GL
MK14&;))+O.9
LKQ*%R
M$0T01=4Q'*]
2/LU.127ZHBUTY5]\NTV^8CGV1W

DNWO&:U
+\;[6


^:UI-UZ'G=T&F2SF.0L$2&&UYYQ!

F:)^]IB&A0E5[IT;4G?BO1Y




M^PQG(E



M8A7%7#'8!KK9E4001-HM;F]G']@3IW94H]5SJRP=0DW^EUW (/@)+ZC]S_

$2;E0[Y$:
M%E=9X*45\E)M]#:



M66
N


M7VW*-RBDP2-8I:=-$(^UOE)D=#W)\2*J
S!OQ@6




M5;06CE0D.+8^5M%:

?VQBI:548J\B2VHH8VNR;A[989


MQHI7

M^ '4.LQ'_* 0LVZ K4*[N67O@ABA
3M 8S-S$\4[6L=GTW=-]61:ZV*U.W
'

M=L6



MXB5Z#'H#98W_T2!BS+;2(&9N*IL-8UDQI:6C.[#/L.QX1YY?0P)J;[+-HG5U
M:K?.VO857'SR[ _THN99Y/)$@JAW3'?PZB$[D75$A[1^7N/8;$[C*O=4@!


PW@A!:^Q_EV#&YX7\*II
M7L(+G*M
6



M+U1+-_^F/+NEWO]%+.U3B#-\*4

.N-]]
2;MF-
MB*+9MY='.\JII[I86I.0-0_XC*-K+X N_=-1%0RO3'
KA3X
(2U/2 O J!@I






MS7G6
@9ATOM



!:YTU:&*S*.T@2T



M^=[P=E#3+.8@E*
KUQ1Y47@R9Q#/BH)EL2S'--;UAJR;/[Y9EC!GS64N9V44


M$H;AOAB&:U0)0]G-I.S:J1*&L@UE&YYM*-M0MN'9AK*W1D


M*G7G


NP6XEA]+V)N$D;FTFSUTK3/
M5N_









G8O3MMT^N3#8



M^.5676:Q+7M $3']
.WY'.=7EW;[JFV?7I:'#_9]. ;;&\:VP73S
6+=!@F+ GH Z/.3-_(2UC\F.'!7SN-C
MQ!X=^&R6AI-LUUZ,%T /\X0_
O;-#YZ=)SQN_LD=+\/@5NQ*+X!@)+)YS!A





M%\2)-4@3X

M?8OTA3C(TQCI
ULY3L.P-KBW!Z'Q%F'\7V'P:/T7_I'AOHB9P.W)OLMY0.&C
$!ZY^PUV#%N&*$^1^$%]R@ZCV.O)A97*&V0*.V/CE/Q1??H#
'

GL! #(+Y8$&O(HSL( C)
A5<PY8 &\&OKSJO


=-]ZP+'&A' GE;8LYX^7Y]NJ<%A]M










&+W;3C





MU#YA *J0;* P1?
)






MQLV!4=


X5K9\

U1%AVEG')*1#O3%6R9O1M7GZZP=WEF3C]E
MF$A0ZN8X#




$M;3' P:-H^&)5
.#$O:%DNR



MS7+R37I'V



M

8F^U$4I%XZ]UW8)D-


OMA8LBW0#0@'U9I_L5OLU(


+V1

%F;SS6/U.CK+6BIPY@9=[ GL4/ML0.*NL

).[]/]T
%4F 4QK#J1

;2G7[R5KDIFLX$5%MZW_A'S
FZI?

9


$.K-XT^L
S(^%K?F

M


3C:%TR$JR.0%S @V3'L90JBV5&T-I
M4/I=R_XR\
<0U/H&%BT)ANM:5R


Y8&9B+8K%
MV&)(-;P@L'K

MDZKSI)HR)3EX7KOG.+D^RJPS&J

1*
MQY:7Q.(IP3^FK#MN
Q

SBA
81LBE'?6YCF
(;+-)C5;7O.+F4S
N+X:_6

<35:!&6QG'%0%
M[U[VQ44.NSRC-0.@2HU5
TS$#( ZC 
W Z#
 @S ,JP$#, :H5C._$ W

M+_@$S H!E.4&0U0NC=#(!:\PC- *@])(G,G)\9 +4AX6$&0%4KDJX%J9@!
M48C_WS?\P)U/($&I:^:#+R:TOE)B._@@IB!D9 5!3%&$&0.U

M+HR@6(XYF@%0!)@9 %7EE

)+!N*-J8V68
M 5!F -3.8_EF %3=6C^8-N;[%F

MH%8SA
P J$T92V8 U&&(.F


MMPKJAAD M4OKS@R 6F#;F0%0^Q=I9@#4ELVYEVO/F0%0&8Y\
P#*#(JL
S
M;*7Z@9H!4&8 E!D 97A2O7A239F2&0!U\ .@EIKJ).=!I?'1H^.
W[U/8R]@




J%'_ T2%D)BDL





M T

6P
D@Q'5J+0

X%R(JGPE9FL




M\1%JV5(1?


Z='YR$0@-#1Q&+AE
C &+(KXMM5QT-E-Z-S[[&C.2\F1


M15[HO*&O^4$:I_4T5I^35BS!KGDHXJ9MM+DHK)%*KCE4B2
 QXAR^K%PP8+Z
M



MD'D2$B0]EKM

MP*;[C(TXI^WQ$/GL[?9B#5#;8A[))4'3RKM#GB MQ!/!J[@J+2 E'P
]BDHR

MT7

EUW_MP0'QUBX0WP9!+LUAF6T4K;OKH-K'&?HX35\L5DN/YE@^T





EW\_3


22B:0?)W5'S
<CO8IR5])G:V7\BXXSQT5/BR  @M@.#(3
M[+7CQ=:%: S

M1\ED#'N$;\-:K/]*?!J%N/-ADHS?O7W[]/1T_-R+_.














!CV?_UT

M0KE^H&$F^J@OJA\ @[ED7HL

M(
M5N@8] _GY+'/*_JB#?0&P][1
./66\.PIGF0'V($6G%7H62D+(M#RR1L.$


M93_K27SX.$2XNB*T.4EG($XY-!]C4&(9@@&!UX$Z!Q&HK6S%?!A@[2LRP


M?E5
07C


M'TU ;5Z9.9M9782@J)[)PM X8*$ 5^8?O@:\Q$Y@:&!Q@S%&WLHBK+_Z72
M7T%1'





CPI

MWRL(Z*1O+^&*



MKL8UOJ-^NA+45ID=K 2:12%RVT1
E'Q&].[N+SKI\/3\%
_E;L:84H+HTA]
MM=GQ2BR:TJV3;RJ$[Z_1Z&XN#G#M!HDZ86B,4?7TIC!OS(;H-H1D+)1Y-

)Q8/,7/#_&5G %+6C,(2JPII'H1\:9\_:+/)GA-)FB?
M3/#,I *[Y((C]41UM^0[T_9KVXFZ[3&9UK8AMN5V0RM&CKOFWRN&XJ\T2
MF9;V4.L)S  I87==
DFW$3!GC)3ZD0VE&1
E4F_

.DV.*9$DB(T%G1F8)1(
MOCGMI.O(*&DF94#JJLTX*%%\32Y*MYU?20I.ETM-CM;=L+ KKMX&I.RM20

[TN=U$7'N(6^JQ1@HS5IH]@;IS


MQ/NE_*!.CS[5)*2H^LJC=X^KCE[+^6:O/J\X(Z:T::9S(R#$D^K.+P.-V2

M9K1MZL^KJRL.'=;[NB%&.%8YAIG=S4TT/E4G:9K

MG$.TY#)#I3E];YNOV.E!2Y.16(++4&\&1@FIZU

M=7#3I)*6NH2^RNC^MTT7L'6\$VA=6FK_1@JS[Y5PN\[WW6[Q35FZY=
Z2V(S
M


M_[ M8 V[\R=*0-\6L:YNV]M#




](6L+_QI@D33XKXH83&GD8+%; =]D%,(L$JOG X_Y[@$-\27




&^

M'-[.?@9A#
=! (
I6-_B97J:7V--.U


E(X:U?V#NH8!^DTD5^2DV]-B_.8\Y#X7S)3VS*U'PL(%L-!
ME





GCJND3Z


M2AVFGRW%W76^@.V:Q=R6RUC
@3ML&3]3AK.^X=*??[$LW:@Q1:_K8SM.)Q


M;G/6&Y6 UM!G&QQC*V/7R.3?TC  6UCAG]!]IS W&UDB=!HP^[7+\\5\IW _

;1J&RO)]-H)VIM?QN RN-D&E#8.SP!9RGVYG
EL@L2)?

MU7XX$MJ]

P=E6^S)]V[9A
^X]\A?7

(E%

0*B9RAC3;NPNF*O1R:


@O

KZO=O]X17R'PJ&IS
TW/W


MQ=6EKJ;&6VG3T2O;;''6T7%-9XMUSEC

K!5+G#)2HY'? &9KI7'.)-V;NGK#;B=,^\B!(SQ
M@5\KZXL.;1USID@[JX_)Y22)RZOKM4U$#EG5%


OFG.'9'6'KV@'$


MR_7H^/IT
MD)BC+
XC#-
C@]N@M$(P.U7
ME
4Y_N7S9



-3IOO.-AMX*PXD]\F

M

M

-40

M=R%&=WD:$T_XX8\%Z4HJE#!J&TB)$1'8_!NP
M
?3L/B[CS-'[2[ T
XD(X7
M\WF(GRYG)XLBR5!1$*=RG=QFR8SH@KB8*
H7Q


T@
MT\HQV48Y-3=DB^A?]%._U


M.I#'R+-59*;Q;Y)=X4CI

M6!@N(8&9?!8&2DYE

Y8+@Q#
MK20TD1?#H
EH[.3(P*BIQ67P?!GJY04$AG-4&#H@N;5\%3KB-1D9S!&A84I)





MX*;A#4JKK_U2M^LUVW4'F%^^.2Y/0XR?2)ROCB*+!0&2]P5L=9]C' 4YCA%^
MO[



MS[

5242K#53%-#]!DZ)8


MSD2?Z9: #


T7C7ZI4V4N0=16KY8C95K@M78=3QT&:7M%AK_@V8
M.GA*)C7K%J[CCGU;]K6S36IESJ_;UXLLDOA6.Z@&()$N[V*6S.)%!*YKNP[L
D%GI3+9 (R1P';G@%A9*
MJY@ZV*U= =\T[%1^7L



M/&K7V:
!VXJ5]!Q


MFQ((-$)3F6++





;#=
M)_ZX.
=

MXX-E@F%-6^U+[U ;S:96SXSQ47(B7T43-$3&P

M;;ZW:]Y@C-%-UJ5)^P&;+FZ6M ??-S^9//&@+?Q4/L[8./NIJ(OO\6DX-S

OK&#(QF#BNK&;8D$=6UI!)PX1W=7'#CCA
E4
F!1/D!;4.
M&]!;)0P99:RM^ALP.S70&18!5ENB]H&8EA)18'$_HUB,V).172&02,=,

^LV8/8_=5&9N4UC6QAJD O(;-^N!;I12^\6
M+7/;V(8S#F]#D$=[M&3N<)_O#S5*@(U?WW?ET<=\$9@\0RWV*53WWX ;7-:




/F98E'[#K'FQZ*T&:-BV
:E!F+*UUKXQ#V)[
M/5'BWIRIO'@
H1IKHE
MM]?,]:QA<U-QY?7.*J+SQX)9!/=<L:MYQ.:V$9ZZ]FBP=\Z+(UJ[(%$\=YA



29Z]M







\.4PLJ9W8


FBA^\G@R[S%(5
/44EAZ[J\U5L
4B
P19#N
MDPQ6= ][G$$J!E

$%     @ $H4\31*#

3@P-C
P7V1E9BYX;6SM75ESW#B2?M^(



&BKHJ)<VNCV/G[\N)/_6C5E6KX^QF'UC/<[%9P%



6A\2=R-&9)A%A(ITC


D



O:898*]3#7N-:Q^@


3
86@!KNQ4QG= &(&T2L

5V+V[*HWA@'Y!'H0L14(U20HTY.E!W





];:9RU

IM6&K0RJS6=
4''N)9&XQWZ&6L%Z7KJY
M/ -QFBLU#.MTRZPB5#B&



M#&NMW EI!&XN(R_






P45U X




AP
ML5Y#&8<+=]_-R*-[/:]AA!
4)JS'6\ .?]^O@9B)A)=HS. 4G)A7P
J9R^V





M[V!OB


\M7#+5TE<KP1
M\GOM9TO]C29([B0TC&*Y/;U734P[!&T*@VW0S
SKRO7J97S
ESO!F=7D.J_
M$KW-LIE(^8TFQF^TX'1;+(#'[=GFA^&O[JM4O?4FQC=:Y.IEX'%[KZ7+N^\)


D[2G' [C3VG*\EIW]?351+




Z@T$






03IYSLTIF90)V,7G)<?QQ.VX,MNXE5E_*]'#!^D;+;F$H_RXAC!-
M2D)FZ8H.!MZ(^];94M896DWG.;#I$?!%(XA IA9
PYB'2O7E:HM:#05ZC))
M
N330[I9&+[=N($OW-+D-1\H
4K\!F 8;M6#&6_?F#I4R3T^1048\=9Q:^.A
M


.17



M:F6QD4;B2\*UDNKXHZ#WT/N#XP1]1?&4ORL+I=](^W#$X!JG%BNQ





MKI?/?4(C



MHK+76E#P/$LISGGB=IQOZ 4TA?#H[+4 '#[/!GUSGK3&W$IAFA-CYZA;*Q=[
M;=E7&%&

MX


7BX41%.A
M?GG-C1?\ NA7B)6GW]ZUO7CZ1=&;&TW_F;FO070W#^(@/4?/*
1S:5^&D!J_
_O))L2UO0M=#)Y%_


MK/;X!A$0;:19-*H#C88C+10Y&TG X.R?.G19

M3[-.%S[(]816V+T(\8LXW9



M_OE_?MDEZ!7G19RE?_KJ^V^_^PKA-

M\;OO?OR._%^M_L])G'[ZF?[/4U!@1/HB+7[^4L1_^FK0NL\_?IOES^]_^.Z[

1?M5K4BDCO^Y]^^ND]^[85Y22_/.5)^QL_OF_A

^GQB/[0








M=%

XP&Y13KO4ZS.N\BU/4J &CW -.

7E8?B-(AZR
AWG.2VE8YP*N22;&* 0T*-)<01@AK2HQ6)CK(L'^+DL?RRS\I2&
M0,XE-Z0PA_3@A, P1(9,L5$Y! 3A





57F.TUT4L!_[2IO402J







$U\;__6U#(ZSJ33
M









\9-6R:

\Q19&6]
[$

MDW/+# G

T'&KXB.83=)\QHQN1[5YTMA-5V]NA+$)TM0L35

QXAP


G90R30#2

2#.0]$
9#JJ8
)T80+I


-%P-YMW&
!O8XDI$(@Z04))-$.5

8*&IE/3+B<1<DR655



M2 (
B82PN.0&)@2)LTDSX@1G*Q[8DC@\OR8 *CB1B=+
TA 
2:JZ!X6:01


(C35ITCWI&==K(A




4:O&1)A/.CJ3E01

M4%$P%9 IY2\G:UN%S=KC:K

M6[M)KPB#4^W*ZGUPH$N@9@O@4V$?*]YBP*(E[K$D& XIX8EW4_:U*$SJM&OS
MY..\PA'_BI@]!P
S'NEFW$@%$;4VH%+4%+CP5K%]6: X14'T&I'?H$:B1(

M
HS=!WG.1D D(_O

MW6#RF@3)K]D.TRLD+X/TTZ)VT1JNF2BZ))QY0X:LTVN!H9XQUG_J1ZRO(\
M^QRGST!X9^S3?#LR
^_EV65I%^6
W!O<&5MVLU]G8
M^:U&X6_9?F-YDH/$)\AQ[T^H*=/9.3&WEX:)08ZOQO+@&+!)B0(B@
]C%Q







MIDB6WV1J8

-#R1

M





^.GYIZBP_!RLMXOP-E:R3

MV@G)1


MSB#?6R&=M!(=D6KR29A

M1PB+2SWJ4UF9&) \U@[6;9QBMO^@:^1 T L[.*!AG12\%@RA:9@A5%3%9)
ME[.FEG:G 3[@W9-X\YL3^N

MI[0.5RO_'GV=D#F\K_?F/J#E=N7=

7HM/L$IDN4Y]S1UJXSB[O!)4\
MO$XQ0FM:+4JY+'K6.!9X.22WW4XFR7$6D9 W+U5=?^*V\;/XA%:=AS$E8^F9



WT;<PV.
M)K'1630C@G]_[5S\?KRCQ[6SI=IY&#E_
9<ZLMS-NU332]9+R9-(<

?/9$0J0/88A;Y;!5()7
M!L19.\22R02)JY)D$%,U200%3A+X3= V/IO
L22]CG*!&X1R$'?:[PG+8G9

!2\3['-./B
M&F]QGN.H*=Q+(A%V[F11%+@T]X)FQOS2U:;!:@*;6()/:8M6+1K(C+X@+M




M


?^;E/(PV7#M


M&_F4KJT!=OXW&'O
?6/K NVI-;:RA5M[

[Q'TX 5ZPL]Q2F_S:&]!UA4)?[L=[!TDAUPBV[%
M-
''K$
=ED&H]ON$':$/DO;4_2K=9OF.G632540PU79:'
&N2:
Z6:J8&:)
M=GBYZ@D#;13%19AD195C2E+&WBVKI1#W]F!0MMW*H94/250H30N92+G-TA%

ZYL67A=KL




M+1]AO
:T6'):IQY?T5JZQ


LHK;2='?'H%53

MAF YRBUO;VE



:T?
M .U/=(4 M7L1 DFWJ[A2J.
%6TX



G$
-L:Q[.*\QMLN P@ZTI
*P^#K]X%DXB





MF6G:#-R.:E *25UE.YHZ$C0%4AYP22;4X_-9NAP+&PM.=[CMFS;:XS97!T-)



$])$$

8M4&H!890!SRC)ZS'W!
MRLBQ

P3*1WU

@0UQGX^+*QK5 4G3)?.S75RRLS]T-3]CI4AQ&L8&Q\%F

%I=-DE9BH%MR=K


AU[$
M0Z?UDE(5C-
56UAE_BJ ZBJL0!

5H[_YEHZP&<PK+;59V3

MYL*W!QQFSVEL/CX;Z'FXI$_?#
'M?'(E



M#WTR)WE%'\E
/M[&(5U][YM
FT?/XFEOLSG:I+L2SZ=I?%_Y^3A[WKE^PD9P


MFL)!LSGH.X*+

M_ !ME5(-4Y;%]I=:#HBONHZ+X/DYQ\_-(:$&)?/7V@L[S'2=7M]ATYS191XF



O8'9\Q4SX[E1YQ
M0L2?201*!I

X

JQ3$XW=+L*\OQ _3J[


Q)CX[C4F_<PW[QJLG&^;V +JIV8W03S?VM4EOGLI?D@
\

00M%+W&3[;;
M

/G);)KI/A]
;
!\-6P JY9!.[+









\ES


M3TUI]?90KZ@=*FEG7-!#[A@A%X7!RV^*3L:!?1$-/J]IZK15C
0]TFJFD#
)!X0=U-X+7&N%7?R
M/@;/9HHZ\.)@+NU=!&P?N%\^V
GA1!XF8_K0R9^110CIW6%S8TM1PE_F8J

^E3T/R

M^Q5/LQQI(^ZPL.]5\O .[!BAM?1\Y[N?97H5AVC@5 FZ[]50/LP70%A2%:


WIO@5)]%-EM/CH/5]%JJGH=9SZ4N-F\$14*4$DH(&
M@+4D/--T<8K/;/7!1,O9!-*\=U









MY+O48DEXV]


M.P\
P'$GUVIINOL1U/+G)4+1X6(C7Y 4[7YM.Q'3
;:+FK
WOQ)IG!P9GCP//EY%GUM [
M%)1M;4GR3WK7 &(VZ[MYMJU5,O'MS ()$?%3J9EL#7<'E+AH(V/J'1?NPW9

M B$8?D6!C-L=[D114/P




[1CT%#)-X7X
M!AAZ,PB%_ZQ@FM'';[!8Q!&N:Y7<9/EE5<0I+@I-9NW1)GU3T+;QIN&CSM[;
M\8'&;5%S/CHK*@WQ4C_U!ASD<JK2Y.R'X+F[[I;]U\XW 3U LP.^1T2WV/
M_G_0IF*=BC/8;=1]$UO5*


M





M/N// 3K_[J*5_+W
V38NT1

0I

 L9VU!?6ES_0YQM[3*'XEF
MTJQ$O2W0'9S@S_
P[R06QG]]S$%@!P6-4T PZ+U*%S6(%YRN&OUZ\X_^9]
M14B?O]OGV6O





LY9*B!MFRR
/85A



;CWHE_F
[0#D+=_

MX%81=8TEOXI/0^J!)9BTYIHZC]B=F3=([2EV


MW'
;V@'(;+Z9
WC=&WEKK.:0BSG]%@E\W(
!2=8C* KK6G([T

M7:V%$FH)[1OE
RU5CW$O\IS 
CT@;J[K;

Q+40^



M)0^M+HL!5G/6.0N:IVA)\*6/G.5*_OW8M %Z+]9J /=A$YCF7 (03Q\3MP J



?+
PSV G

P'/X.RYIP

MGL%%W]



MN_QZP^3/;R_0;1E]B_Y2_\B_G2N:38(0+]+HFM!YO:6IN?D^JR_6$(9-*G%W

M2+HKA::FA?_$PD!8

M9
R45X^QLN RU)G1M&&H8Z'NG8/S
?


X'QG]*[7@O[<YQHW&M2*3#L
)3C;'=JASHJ


MBW

^H@FCGL HGABGD7O#OJDS9B^#.1%J?;]

3N2W


MXF/X@J

MKA([QYNO[&!P?F'ZW 37V:KD8)-@#%+QGM
.[BK]DPX
A]-XQ$9ITO%!]$IS
M UF79?2F=)7$&*4+T%)^_R5J!

M*:[O%R4&!ZS*NFMYPD.8D( QWJ(D2Y^!S.7$E7HUHK)PN$\*5?PESU._+R

+H
MX\E@OVR]98^U+HS

M-G143._

&\RF\# Y

M^XZNI3UG91S4E\JQSQ]8JX.M'=$J8ZT2KH5LR?Q?3U*?\UMKBX(


M?OGSC)^0*PD_!


MH\F(BXA

M='_YDS/2Q=-;M36=8]:
M'%;7&&'57

M
?^:!D/UU:C& ;Y4!U97F0

MC=\LU%
RQ4N?7^4XBEF=!
D).[D4K)Y30=2L$(5





MT(G6 ^@.WV##CZVMT=W8HMKODQCGOI
F:Q)=5WB3M?D^QOOM6EU8O68/W&R'


MH?NSCK%5QMX$8VQ:(AK8T_%J5W$RZH#S
^JT$6/--\$**6RYW^CN91AYD&!X







MCK9J@&'73Y:


^Y\8


MO
URZT-GMN87*HM$0'46S)DTKL1J. %6GYI,PR:BDJLY&(K= %A.C*8=[.K
M9;[@@F*7+X

M+[6%F#%?68_MIN[!H!=ELH Z3@N1?[4:!9!]T[@'H[X1RX+J&PU$N=L#V#F#

MT/UK\O_T#D#Q9-?:#*#7Y1CT_ 29V:JW#EIKZ#
QAUI[PZBO-4E?/5])R/5E


EP;@) ?SQM)^]N@Z!HVI.

*\ML[%.7BU]Q$MUD
M.;WWNR[M(8H_M$J  @MSK%QQ+ZHY2.LN$-5]M\WR=_26\PM4ZX
XKS].9%8D




MNABP3?^.+/C.]R'3&B(=)_76'_E@^07O]J4\V\1
$U!(:@EXVI/+[1;3S%.




MY

M[4?D?YY(Y$
^^;]02P

M]*

M_;L?GI=4ZG



?H(<DNE




0P=%Y!=+#!TB&]8)OZ!
F
MJYAV(^IH D:)H.DX

M@8QF7

MTR;;KTVS;S





TY]9132PCL&6 &4T24@,94$DTH%]$

ME/XPT@)[@&;@\5RP?Z!*:=#:P(8QFS.K0.@!B7

M@
4$N6
&D6
9S2$SR8#B]F*FTF-#4$J)^?6Q3_07#1(*$HI#%%:
F#X#;RK2
M7S

?AU[!PJOS*6O9(^2H%NQ*YPZG.SV6^^JF0]N4\S

M[Y3^


MUDH(@%#\[!(4  M8'08WB. D5$Y*DJ9 -'YQ0VEUE9Q*;)0JY+^KM4C86@


PY7GKY9^?ZFZ'TH
MRM+J-^UN6/[Z:^T4]!+'59




M5]B-T02IXBZ:Z514U@XZH99OSWG00O;VP:K/SGL%H4M2



?)8AC&.

WR&6G?_INFXGU/_4#]X[#A%D&7A6I+3-J#/_


OW\?





M







AH%VSN!=WO=R[G%7WNXKO\OL4A]@7/OW-=R2#
M6#KCF4MQ&ZZC2^=7I2;I3I


ZK0Y]C@@+*8Y'4HCN2L6S&PAE773EV^YC%

MX[!
)[I


MP@7





3Y3LZA7=* 0X0@U5%\EHXWR:
MK]D^XANMATT)AAM3R#FBX 280T-_CA#'* Y/UFSG^G=?$D$KR6'4MD\.)T6Q

MZG'DLJ#4[I'R-$69T4P!XV?[X'2;F-BR)?8D5K/W^('_::79KTM@]G)YQ?

C;IB^Q7E17[=B$A


;?8W
NC2C1F
81TI.

MXB;.=



M3#I:;S&WW MU$LN7
4=Q$I6\H'UG^FLM@[.X #9S8S6Y19MR5F39\@G)%HBL
MS]&] EH%13!R0*7 ^!HU]S1V.7%+@T6XTQS T2LYSO'.:6F_O2P+WC.&3_

/ .86@=-W8


MXR4.6)RSR
'A]0$B'-0W*8T+E1^\-][^N25VN[+@RVY05IP]/PZ]&F]OS]S;



**?%
 

M;/$Q7RRQ8L3Q.JI XE%+WBI-K!H]-8GUU+9&CHE9N]DRAL9Q8
1(C_;K.[?&








MY)Z;CL[R(!





MTK+:# WJ4;


$V+N9%PFQ@ 
=G5W )BGZ
MC

M6C/
+./ L&('!8MD7Y8$A:*29.+QUDFM8

A*UPIAC1Z@Y
(\;EPY1EQ-YWRY#T*R/F_6OU



\8?E/C#!VQ



0?[0 ]7UJ5NL$M^

MUFU$5310X-R)-.DMX 92-SD)'J@W4%L@=$ I2* XN1
3TNKO!DR*C$&#8Q4X





3




Y



M.\L&T O;4Q[

\.RF2






W^#

N
M8#X
]0U#5#JFS2SFUI$8NZ&%J8^P\:.ZZ%7=$Z.Z

M)#L?P
-N8CX #5DF/M@^#@P2XSJRI7KB$=1)T.]=3KG\C-UZRJ408Q=4[K!U



@U]




M'OFH[LG.6J1A^D$]R
 .^(+!V)5:0T_6ZWRUZ('92W\/I$K*F2BLW7OH7U
M/
LA[\&V%75CDJV-'
593[V1[:C%
!0$^CIWMC/V1''Q'$0Y.W8\25.ZAO 5


M^FN6WZ%.//^:D*KSI/+L!U&[.5A=(OHDZ7D@@W_QU^AZV9!)FHA'VRN:V\^5




MH;9
G4D-77V




M]0E


M'!B6U^PXQPY;7FO@S0.GUQIXKS7P1LF22-:;/*.[YCB$5E3CR0=:
MNAFQZ5


MP&


6Z]9\^T\TBP7ZD.&Z0-+=\R@! I%




MOL3LDK96#S$
#)AH-7'F .

M5A-]^H
C5-8-'-K+DN:$JM'2VKYW&!HRE=T I*E


M1DG@'&ROI*-V 5VPY&7

MPSEUK\^0 95Q(__M]1DR







M\UI0;_RZ^1)JB[B1?%B*296B]HD6_C




MY0+TY69YEE

MTZZD.T42-[6=
PH?
BI5W1@/=P]T++


\HO(HS1*U

16?=69E
M6+SSD@+GYI5

[/NZ\W)K5W#PG5=_


MUY

61)3KS^E&%TO?X^QZ@E%0S:VO75P



8@;N GVGD4N574+

M#5^KU2P.U%U IG6VFW C\8G1J!?4R:P60YX




QVC%2H+;3VJ5

MC-;1P%79R#%PF^L0 


M

O4
-



MR@C.]K


V









64RDX=A^MG&C4D9(KN)

MKW


MI[_Z^@FM_.@BIG.++&63MNHTFH.I17*/D71I;.) &EV)6W2;&'9N*[=2S;



M_2GN?Z/PKPHA(&874U@[NX5;6Z7J1$8^1?BON



M2V9G&=A7
S:P8O?YN3%:59B?!WW*<XMK;:72VO5[^.6'GC-6$7+0B^T$G
M[V.F_*QZD"XDE'T[& _T[L! OTOZ$_[Q3ME[AH*KPEWV^XC]5G6TVZL#Q0
M/



M!;7--S

697&L? 1DY#^1?V

M    @ $     ;W)N8RTR
#$X
#8S
YX;6Q02P$% 

M2P$% ,4      2A3Q-7#W/
7P3  60$ %0              @ $ERP
M;W)N8RTR
#$X
#8S

MD)T! !4              ( !U-X  &]R;F
M
C Q.# V
S!?9&5F+GAM;%!+




