

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-19-017166
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		111
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20190630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20190904
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20190903
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ORANCO INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001098996
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				870574491
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-28181
		FILM NUMBER:		191072915
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE LIBERTY PLAZA
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2310 PMB# 21
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10006
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-759-3614
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE LIBERTY PLAZA
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2310 PMB# 21
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10006









     






UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K

&thorn;
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30
 2019

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the transition period from ___________ to ___________

COMMISSION
FILE NO.&nbsp;000-28181

ORANCO
INC.
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)


(State
or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization)


IRS
Employer Identification Number

One
Liberty Plaza
 Suite 2310 PMB# 21
New
York
 NY 10006
Tel.
(646) 759-3614
(Address
and telephone number of principal executive offices)

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None



12(b) of the Act:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes
&#9744; No 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes&nbsp;&#9744;&nbsp; No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for shorter period that the registrant as required to file such reports)
 and (2)
&nbsp;&nbsp;No
&#9744;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect; 232.405 of this chapter) during the
&nbsp;&nbsp;No
&#9744;

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K(&sect; 229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.&#9744;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 or a non-accelerated filer. See definition
of &ldquo;accelerated filer and large accelerated filer&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



Large
    accelerated filer&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9744;
Accelerated
    filer&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9744;

Non-accelerated
filer&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9744;
Smaller
    reporting company&nbsp;&nbsp;

    
Emerging
growth company&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9744;


If
an emerging growth company
 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period
for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.
&#9744;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act) Yes &#9744;&nbsp;&nbsp;No 

The
aggregate market value of the voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the last business day of the
registrant&rsquo;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was approximately $59
896
802.

As
of September 3
 2019
 there were 41
948
748 shares of the registrant&rsquo;s common stock issued and outstanding.





    
    


TABLE
OF CONTENTS



    
    
    

ITEM
    1
    
    

ITEM
    1A
Risk
    Factors
    

ITEM
    1B
Unresolved
    Staff Comments
    

ITEM
    2
    
    

ITEM
    3
Legal
    Proceedings
    

ITEM
    4
Mine
    Safety Disclosures
    

    
PART
    II
    

ITEM
    5
Market
    for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

ITEM
    6
Selected
    Financial Data
    

ITEM
    7
Management&rsquo;s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
    

ITEM
    7A
Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
    

ITEM
    8
Financial
    Statements and Supplementary Data
    

ITEM
    9
Changes
    in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
    

ITEM
    9A
Controls
    and Procedures
    

ITEM
    9B
Other
    Information
    

    
PART
    III
    

ITEM
    10
Directors
    Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

ITEM
    11
Executive
    Compensation
    

ITEM
    12
Security
    Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
    

ITEM
    13
Certain
    Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

ITEM
    14
Principal
    Accounting Fees and Services
    

    
PART
    IV
    

ITEM
    15
Exhibits
    Financial Statement Schedules
    

ITEM
    16
Form
    10-K Summary
    




    
    


FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933
as amended (the &ldquo;Securities Act&rdquo;) and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange
Act&rdquo;). These forward-looking statements are not historical facts but rather are based on current expectations
 estimates
and projections. We may use words such as &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo;
&ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;foresee
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate&rdquo; and variations of these words and similar expressions to
identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks
uncertainties and other factors
 some of which are beyond our control
 are difficult to predict and could cause actual results
to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted. These risks and uncertainties include the following:



    
    
The
    availability and adequacy of working capital to meet our requirements;




    
    
Actions
    taken or omitted to be taken by legislative
 regulatory
 judicial and other governmental authorities;




    
    
Changes
    in our business strategy or development plans;




    
    
The
    availability of additional capital to support capital improvements and development;




    
    
Other
    risks identified in this report and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission or the SEC; and




    
    
The
    availability of new business opportunities.


This
Annual Report on Form 10-K should be read completely and with the understanding that actual future results may be materially different
from what we expect. The forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are made as of the date of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K and should be evaluated with consideration of any changes occurring after the date of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. We will not update forward-looking statements even though our situation may change in the future and we assume no
obligation to update any forward-looking statements
 whether as a result of new information
 future events or otherwise.

Use
of Term

Except
as otherwise indicated by the context hereof
 references in this report to &ldquo;Company
&rdquo; &ldquo;ORNC
&rdquo; &ldquo;we
&rdquo;
&ldquo;us&rdquo; and &ldquo;our&rdquo; are references to Oranco
 Inc. All references to &ldquo;USD&rdquo; or United States Dollars
refer to the legal currency of the United States of America.


    
    



PART
I

ITEM
1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS

Company
Background

We
are engaged in marketing self-owned brand and wholesaling of spirits and wines in China through our operating subsidiary
Fenyang Huanxin Wine Industry Development Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Huaxin&rdquo;) and Fujian Jin&rsquo;ou
Trading Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Jin&rsquo;ou&rdquo;). We maintain our principal executive offices at One Liberty Plaza
 Suite 2310
PMB# 21
 New York
 NY 10006
 United States. Our telephone number is (646) 759-3614.



We
run a growing alcohol marketing self-owned brand and wholesale business guided by a core purpose: to promote premium alcoholic
beverages to China&rsquo;s population. We currently focus our business on the sale of Chinese Fenjiu liquor and imported wines.
We aim to achieve this purpose by catering to the ever-evolving customer tastes in alcohols through our creative marketing strategies
and innovative product designs that target different age groups of China&rsquo;s population. To that end
 we have hired marketing
talents who have decades of experience in effective alcohol brand building. As a result
 we believe we have managed to respond
to the demand for Chinese Fenjiu liquor and imported wines in the Chinese marketplace.



    
    


We
believe that Fenjiu liquor presents great business opportunities for us to utilize creative product designs and marketing strategies
to attract Chinese consumers. Collaborating with Fenjiu Group
 the sole producer of Fenjiu liquor in China
 we have been focusing
on product design to convey a modern feel to our Fenjiu products while maintaining Fenjiu liquor&rsquo;s historical elegance.
We believe our designer packaging
 symbolized by its bright coloring and prominently fat-bellied jars
 stands out from those of
our competitors. With creative designs and stylized names
 our registered trademarks
 such as Dagangjiu (translated as &ldquo;Big
Jar Liquor&rdquo;)
 are effective in capturing the attention of Chinese consumers
 young and old.

Established
in October 2016
 we believe our imported wine distribution business has high growth potential as evidenced from the market prices
of the imported wines from Spain and New Zealand
 the two countries where we import most of our wine products from
 in the current
Chinese market. A great majority of our competitors have priced their 750mL bottles of wine imported from Spain and New Zealand
well above RMB 200. This price falls within the premium range in the general Chinese wine market. Within the general Chinese wine
market
 the premium range enjoyed the highest year-on-year growth compared to other price tiers of wine in 2018. This pricing
trend for premium wines is applicable to imported wines from Spain and New Zealand
 which we believe will benefit our growth in
2019. Accordingly
 our strategy is to continue pricing our imported wine products within the premium range levels to generate
higher margins. Though marketing and branding are still integral parts of the wine business in China
 wine sales are highly driven
by the origin of the wines. Since Spain and New Zealand are considered prime origins for wine productions
 we believe that our
imported wine products will continue to attract the attention of Chinese consumers and promote the sustainable growth of our imported
wine business.

We
believe that effective marketing strategies and creative product designs are two major contributing factors to our success. To
improve and maintain the effectiveness of our marketing strategies
 we have established integrated and collaborative processes
to drive coordinated operations across our marketing efforts and sales. Our marketing strategies enable us to promote multiple
sales concepts across two major alcohol categories
 effectively attracting different age and cultural groups of the Chinese population.
Our marketing plans are tailored to meet the evolving taste and demands of Chinese consumers. As a result
 we believe that the
Company&rsquo;s innovative and highly-customized designs draw considerable public attention
 which in turns is a contributing
factor to the volume of our sales.

For
the fiscal year ended June 30
 2019
 we generated revenue of approximately 97% from Fenjiu liquor wholesale and
approximately 3% from imported wine wholesale. For the year ended June 30
 2018
 we generated revenue of approximately 84.9%
from Fenjiu liquor wholesale and approximately 15.1% from imported wine wholesale. We have not experienced any seasonality in
our business.&nbsp;

Industry
Overview

Chinese
Fenjiu Liquor Market

We
believe that the long-term demand for Chinese hard liquor
 especially Fenjiu liquor
 will continue to grow in China. The overall
business environment has been optimistic
 due to the continuous economic growth evidenced by the significant growth of Chinese
nominal gross domestic product (&ldquo;GDP&rdquo;). This has led to an ever-increasing growth in China&rsquo;s per capita expenditures
on food
 tobacco
 and alcoholic beverages
 indicating increased consumers&rsquo; disposable income and willingness to spend money
on alcoholic beverages in general. According to the National Bureau of Statistics of China
 the sales volumes of Chinese liquor
in China has remained relatively flat between 2012 and 2016. Given the increasing purchasing power and improving living standards
the sales volume of Chinese liquor increased from 11
267.0 million liters in 2012 to 13
057.1 million liters in 2016
 with a compound
annual growth rate (&ldquo;CAGR&rdquo;) of 3.8%. Overall
 we believe consumers are increasingly interested in drinking better
quality liquor. We expect that with the Chinese consumers&rsquo; increasing purchasing power the consumption of Chinese liquor
will shift to higher quality products and therefore the Chinese liquor market is expected to experience growth in the near future.
According to the China Insights Consultancy (&ldquo;CIC&rdquo;) report
 there are approximately 1
578 Chinese liquor producers
in China with annual revenue above RMB 20 million in 2016. These producers are mainly located in the southwest
 northeast and
central China. Given the Chinese government&rsquo;s implementation of policies designed to control and limit spending on &ldquo;the
three public consumptions&rdquo;
 namely overseas travel
 receptions
 and official cars
 the high-end Chinese liquor market in
China has undergone extensive restructuring since 2012.



    
    


Chinese
government officials had a long history of using high-end liquors at reception events. However
 in 2012
 the Chinese governments
implemented policies designed to control and limit spending on &ldquo;the three public consumptions&rdquo;
 namely overseas travel
receptions
 and use of government vehicles. Ripples of this anti-corruption campaign are felt beyond the high-end liquor industry
in sectors that heavily rely on China&rsquo;s gifting culture and the lavish lifestyle of the privileged for growth. This extensive
restructuring of Chinese liquor market caused by the anti-corruption campaign from Chinese government lasted for several years.
As a result
 the overall spending on high-end liquor market in China was limited and the sales volumes of Chinese high-end liquor
has remained relatively flat until 2016. Nowadays
 the structure of Chinese liquor market is stable again and has a steady growth
supported by constant economic growth in China. Chinese consumers are expected to spend more on purchasing high-end liquors led
by their increasing purchasing power.

Fenjiu
Group and its subsidiaries are the sole suppliers of Fenjiu liquor in China. Fenjiu liquor has a relatively long history and is
one of the world-famous Chinese liquor brands. Due to the Chinese government&rsquo;s implementation of policies meant to control
and limit spending on &ldquo;the three public consumptions&rdquo;
 sales revenue in the Fenjiu liquor market have followed a downward
trend since 2012. However
 with increasing per capita incomes and rising demand for mid-to-high-range products
 the Fenjiu liquor
market started to rebound in 2015
 the market has expanded in terms of sales revenue to reach RMB5
117.9 million in 2016. Shanxi
Province is the main market of Fenjiu liquor. Approximately 55% of Fenjiu liquor sales revenue was achieved in Shanxi in 2016.
It is expected that the sales revenue of Fenjiu liquor will reach a further RMB10
532.0 million in China by 2022
 increasing at
a CAGR of 12.8% between 2016 and 2022.

According
to the CIC report
 at the end of 2016
 the total number of Fenjiu liquor distributors reached 987 in China. The Fenjiu liquor
distribution market is highly competitive with no single distributor occupying a major share of the market.

There
are relatively high entry barriers for new competitors in the Fenjiu liquor distribution market. First
 it is important for new
entrants to get an authorization from Fenjiu Group
 which is the sole provider of Fenjiu liquor products in China
 to distribute
Fenjiu Group&rsquo;s products. Fenjiu Group started placing stricter requirements on its distributors
 including
 for example
new sales target
 proven experience in the industry
 past cooperation with Fenjiu Group. Thus
 it has become increasingly difficult
for new players to enter the market. Fenjiu liquor enjoys widespread popularity in and around Shanxi Province
 with markets in
other parts of China being significantly smaller. It is therefore important for new entrants to have a pre-existing distribution
network in certain regions of China in order to be successful. It remains risky for new entrants to enter into new areas where
Fenjiu liquor is not yet fully established and where the distribution market is already saturated. Distributors range from mom-and-pop
stores in Shanxi Province to larger companies with years of experience in the Fenjiu liquor industry
 each competing for a fair
share of the market. Intense competition arises between distributors within the same region
 selling the same or different Fenjiu
brands. Fenjiu liquor includes a variety of products
 differing in terms of ABV
 vintage
 recipe
 etc. Although there are no dominant
varieties in the market
 some are preferred by end consumers more than others. However
 almost all of these popular varieties
have already been taken up by exclusive distributors. Thus
 new entrants might find it difficult to source popular products directly
from Fenjiu Group or will be left to source them from existing distributors
 which entails lower profit margins.&nbsp;



    
    


Chinese
Wine Market

According
to the International Organization of Vine and Wine
 or OIV
 the per capita wine consumption in China is much lower than the US
average level between 2012 and 2016. After the reduction of &ldquo;three public consumptions&rdquo; in 2013
 China&rsquo;s per
capita consumption showed a further decrease. However
 the consumption pattern has changed and the wine consumption has grown
into a mass consumption accompanied by a decrease in wine price. Compared with the world average consumption
 China&rsquo;s per
capita wine consumption has been around one-third of the world&rsquo;s average since 2010. The relatively low per capita wine
consumption in China indicates great growth potential for China&rsquo;s wine market in the future.

According
to the CIC report
 Chinese consumers should
 between 2017 and 2022
 develop the habit of drinking wine rather than other alcoholic
beverages
 wine consumption is considered a healthier option. In addition
 the development of O2O platforms selling wine will
most certainly facilitate the purchase of wine in China.

There
are three market drivers for China&rsquo;s wine market. Firstly
 China&rsquo;s per capita disposable income has been increasing
rapidly mainly due to increasing wages. Rising disposable income translates into increasing purchasing power for Chinese people;
it also means that Chinese people tend to focus more on their quality of life. As wine is considered in China as a premium product
with some beneficial health effect
 we believe that increasing purchasing power will stimulate the further growth of wine consumption.
In addition
 the characteristics associated with drinking wine
 such as beautification and antioxidation
 play an important role
in contributing to its consumption
 especially for female customers. Secondly
 China&rsquo;s urbanization rate has been improving
greatly during the past decades and the Chinese government sets up the goal that the urbanization rate of China is set to reach
60% by 2020. With the further improvement of the urbanization rate in China
 the retail sales market is experiencing a rapid growth
in urban regions in China. Thirdly
 there are favorable national and international policies for imported wine. According to bilateral
trade agreements signed by the PRC government with New Zealand
 Chile and Australia
 imported goods from the three countries will
benefit from low tariff rates
 effective from 2019. According to those agreements
 by 2019
 these tariffs will be totally eliminated.
This favorable policy should reduce the wine retailing price and hence contribute to a growth in sales.

Our
Strengths

Although
we operate in a highly competitive industry
 we believe that the following factors provide us with the competitive advantages
in the marketplace that could differentiate us from our potential competitors:

Our
Company has a high brand recognition in the Chinese Fenjiu liquor market

Our
Fenjiu liquor is sold under the &ldquo;Dagangjiu&rdquo; brand and is one of the Chinese Fenjiu liquor market&rsquo;s most popular
brands. We have leveraged our business relationship with Fenjiu Group and relied on Fenjiu Group&rsquo;s international fame to
become one of the leading brands in international alcohol festivals. We believe that our brand&rsquo;s strong recognition reinforces
our existing customer goodwill in Shanxi province and beyond
 providing us with a competitive advantage.

Our
Marketing Team&rsquo;s Extensive Experience and Superior Reputation in our Industry

We
believe that our competitors&rsquo; marketing team cannot match our marketing experts&rsquo; extensive industry experience and
their superior reputation. To some degree
 our commercial campaigns are well accepted by consumer trends and resonate with potential
liquor distribution partners.

Additionally
we believe our marketing expertise and design proficiency required to successfully attract new customers combined with our ability
to generate a range of business concepts and capability to customize each sales opportunity according to customers&rsquo; need
are advantages when competing in the Chinese Fenjiu market. Our expertise also allows us to successfully manage the numerous regional
and cultural complexities involved in operating a traditional liquor business in China.

A
Flexible Business Model

Our
current business model is flexible. It can be adjusted to different products we sell and producers we sign cooperative agreements
with. While operating a mix of marketing campaigns and business concepts under our own registered trademarks &ldquo;Dagangjiu&rdquo;
and &ldquo;Dagang Jiufang&rdquo;
 we entrust our liquor inventory to reputed large-scale producers. Currently
 we are in a strategic
partnership with Fenjiu Group.



    
    


Our
current business strategy emphasizes on the marketing
 packaging and distribution of Fenjiu liquor and imported wines. However
should we decide to change our business strategy catering to other popular liquor products such as Luzhou-flavor liquor and Maotai-flavor
liquor
 we can quickly adjust our marketing strategy and product packaging to meet customers&rsquo; evolving needs and preferences.
Since our brand is well recognized and our current business model is based on flexible dealership
 we can adjust our strategic
partnerships to address new product preferences while maintaining our accumulated goodwill. This approach enables us to update
marketing concepts and product mix at any time and allows us to be flexible in our marketing approach.

This
flexible business model has contributed to the resilience of our business performance.

Service-driven
and Cohesive Management Team

Our
talented and dedicated senior management team has guided our organization through its expansion and
 we believe
 positioned us
for continued growth. Additionally
 our management team possesses extensive experience across a broad range of disciplines
 including
Chinese liquor marketing
 sales
 E-Commerce
 finance
 franchising and business management. Our management team embraces our core
purpose to &ldquo;promote premium alcoholic beverages to the Chinese population of all ages&rdquo;. They are the promotors of
our passionate and customer-oriented business culture
 which is shared by our employees throughout our company. We believe our
management team is service-driven and cohesive
 focusing on the Company&rsquo;s long-term business growth.

Our
Business Ecosystem&nbsp;

We
help connect a large number of business partners and distributors through our vast alcoholic beverage business network
 creating
business value for all participants in the ecosystem. The diagrams below illustrate the interactions amongst key participants
in the&nbsp;ecosystem:



For
our imported wine wholesale business
 we serve as the exclusive distributor and we are authorized to customize and rebrand alcoholic
beverages produced by upstream manufacturers.

For our Fenjiu Liquor Wholesale and marketer business
 we serve as a distributor and we are authorized to customize and rebrand alcoholic beverages
produced by upstream manufacturers.



We
are a diligent promoter of our own branded alcoholic beverages. We believe our unique brand names are crucial to our market success.
We cherish our relationship with our highly experienced and qualified distributors
 who are our key business partners who bring
our brand named products to Chinese markets. We have adopted a business policy very favorable to these distributors to encourage
them in reaching more customers in undeveloped markets with our own brand named products. For new qualified distributors
 our
sales department will help them develop sales strategies and explore potential sales opportunities. In addition
 we hold free
tasting sessions for distributors&rsquo; customers and explore investment opportunities to help our distributors achieve profitability
as soon as possible.






    
    


Our
own brand name series products:



    
        
Dagangjiu
Series (translated as &ldquo;Big Jar Liquor series &rdquo;) Products
        
Our
        customers choose our Dagangjiu series products for various purposes
 such as personal enjoyment
 gifts for loved ones
        and premium alcohol for special occasions and festivities. We believe that our Dagangjiu series products enjoy consider
        goodwill in Shanxi province and beyond.




    
                                                                                
New
Zealand Imported Wine Series
        
Our
        upstream business partners specializing in wine production are located at maritime and cool climate regions in New Zealand
        which is famous for its Marlborough Sauvignon Blanc and Pinot Noir.
        
Our
        Waipara Springs series products and Bascand Estate series products are easy-drinking
 medium-bodied Pinot Noir wines with
        succulent berry fruit flavors and elegant citrus finish. They also have aromas of raspberries and blackberries with hints
        of red cherries and cedar wood
 which are further underpinned by leather notes.


Principal
Products

For
the year ended June 30
 2019
 we generated revenue of approximately 97% from Fenjiu liquor wholesale and approximately 3% from
imported wine wholesale. For the year ended June 30
 2018
 we generated revenue of approximately 84.9% from Fenjiu liquor wholesale
and approximately 15.1% from imported wine wholesale. We have not experienced any seasonality in our business.

Fenjiu
Liquor Wholesale&nbsp;and marketer

For
our Fenjiu Liquor Wholesale and marketer business
 we secure our strategic partnerships with dealers based on our market survey data
 market
positioning data
 sales channels data
 sales capabilities data and sales potential evaluation. We further evaluate dealers according
to their geographical and administrative areas and categorize them into provincial
 municipal and county agents. We establish
cooperative relationships and strategic sales partnerships amongst dealers at different levels to further facilitate the sales
of our products. We sale our Fenjiu liquor products directly to these dealers.

For
our Fenjiu Liquor Wholesale and marketer business
 we pay special attention to dealers with direct business access to retail stores and outlets.
We sell our Fenjiu products with simple and bulk packaging to these dealers. The idea is to achieve larger profit margins through
removing high-end designs and packaging
 thus ensuring a relatively low price of our Fenjiu liquor products. Through this approach
we believe we can reach a greater number of Chinese customers who are attracted by the cost-effectiveness of our simple and bulk
packaging products. We sell our simple and bulk packaging products to our targeted dealers who then directly resell these products
to local retail stores and outlets.

Revenue
generated from our Fenjiu Liquor Wholesale and marketer business accounted for 97% and 84.9%
 respectively
 of the total revenue derived from
our general business in fiscal year 2019 and 2018.


    
    


Imported
Wine Wholesale

For
our imported wine wholesale business
 we secure our strategic partnerships with dealers based on our market survey data
 market
positioning data
 sales channels data
 sales capabilities data and sales potential evaluation. We further evaluate dealers according
to their geographical and administrative areas and categorize them into provincial
 municipal and county agents. We establish
cooperative relationships and strategic sales partnerships amongst dealers at different levels to further facilitate the sales
of our products. We wholesale our imported wines directly to these dealers.

Revenue
generated from our imported wine wholesale business accounted for 3% and 15.1%
 respectively
 of the total revenue derived from
our general business in fiscal year 2019 and 2018.



There
is intense competition in the Chinese liquor market. As a result
 customers face a tremendous number of choices when deciding
which brand or product to choose from.

As
of June 30
 2019
 Fenjiu Group has nearly 1
000 multi-layered distributors that often serve as Fenjiu brand co-builders. Although
the Fenjiu Group is now widely known as the only producer of Fenjiu throughout the market
 intense competition in the wholesale
market remains since Fenjiu liquor distributors will continue working to co-build and enhance their respective brand image alongside
Fenjiu Group to capture market shares from their competitors.&nbsp;Distributors range from mom-and-pop stores in Shanxi Province
to larger companies with years of experience in the Fenjiu liquor industry
 each competing for a fair share of the market. Competition
can be even more intense amongst the distributors within the same region.

The
Chinese wine market is also very competitive. Our competitors such as wine producers
 distributors or retailers conduct various
marketing activities and pricing strategies in an effort to keep their market shares
 which directly impact our sales
 revenues
and profitability. We follow the market trend closely and adjust our own advertising
 promotion
 pricing and sourcing strategies
accordingly. In addition
 competitors in the Chinese wine market compete against us for regaining highly qualified marketing personnel
and staff members.

In
response to the intense competition in the Chinese liquor and wine markets
 we have implemented a number of initiatives designed
to expand our revenues. Our revenue enhancement initiatives include expanding our marketing efforts
 developing new products
and working with start-up companies and bulk-sale customers directly to decrease our marketing costs.



PRC
Laws and Regulations on Alcohol Wholesale

Huaxin
is in the alcohol wholesale business
 including Fenjiu liquor wholesale and imported wine wholesale
 in China. Huaxin is subject
to various existing and probable governmental regulations on its alcohol wholesale business.

According
to the Regulations on Administration of Liquor of Shanxi Province which came into effect on January 1
 2000
 entities or individuals
who engage in liquor wholesale in Shanxi Province shall apply for Liquor Wholesale License. Huaxin has obtained the Liquor Wholesale
License and such license will expire on December 31
 2021. Jinqiang has also obtained the Liquor Wholesale License and such license
will expire on December 31
 2019. Also
 Huaxin and Jinqiang are required to obtain the Food Operation License pursuant to the
Administrative Measures for Food Operation Licensing which came into effect on November 17
 2017. Huaxin has obtained Food Operation
License and such license will expire on August 31
 2022. Jinqiang has obtained Food Operation License and such license will expire
on December 22
 2021. Nevertheless
 Huaxin and Jinqiang may be subject to penalties by PRC regulatory authorities if the Liquor
Wholesale License and Food Operation License is not timely renewed after expiration.



    
    


Currently
license for liquor wholesale is no longer required in nationwide level
 but it is still required in some particular Provinces
such as Shanxi Province and Shanghai. In addition to Shanxi Province
 the Company also sell liquor to other Provinces
 namely
Fujian
 Ningxia
 Gansu
 Xinjiang
 Beijing
 Shanghai and Hebei Province. Liquor wholesale business of the Company is operated by
its subsidiaries
 Huaxin and Fenyang Jinqiang Wine Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Jinqiang&rdquo;)
 both of which were established in Shanxi
Province and have obtained wholesale licenses in Shanxi Province. According to our telephone consultation with the competent authorities
in Beijing
 Shanghai
 Ningxia
 Gansu and Hebei
 no wholesale license is required for Huaxin or Jinqiang in such Provinces since
Huaxin and Jinqiang were established in Shanxi Province and have already obtained wholesale licenses in Shanxi Province. In conclusion
no further wholesale license is required in other Provinces where the Company operates its business
 unless the Company newly
establish operating entity in such Provinces and license is still required for liquor wholesale business in such Provinces.&nbsp;

Regarding
the imported wine business
 pursuant to the Foreign Trade Law of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China (Revised in 2016)
 a foreign
trade operator engaged in import and export of goods shall register with competent local regulatory authorities in Shanxi Province
that in charge of foreign trades; and pursuant to the Administrative Provisions of the Customs of the People&rsquo;s Republic
of China on the Registration of Customs Declaration Entities
 consignors and consignees of imported and exported goods shall go
through customs declaration entity registration formalities with their local Customs in accordance with the applicable provisions.
Huaxin has completed the registration for a record as a foreign trade operator and has obtained Certificate of the Customs of
the People&rsquo;s Republic of China on the Registration of Customs Declaration Entities. The registration for a record as a foreign
trade operator has no time limit; while the validity period for Certificate of the Customs of the PRC on the Registration of Customs
Declaration Entities is two years and such certificate can be renewed before the expiration date. Nevertheless
 Huaxin may be
subject to penalties by PRC regulatory authorities if Huaxin fails to go through the modification formalities in the event of
a change to any of its details registered with the competent governmental authorities including its name
 nature
 domicile and
legal representative.

PRC
Laws and Regulations on Environmental Protection

The
Ministry of Ecology and Environment is responsible for the uniform supervision and control of environmental protection in the
PRC. It formulates national environmental quality and discharge standards and monitors the PRC&rsquo;s environmental system. Ecology
and Environment bureaus at the county level and above are responsible for environmental protection within their areas of jurisdiction.

Pursuant
to the Law on Environmental Impact Evaluation of the PRC promulgated on October 28
 2002 and effective from September 1
 2003
manufacturers must prepare and file an environmental impact report setting forth the impact that the proposed construction project
may have on the environment and the measures to prevent or mitigate the impact for approval by the relevant PRC government authority
prior to commencement of construction of the relevant project.

Pursuant
to the Environmental Protection Law of the PRC
 or the Environmental Protection Law
 promulgated on and effective from December
26
 1989
 the environmental protection department of the State Council is in charge of promulgating national standards for environmental
protection. The Environmental Protection Law requires any facility that produces pollutants or other hazards to incorporate environmental
protection measures in its operations and establish an environmental protection responsibility system. Any entity that discharges
pollution must obtain the Pollution Discharging License from the relevant environmental protection authority. Remedial measures
for breaches of the Environmental Protection Law include a warning
 payment of damages or imposition of a fine. Criminal liability
may be imposed for a material violation of environmental laws and regulations that causes loss of property
 personal injuries
or death.

Huaxin
and its subsidiaries are not manufacturing
 assembling or processing companies
 thus are not subject to the PRC laws and regulations
on environmental protection.


    
    


PRC
Laws and Regulations on Intellectual Property Rights

Regulations
on Trademarks

The
Trademark Law of the PRC was adopted at the 24th&nbsp;meeting of the SCNPC on August&nbsp;23
 1982. Three amendments were made
on February&nbsp;22
 1993
 October&nbsp;27
 2001 and August&nbsp;30
 2013. The last amendment was implemented on May&nbsp;1
 2014.
The Regulations on the Implementation of the Trademark Law of the PRC were promulgated by the State Council of the People&rsquo;s
Republic of China on August&nbsp;3
 2002
 which took effect on September&nbsp;15
 2002. It was revised on April&nbsp;29
 2014
and became effective as of May&nbsp;1
 2014. According to the Trademark Law and the implementing regulations
 a trademark which
has been approved and registered by the trademark office is a registered trademark
 including a trademark of goods
 services
collective trademark and certification trademark. The trademark registrant shall enjoy the exclusive right to use the trademark
and shall be protected by law. The trademark law also specifies the scope of registered trademarks
 procedures for registration
of trademarks and the rights and obligations of trademark owners. We are currently holding 5 registered trademarks in China and
enjoy the corresponding rights.

Regulations
on Patents

Pursuant
to the Patent Law of the PRC
 or the Patent Law
 promulgated by the SCNPC on March 12
 1984
 as latest amended on December 27
2008
 and effective from October 1
 2009 and the Implementation Rules of the Patent Law of the PRC
 promulgated by the State Council
on June 15
 2001 and latest amended on January 9
 2010
 there are three types of patent in the PRC: invention patent
 utility
model patent and design patent. The protection period is 20 years for invention patent and 10 years for utility model patent and
design patent
 commencing from their respective application dates. Any individual or entity that utilizes a patent or conducts
any other activity in infringement of a patent without prior authorization of the patentee shall pay compensation to the patentee
and is subject to a fine imposed by relevant administrative authorities and
 if constituting a crime
 shall be held criminally
liable in accordance with the law. In the event that a patent is owned by two or more co-owners without an agreement regarding
the distribution of revenue generated from the exploitation of any co-owner of the patent
 such revenue shall be distributed among
all the co-owners.

Existing
patents can become narrowed
 invalid or unenforceable due to a variety of grounds
 including lack of novelty
 creativity
 and
deficiencies in patent application. In China
 a patent must have novelty
 creativity and practical applicability. Under the Patent
Law
 novelty means that before a patent application is filed
 no identical invention or utility model has been publicly disclosed
in any publication in China or overseas or has been publicly used or made known to the public by any other means
 whether in or
outside of China
 nor has any other person filed with the patent authority an application that describes an identical invention
or utility model and is recorded in patent application documents or patent documents published after the filing date. Creativity
means that
 compared with existing technology
 an invention has prominent substantial features and represents notable progress
and a utility model has substantial features and represents any progress. Practical applicability means an invention or utility
model can be manufactured or used and may produce positive results. Patents in China are filed with the State Intellectual Property
Office
 or SIPO. Normally
 the SIPO publishes an application for an invention patent within 18 months after the filing date
 which
may be shortened at the request of applicant. The applicant must apply to the SIPO for a substantive examination within 3 years
from the date of application.

As
of the date of this annual report on Form 10-K
 we had obtained two patents for liquor-making devices that can change proofs of
various liquors
 both of which were registered in 2015. Our issued PRC patents will expire in 2025.

Regulations
on Domain Names

The
Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the PRC
 or the MIIT
 promulgated the&nbsp;Measures on Administration of Internet
Domain Names
 or the Domain Name Measures
 on August&nbsp;24
 2017
 which took effect on November&nbsp;1
 2017 and replaced the&nbsp;Administrative
Measures on China Internet Domain Name promulgated by the MIIT on November&nbsp;5
 2004. According to the Domain Name Measures
the MIIT is in charge of the administration of PRC internet domain names. The domain name registration follows a first-to-file
principle. Applicants for registration of domain names shall provide true
 accurate and complete information of their identities
to domain name registration service institutions. The applicant will become the holder of such domain names upon completion of
the registration procedure.

As
of the date of this annual report on Form 10-K
 we do not have any domain name used for providing non-commercial internet-based
information services.



    
    


PRC
Laws and Regulations on Foreign Exchange

General
Administration of Foreign Exchange

The
principal regulation governing foreign currency exchange in the PRC is the&nbsp;Administrative Regulations of the PRC on Foreign
Exchange&nbsp;(the &ldquo;Foreign Exchange Regulations&rdquo;)
 which were promulgated on January&nbsp;29
 1996
 became effective
on April&nbsp;1
 1996 and were last amended on August&nbsp;5
 2008. Under these rules
 Renminbi is generally freely convertible
for payments of current account items
 such as trade- and service-related foreign exchange transactions and dividend payments
but not freely convertible for capital account items
 such as capital transfer
 direct investment
 investment in securities
 derivative
products or loans unless prior approval by competent authorities for the administration of foreign exchange is obtained. Under
the Foreign Exchange Regulations
 foreign-invested enterprises in the PRC may purchase foreign exchange without the approval of
SAFE to pay dividends by providing certain evidentiary documents
 including board resolutions
 tax certificates
 or for trade-
and services-related foreign exchange transactions
 by providing commercial documents evidencing such transactions.

Circular
No. 37 and Circular No. 13

Circular
37 was released by SAFE on July&nbsp;4
 2014 and abolished Circular 75 which had been in effect since November&nbsp;1
 2005. Pursuant
to Circular 37
 a PRC resident should apply to SAFE for foreign exchange registration of overseas investments before it makes
any capital contribution to a special purpose vehicle
 or SPV
 using his or her legitimate domestic or offshore assets or interests.
SPVs are offshore enterprises directly established or indirectly controlled by domestic residents for the purpose of investment
and financing by utilizing domestic or offshore assets or interests they legally hold. Following any significant change in a registered
offshore SPV
 such as capital increase
 reduction
 equity transfer or swap
 consolidation or division involving domestic resident
individuals
 the domestic individuals shall amend the registration with SAFE. Where an SPV intends to repatriate funds raised
after completion of offshore financing to the PRC
 it shall&nbsp;comply with relevant PRC regulations on foreign investment and
foreign debt management. A foreign-invested enterprise established through return investment shall complete relevant foreign exchange
registration formalities in accordance with the prevailing foreign exchange administration regulations on foreign direct investment
and truthfully disclose information on the actual controller of its shareholders.

If
any shareholder who is a PRC resident (as determined by the Circular No. 37) holds any interest in an offshore SPV and fails to
fulfil the required foreign exchange registration with the local SAFE branches
 the PRC subsidiaries of that offshore SPV may
be prohibited from distributing their profits and dividends to their offshore parent company or from carrying out other subsequent
cross-border foreign exchange activities. The offshore SPV may also be restricted in its ability to contribute additional capital
to its PRC subsidiaries. Where a domestic resident fails to complete relevant foreign exchange registration as required
 fails
to truthfully disclose information on the actual controller of the enterprise involved in the return investment or otherwise makes
false statements
 the foreign exchange control authority may order them to take remedial actions
 issue a warning
 and impose
a fine of less than RMB 300
000 on an institution or less than RMB 50
000 on an individual.

Circular
13 was issued by SAFE on February&nbsp;13
 2015
 and became effective on June&nbsp;1
 2015. Pursuant to Circular 13
 a domestic
resident who makes a capital contribution to an SPV using his or her legitimate domestic or offshore assets or interests is no
longer required to apply to SAFE for foreign exchange registration of his or her overseas investments. Instead
 he or she shall
register with a bank in the place where the assets or interests of the domestic enterprise in which he or she has interests are
located if the domestic resident individually seeks to make a capital contribution to the SPV using his or her legitimate domestic
assets or interests; or he or she shall register with a local bank at his or her permanent residence if the domestic resident
individually seeks to make a capital contribution to the SPV using his or her legitimate offshore assets or interests.

As
of the date of this annual report on Form 10-K
 all of our beneficial shareholders have completed registrations in accordance
with Circular 37.

Circular
19 and Circular 16

Circular
19 was promulgated by SAFE on March&nbsp;30
 2015
 and became effective on June&nbsp;1
 2015. According to Circular 19
 the foreign
exchange capital in the capital account of foreign-invested enterprises
 meaning the monetary contribution confirmed by the foreign
exchange authorities or the monetary contribution registered for account entry through banks
 shall be granted the benefits of
Discretional Foreign Exchange Settlement (&ldquo;Discretional Foreign Exchange Settlement&rdquo;). With Discretional Foreign Exchange
Settlement
 foreign capital in the capital account of a foreign-invested enterprise for which the rights and interests of monetary
contribution have been confirmed by the local foreign exchange bureau
 or for which book-entry registration of monetary contribution
has been completed by the bank
 can be settled at the bank based on the actual operational needs of the foreign-invested enterprise.
The allowed Discretional Foreign Exchange Settlement&nbsp;percentage of the foreign capital of a foreign-invested enterprise has
been temporarily set to be 100%. The Renminbi converted from the foreign capital will be kept in a designated account and if a
foreign-invested enterprise needs to make any further payment from such account
 it will still need to provide supporting documents
and to complete the review process with its bank.

Furthermore
Circular 19 stipulates that foreign-invested enterprises shall make bona fide use of their capital for their own needs within
their business scopes. The capital of a foreign-invested enterprise and the Renminbi it obtained from foreign exchange settlement
shall not be used for the following purposes:



    
    
directly
    or indirectly used for expenses beyond its business scope or prohibited by relevant laws or regulations;




    
    
directly
    or indirectly used for investment in securities unless otherwise provided by relevant laws or regulations;




    
    
directly
    or indirectly used for entrusted loan in Renminbi (unless within its permitted scope of business)
 repayment of inter-company
    loans (including advances by a third party) or repayment of bank loans in Renminbi that have been sub-lent to a third party;
    or




    
    





    
    
directly
    or indirectly used for expenses related to the purchase of real estate that is not for self-use (except for foreign-invested
    real estate enterprises).


Circular
16 was issued by SAFE on June&nbsp;9
 2016. Pursuant to Circular 16
 enterprises registered in the PRC may also convert their
foreign debts from foreign currency to Renminbi on a self-discretionary basis. Circular 16 provides an integrated standard for
conversion of foreign exchange capital items (including but not limited to foreign currency capital and foreign debts) on a self-discretionary
basis applicable to all enterprises registered in the PRC. Circular 16 reiterates the principle that an enterprise&rsquo;s Renminbi
capital converted from foreign currency-denominated capital may not be directly or indirectly used for purposes beyond its business
scope or purposes prohibited by PRC laws or regulations
 and such converted Renminbi capital shall not be provided as loans to
non-affiliated entities.

Our
PRC subsidiaries' distributions to their offshore parents are required to comply with the requirements as described above.

PRC
Laws and Regulations on Taxation

Enterprise
Income Tax

The&nbsp;Enterprise
Income Tax Law of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China&nbsp;(the &ldquo;EIT Law&rdquo;) was promulgated by the Standing Committee
of the National People&rsquo;s Congress on March&nbsp;16
 2007 and became effective on January&nbsp;1
 2008
 and was later amended
on February&nbsp;24
 2017. The&nbsp;Implementation Rules of the EIT Law&nbsp;(the &ldquo;Implementation Rules&rdquo;) were promulgated
by the State Council on December&nbsp;6
 2007 and became effective on January&nbsp;1
 2008. According to the EIT Law and the Implementation
Rules
 enterprises are divided into resident enterprises and non-resident enterprises. Resident enterprises shall pay enterprise
income tax on their incomes obtained in and outside the PRC at the rate of 25%. Non-resident enterprises setting up institutions
in the PRC shall pay enterprise income tax on the incomes obtained by such institutions in and outside the PRC at the rate of
25%. Non-resident enterprises with no institutions in the PRC
 and non-resident enterprises whose incomes having no substantial
connection with their institutions in the PRC
 shall pay enterprise income tax on their incomes obtained in the PRC at a reduced
rate of 10%.

The&nbsp;Arrangement
between the PRC and Hong Kong Special Administrative Region for the Avoidance of Double Taxation the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion
with respect to Taxes on Income&nbsp;(the &ldquo;Arrangement&rdquo;) was promulgated by the State Administration of Taxation (&ldquo;SAT&rdquo;)
on August&nbsp;21
 2006 and came into effect on December&nbsp;8
 2006. According to the Arrangement
 a company incorporated in
Hong Kong will be subject to withholding tax at the lower rate of 5% on dividends it receives from a company incorporated in the
PRC if it holds a 25% interest or more in the PRC company. The&nbsp;Notice on the Understanding and Identification of the Beneficial
Owners in the Tax Treaty&nbsp;(the &ldquo;Notice&rdquo;) was promulgated by SAT and became effective on October&nbsp;27
 2009.
According to the Notice
 a beneficial ownership analysis will be used based on a substance-over-form principle to determine whether
or not to grant tax treaty benefits.

In
April&nbsp;2009
 the Ministry of Finance
 or MOF
 and SAT jointly issued the Notice on Issues Concerning Process of Enterprise
Income Tax in Enterprise Restructuring Business
 or Circular&nbsp;59. In December&nbsp;2009
 SAT issued the Notice on Strengthening
Administration of Enterprise Income Tax for Share Transfers by Non-PRC Resident Enterprises
 or Circular&nbsp;698. Both Circular&nbsp;59
and Circular&nbsp;698 became effective retroactively as of January&nbsp;2008. In February&nbsp;2011
 SAT issued the Notice on
Several Issues Regarding the Income Tax of Non-PRC Resident Enterprises
 or SAT Circular&nbsp;24
 effective April&nbsp;2011. By
promulgating and implementing these circulars
 the PRC tax authorities have enhanced their scrutiny over the direct or indirect
transfer of equity interests in a PRC resident enterprise by a non-resident enterprise.

Under
Circular 698
 where a non-resident enterprise conducts an &ldquo;indirect transfer&rdquo; by transferring the equity interests
of a PRC &ldquo;resident enterprise&rdquo; indirectly by disposing of the equity interests of an overseas holding company
 the
non-resident enterprise
 being the transferor
 may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax
 if the indirect transfer is considered
to be an abusive use of company structure without reasonable commercial purposes. As a result
 gains derived from such indirect
transfer may be subject to PRC tax at a rate of up to 10%. Circular 698 also provides that
 where a non-PRC resident enterprise
transfers its equity interests in a PRC resident enterprise to its related parties at a price lower than the fair market value
the relevant tax authority has the power to make a reasonable adjustment to the taxable income of the transaction.

In
February 2015
 the SAT issued Circular 7 to replace the rules relating to indirect transfers in Circular 698. Circular 7 has introduced
a new tax regime that is significantly different from that under Circular 698. Circular 7 extends its tax jurisdiction to not
only indirect transfers set forth under Circular 698 but also transactions involving transfer of other taxable assets
 through
the offshore transfer of a foreign intermediate holding company. In addition
 Circular 7 provides clearer criteria than Circular
698 on how to assess reasonable commercial purposes and has introduced safe harbors for internal group restructurings and the
purchase and sale of equity through a public securities market. Circular 7 also brings challenges to both the foreign transferor
and transferee (or other person who is obligated to pay for the transfer) of the taxable assets. Where a non-resident enterprise
conducts an &ldquo;indirect transfer&rdquo; by transferring the taxable assets indirectly by disposing of the equity interests
of an overseas holding company
 the non-resident enterprise being the transferor
 or the transferee
 or the PRC entity which directly
owned the taxable assets may report to the relevant tax authority such indirect transfer. Using a &ldquo;substance over form&rdquo;
principle
 the PRC tax authority may disregard the existence of the overseas holding company if it lacks a reasonable commercial
purpose and was established for the purpose of reducing
 avoiding or deferring PRC tax. As a result
 gains derived from such indirect
transfer may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax
 and the transferee or other person who is obligated to pay for the transfer
is obligated to withhold the applicable taxes
 currently at a rate of 10% for the transfer of equity interests in a PRC resident
enterprise.

On
October&nbsp;17
 2017
 the SAT issued a Notice Concerning Withholding Income Tax of Non-Resident Enterprise
 or SAT Notice No.&nbsp;37
which abolishes Circular&nbsp;698 and&nbsp;certain provisions of Circular 7. SAT Notice No.&nbsp;37 reduces the burden of the
withholding obligator
 such as revocation of contract filing requirements and tax liquidation procedures
 strengthens the cooperation
of tax authorities in different places
 and clarifies the calculation of tax payable and mechanism of foreign exchange.



    
    


Value-added
Tax

Pursuant
to the Provisional Regulations on Value-added Tax of the PRC
 or the VAT Regulations
 which were promulgated by the State Council
on December 13
 1993
 took effect on January 1
 1994
 and were amended on November 10
 2008
 February 6
 2016
 and November 19
2017
 respectively
 and the Rules for the Implementation of the Provisional Regulations on Value-added Tax of the PRC
 which were
promulgated by the MOF on December 25
 1993
 and were amended on December 15
 2008
 and October 28
 2011
 respectively
 entities
and individuals that sell goods or labor services of processing
 repair or replacement
 sell services
 intangible assets
 or immovables
or import goods within the territory of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China are taxpayers of value-added tax.&nbsp;The VAT rate
is 17% for taxpayers selling goods
 labor services
 or tangible movable property leasing services or importing goods
 except otherwise
specified; 11% for taxpayers selling services of transportation
 postal
 basic telecommunications
 construction and lease of immovable
selling immovable
 transferring land use rights
 selling and importing other specified goods including fertilizers; 6% for taxpayers
selling services or intangible assets.

According
to the Notice on the Adjustment to the Value-added Tax Rates issued by the SAT and the MOF on April 4
 2018
 where taxpayers make
VAT taxable sales or import goods
 the applicable tax rates shall be adjusted from 17% to 16% and from 11% to 10%
 respectively.
Subsequently
 the Notice on Policies for Deepening Reform of Value-added Tax was issued by the SAT
 the MOF and the General Administration
of Customs on March 30
 2019 and took effective on April 1
 2019
 which further adjusted the applicable tax rate for taxpayers
making VAT taxable sales or importing goods. The applicable tax rates shall be adjusted from 16% to 13% and from 10% to 9%
 respectively.

Dividend
Withholding Tax

The
Enterprise Income Tax Law provides that since January&nbsp;1
 2008
 an income tax rate of 10% will normally be applicable to dividends
declared to non-PRC resident investors that do not have an establishment or place of business in the PRC
 or that have such establishment
or place of business but the relevant income is not effectively connected with the establishment or place of business
 to the
extent such dividends are derived from sources within the PRC.

PRC
Laws and Regulations on Employment and Social Welfare

Labor
Law of the PRC

Pursuant
to the Labor Law of the PRC
 which was promulgated by the Standing Committee of the NPC on July&nbsp;5
 1994 with an effective
date of January&nbsp;1
 1995 and was last amended on August&nbsp;27
 2009 and the Labor Contract Law of the PRC
 which was promulgated
on June&nbsp;29
 2007
 became effective on January&nbsp;1
 2008 and was last amended on December&nbsp;28
 2012
 with the amendments
coming into effect on July 1
 2013
 enterprises and institutions shall ensure the safety and hygiene of a workplace
 strictly
comply with applicable rules and standards on workplace safety and hygiene in China
 and educate employees on such rules and standards.
Furthermore
 employers and employees shall enter into written employment contracts to establish their employment relationships.
Employers are required to inform their employees about their job responsibilities
 working conditions
 occupational hazards
 remuneration
and other matters with which the employees may be concerned. Employers shall pay remuneration to employees on time and in full
accordance with the commitments set forth in their employment contracts and with the relevant PRC laws and regulations. Huaxin
and its subsidiary company have entered into written employment contracts with all the employees and performed their obligations
under the relevant PRC laws and regulations.

Social
Insurance and Housing Fund

Pursuant
to the&nbsp;Social Insurance Law of the PRC
 which was promulgated by the Standing Committee of the NPC on October&nbsp;28
 2010
and became effective on July&nbsp;1
 2011
 employers in the PRC shall provide their employees with welfare schemes covering basic
pension insurance
 basic medical insurance
 unemployment insurance
 maternity insurance
 and occupational injury insurance. Huaxin
has not deposited the social insurance fees in full for all the employees in compliance with the relevant regulations. Huaxin
may be ordered by the social security premium collection agency to make or supplement contributions within a stipulated period
and shall be subject to a late payment fine computed from the due date at the rate of 0.05% per day; where payment is not made
within the stipulated period
 the relevant administrative authorities shall impose a fine ranging from one to three times the
amount of the amount in arrears. Huaxin&rsquo;s subsidiaries have deposited the social insurance fees as required by relevant
regulations.



    
    


In
accordance with the&nbsp;Regulations on Management of Housing Provident Fund
 which were promulgated by the State Council on April&nbsp;3
1999 and last amended on March&nbsp;24
 2002
 employers must register at the designated administrative centers and open bank accounts
for depositing employees&rsquo; housing funds. Employers and employees are also required to pay and deposit housing funds
 with
an amount no less than 5% of the monthly average salary of the employee in the preceding year in full and on time. Huaxin and
its subsidiaries have not registered at the designated administrative centers and opened bank accounts for depositing employees&rsquo;
housing funds. They also have not deposited employees&rsquo; housing funds. Huaxin and its subsidiaries may be ordered by the
housing provident fund management center to complete the registration formalities
 open bank accounts
 make the payment and deposit
within a prescribed time limit. Failing to register or open bank accounts at the expiration of the time limit could result in
fines of not less than 10
000 yuan nor more than 50
000 yuan. And an application may be made to a people&rsquo;s court for compulsory
enforcement if payment and deposit has not been made after the expiration of the time limit.



Our
customers are downstream distributors. We rely upon several of our large customers from whom we generated substantial revenue
each year
 and the composition of our largest customers has changed from year to year. For the year ended June 30
 2019
 five
of our customers accounted for 13%
 12%
 12%
 11% and 10% of Huaxin&rsquo;s revenue
 respectively. For the year ended June 30
2018
 five of our customers
 Beijing Huaxin Rongfa Trading Co.
 Ltd.
 Fuqing Jing Hong Trading Co.
 Ltd.
 Shanghai Baiwang Trading
Co.
 Ltd.
 New Venus Trade (Fujian) Group Co.
 Ltd. and Shanxi Moneng Trading Co.
 Ltd. represented approximately 16.3%
 16.2%
11.5%
 11.2% and 10.6% of Huaxin&rsquo;s revenue
 respectively. Huaxin currently engages its major customers with purchase agreements
negotiated on an arm&rsquo;s length basis. These purchase agreements customarily cover a one-year period and contain material
subsections such as targeted customers&rsquo; selling goals
 representation and warranties of the customers
 rights and responsibility
of the customers
 pricing adjustment
 logistics and shipping
 payment methods
 downstream management and dispute resolutions.
While we believe that one or more of our major customers could account for a significant portion of our sales for at least the
year 2019
 we anticipate that our customer&rsquo;s base will continue to expand and that in the future we will be less dependent
on major customers.



We
primarily rely upon a few main suppliers from whom we purchase materials each year. For the year ended June 30
 2019
 three of
our suppliers accounted for 52%
 21%
 and 13% of our total supply purchases. For the year ended June 30
 2018
 five of our suppliers
Shanxi Xinghuacun Liquor Group Wine Industry Development Zone Sales Co.
 Ltd.
 Fuzhou Tongshunda Trading Co.
 Ltd.
 Fenyang Xinghua
Haokoufu Wine Industry Flagship Store
 Shanxi Yuanquan Drinking Co.
 Ltd. and Shanxi Xinjin Merchants Wine Group Co.
 Ltd.
 accounted
for 41%
 17%
 10%
 8% and 8% of our total supply purchases. All supplier contracts with large suppliers were entered from year
to year on an arm&rsquo;s length basis.

In
general
 we enter into procurement agreements in the ordinary course of business with our suppliers
 pursuant to a form of supply
order typically on a &ldquo;deal by deal&rdquo; basis. However
 we have a strategic partnership with Fenjiu Group. Most recently
we entered into a partnership agreement with Fenjiu Group on June 30
 2017
 pursuant to which Fenjiu Group has agreed to supply
us with $4
379
850 worth of Fenjiu liquor during a three-year period from June 30
 2017 to June 29
 2020. We agreed to buy $4
379
850
worth of Fenjiu liquor using our best effort pursuant to this strategic partnership agreement
 he underwriter has no obligation
or commitment to purchase any securities. If the contract is renewed
 the two parties must agree on the terms of contract cooperation
for the next year before June 29 of each year and sign a cooperation contract for the next year. The foregoing description of
the strategic agreement and the terms and conditions of such agreement is qualified in their entirety by the complete text of
the strategic agreement
 which is filed as Exhibit 10.2 (the &ldquo;Partnership Agreement&rdquo;) to the Form S-1 with SEC on
July 3
 2019 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Intellectual
Property

Protection
of our intellectual property is a strategic priority for our business. We rely on a combination of patent
 copyright
 trademark
and trade secret laws
 as well as confidentiality agreements
 to establish and protect our proprietary rights. We do not rely
on third-party licenses of intellectual property for use in our business.



    
    


As
of the date of this annual report on Form 10-K
 we had obtained two patents for liquor-making devices that can change proofs of
various liquors
 both of which were registered in 2015. Our issued PRC patents will expire in 2025. As of the date of this annual
report on Form 10-K
 we had registered 10 trademarks and had submitted 11 additional trademark applications. Our registered PRC
trademarks will expire between 2024 and 2028 but can be renewed before the trademarks&rsquo; respective expiration date. As of
the date of this annual report on Form 10-K
 we do not have any registered domain names.

In
addition to the foregoing protections
 we generally control access to and use of our proprietary and other confidential information
through the use of internal and external controls
 such as the use of confidentiality agreement with our employees.



As
of the date of this annual report on Form 10-K
 we had 60 employees throughout our operations in 4 offices and 3 warehouses. None
of our employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We have not experienced any work stoppages. The following table
sets forth the number of our employees by function as of the same date:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


As
of September 3
 2019
 our employees were located in&nbsp; the United States
 Hong Kong
 Fuqing city of Fujian Province and
Fenyang City of  Shanxi Province
 China.

As
required by PRC laws and regulations
 we participate in various employee social security plans that are organized by municipal
and provincial governments
 including housing
 pension
 medical insurance and unemployment insurance programs. We are required
under Chinese law to make contributions to employee benefit plans at specified percentages of the salaries
 bonuses and certain
allowances of our employees
 up to a maximum amount specified by the local government from time to time.

We
believe that we maintain a good working relationship with our employees
 and we have not experienced any labor disputes.


    
    


WHERE
YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

The
registrant is subject to the requirements of the Exchange Act
 and files reports
 proxy statements and other information with
the SEC. You may read and copy these reports
 proxy statements and other information at the public reference room maintained by
the SEC at its Public Reference Room
 located at 100 F Street
 N.E. Washington
 D.C. 20549. You may obtain information on the
operation of the public reference room by calling the SEC at (800) SEC-0330. In addition
 we are required to file electronic versions
of those materials with the SEC through the SEC&rsquo;s EDGAR system. The SEC also maintains a website at http://www.sec.gov
which contains reports
 proxy statements and other information regarding registrants that file electronically with the SEC.

ITEM
1A. &nbsp;RISK FACTORS

Risks
Related to Our Business

Our
Company is heavily dependent on its strategic partnership with Fenjiu Group
 which is the sole producer of Chinese Fenjiu liquor
in China. Any disruptions in our relationship with Fenjiu Group may have an adverse effect on our profitability and operating
results.

Our
business model focuses on the sale and distribution of Chinese Fenjiu liquor. Revenue generated from our Fenjiu Liquor Wholesale and marketer business accounted for 97% and 84.9%
 respectively
of the total revenue derived from our general business in fiscal year 2019 and 2018. We rely on Fenjiu Group to provide and deliver
our Fenjiu product inventory on a continuous basis. We could suffer significant losses in the event of the loss of our strategic
partnership with Fenjiu Group due to our inability to renew our partnership agreement
 disruption of Fenjiu Group&rsquo;s distribution
network
 damage to Fenjiu Group&rsquo;s reputation or other occurrences that are beyond our control.

Any
harm to the reputation of our Fenjiu liquor producer
 Fenjiu Group
 may materially and adversely affect our business and results
of operations.

The
success of our business depends heavily upon the reputation of Fenjiu Group since a large majority of our revenue comes from our
Fenjiu Liquor Wholesale and marketer business. We believe that the recognition and reputation of Fenjiu Group among our customers
 distributors
and dealers have contributed significantly to the growth and success of our business. Maintaining and enhancing the recognition
and reputation of Fenjiu Group are critical to our business and market position. Any harm to the reputation of Fenjiu Group may
materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations.

We
face intense competition
 and if we fail to compete effectively
 we may lose market share and customers.

The
Chinese alcohol distribution and retail markets that we are in are highly competitive. We face competition from long-established
traditional Chinese alcohol distributors and retailers as well as new companies which rely on modern technology such as E-commerce
platforms. China&rsquo;s alcohol industry is growing and changing rapidly. Our current or future competitors may have longer operating
histories
 greater brand recognition
 better supplier relationships
 larger customer bases
 more cost-effective fulfillment capabilities
or greater financial
 technical or marketing resources than we do. Competitors may leverage their brand recognition
 experience
and resources to compete with us in a variety of ways
 including investing more heavily in research and development and making
acquisitions for the expansion of their products and services. Some of our competitors may be able to secure more favorable terms
from suppliers
 devote greater resources to marketing and promotional campaigns
 adopt more aggressive pricing or inventory policies
and devote substantially more resources to their website and system development than us. Increased competition may reduce our
profitability
 market share
 customer base and brand recognition. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully
against current or future competitors
 and such competitive pressures may have a material and adverse effect on our business
financial condition and results of operations.



    
    


Our
limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our business and prospects.

We
commenced our Fenjiu liquor distribution business in 2014 and our imported wine distribution business in October 2016. Thus
we have a limited operating history. Since our inception
 we have experienced consistent growth in our business. Our total
net revenues increased by 2.5% from RMB 101
759
660 in 2018 to RMB 104
270
083 in 2019. And our total net revenues increased by
11.6% from RMB 91
144
666 in 2017 to RMB 101
759
660 in 2018. However
 our historical growth rate may not be indicative of our future performance. We
cannot assure you that we will be able to achieve similar results or grow at the same rate as we did in the past. Growth
may slow and net revenues or net income may decline for a number of possible reasons
 some of which are beyond our control
including decreasing consumer spending
 increasing competition
 slowing growth of our overall market
 fulfillment
bottlenecks
 emergence of alternative business models
 changes in government policies or general economic conditions. It is
difficult to evaluate our prospects
 as we may not have sufficient experience in addressing the risks to which companies
operating in rapidly evolving markets may be exposed. You should consider our prospects in light of the risks and
uncertainties that fast-growing companies with a limited operating history may encounter.

If
we are unable to manage our growth or execute our strategies effectively
 our business and prospects may be materially and adversely
affected.

Business
expansion has placed
 and continues to place
 significant strain on our management and resources. To accommodate our growth
 we
anticipate that we will need to implement a variety of new and upgraded operational management systems
 procedures and controls
including the improvement of our accounting and other internal management systems. We will also need to continue to expand
 train
manage and motivate our workforce and manage our relationships with our distributors
 dealers and supplier. As we selectively
increase our product and service offerings
 we will need to work with different groups of new distributors
 dealers and other
suppliers efficiently and establish and maintain mutually beneficial relationships with our existing distributors
 dealers and
supplier. All of these endeavors involve risks
 and will require substantial management effort and significant additional expenditures.
We cannot assure you that we will be able to manage our growth or execute our strategies effectively
 and any failure to do so
may have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects.

Our
future expansion into new product categories may expose us to new challenges and more risks.

Since
our inception
 we primarily focused on the Chinese Fenjiu liquor market. However
 we have started imported wine distribution in
October 2016. We plan to expand the product offerings to include selected categories of other alcohol products such as Luzhou-flavor
liquor and Maotai-flavor liquor. Expansion into new product categories involve new risks and challenges. Our lack of relevant
customer data relating to these products may make it more difficult for us to keep pace with the evolving customer demands and
preferences.

We
have limited experience and operating history in our future product categories and related marketplace services such as sample
tasting and custom bottle making
 which makes predicting our future results of operations more difficult than it otherwise would
be. Therefore
 our past results of operations should not be taken as indicative of our future performance. If we cannot successfully
address new challenges and compete effectively
 we may not be able to recover costs of our investments and eventually achieve
profitability
 and our future results of operations and growth prospects may be materially and adversely affected.

If
counterfeit products are sold under our brand names and trademarks
 our reputation and financial results could be materially and
adversely affected.

Third-party
merchants and dealers are separately responsible for sourcing counterfeit products that are sold under our brand names and trademarks.
Although we have adopted measures to help consumers verify the authenticity of products sold on the general Chinese market and
to remove any counterfeit products found by us
 these measures may not always be successful. Counterfeit products may be defective
or inferior in quality as compared to authentic products and may pose safety and health risks to our customers. If our customers
are injured by counterfeit products sold under our brand names and trademarks
 we may be subject to lawsuits
 severe administrative
penalties and criminal liability. We believe our brand and reputation are extremely important to our success and our competitive
position. The discovery of counterfeit products sold under our brand names and trademarks may severally damage our reputation
and cause customers to refrain from making future purchases from us
 which would materially and adversely affect our business
operations and financial results.



    
    


If
we are unable to offer premium products and services at attractive prices to meet customer needs and preferences
 our business
financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.

Our
future growth depends on our ability to continue attracting new customers and increasing the spending level of our existing customers.
Constantly changing consumer preferences have affected and will continue to affect the general Chinese alcohol market. We must
stay abreast of emerging lifestyle and consumer preferences and anticipate product and services trends that will appeal to existing
and potential customers. Our customers choose to purchase quality products or services from us due in part to the attractive prices
and premium services that we offer
 and they may choose to shop elsewhere if we cannot match the prices
 products or services
offered by our competitors. If our customers cannot find their desired products or services within our portfolio
 they may lose
interest in us and stop buying our products or using our services
 which in turn may materially and adversely affect our business
financial condition and results of operations.

We
rely on the Fenjiu liquor product marketing and distribution for a substantial portion of our net revenues.

Since
our inception
 we have been relying on Fenjiu liquor product marketing and distribution for a substantial portion of our net revenues.
We expect that this business segment to continue representing a substantial portion of our total net revenues in the near future.
We have increased our offerings to include other product categories in 2017
 mainly through the imported wine marketing and distribution;
we also have plan to expand our product offerings in the future to include other popular Chinese liquors such as Luzhou-flavor
liquor and Maotai-flavor liquor. However
 our sales of these new products may not increase to a level that would substantially
reduce our dependence on Fenjiu liquor product marketing and distribution business. Any event that results in a reduction in our
branded Fenjiu liquor products or short-term lodging and hospitality services could materially and adversely affect our ability
to maintain or increase our current level of net revenue and business prospects.

If
we fail to manage and expand our relationships with distributors
 dealers or suppliers
 or otherwise fail to source products or
services at favorable terms
 our business and growth prospects may suffer.

We
worked with approximately 111 distributors and they have over 1
000 sale points over China in 2018 and 2017. In 2018
 our major
suppliers are 11 in Fenjiu liquor and 2 for imported wines. In 2017
 our major suppliers are 6 in Fenjiu liquor and 2 for imported
wines. Maintaining strong relationships with these distributors
 dealers and suppliers is important to the growth of our business.

In
particular
 we depend significantly on our ability to attract reputable liquor and wine suppliers to offer their products or services
on commercially attractive terms and to procure products from suppliers on favorable pricing terms. However
 some of our agreements
for imported wines do not ensure the long-term availability of products or the continuation of particular pricing practices or
payment terms beyond the end of the contractual terms. Even if we maintain good relationships with our distributors
 dealers and
suppliers
 they may be unable to remain in business due to economic conditions
 labor actions
 regulatory or legal decisions
natural disasters or other causes. In the event that we are not able to source products or services at favorable prices
 our net
revenues and gross profit as a percentage of net revenues may be materially and adversely affected.

In
addition
 if our suppliers cease to provide us with favorable payment terms
 our requirements for working capital may increase
and our operations may be materially and adversely affected. We will also need to develop relationships with new suppliers to
ensure that we have access to a steady supply of products on favorable commercial terms or to offer sufficient products and services
at acceptable prices sought by our customers. Any negative developments in our relationships with distributors
 dealers and suppliers
could materially and adversely affect our business and growth prospects. If we fail to attract new distributors or dealers to
sell our products
 or new suppliers to sell their products to us due to any reason
 our business and growth prospects may be materially
and adversely affected.



    
    


If
we fail to manage our inventory effectively
 our results of operations
 financial condition and liquidity may be materially and
adversely affected.

Our
business requires us to manage a large volume of inventory effectively. We depend on our forecasts of demand for and popularity
of our products to make purchase decisions and to manage our inventory. Demand for products
 however
 can change significantly
between the time inventory or components are ordered and the date of sale. Demand may be affected by seasonality
 new product
launches
 rapid changes in product cycles and pricing
 product defects
 changes in consumer spending patterns
 changes in consumer
tastes with respect to our products and other factors
 and our customers may not order products in the quantities that we expect.
It may be difficult to accurately forecast demand
 and determine appropriate product or component.

If
we fail to manage our inventory effectively or negotiate favorable credit terms with suppliers
 we may be subject to a decline
in inventory values
 and significant inventory write-downs or write-offs. In addition
 if we are required to lower sale prices
in order to reduce inventory level or to pay higher prices to our suppliers in order to secure the right to return products to
our suppliers
 our profit margins might be negatively affected. Any of the above may materially and adversely affect our results
of operations and financial condition.

Our
business depends on the continued efforts of our management. If we lose their services or they are unable to work together effectively
or efficiently
 our business may be severely disrupted.

Our
business operations depend on the continued services of our senior management
 particularly the executive officers named in this
annual report on Form 10-K. The management team of Huaxin has been working together since the inception of Huaxin. If they cannot
work together effectively or efficiently
 our business may be severely disrupted. If one or more of our executive officers were
unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions
 we might not be able to replace them easily or at all. Our business
financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected
 and we may incur additional expenses to
recruit
 train and retain personnel. If any of our executive officers joins a competitor or forms a competing business
 we may
lose customers
 suppliers
 know-how and key professionals and staff members. Our executive officers have entered into employment
agreements and confidentiality and non-competition agreements with us. However
 if any dispute arises between our officers and
us
 we may have to incur substantial costs and expenses in order to enforce such agreements in China or we may be unable to enforce
them at all.

If
we are unable to recruit
 train and retain qualified personnel or sufficient workforce while controlling our labor costs
 our
business may be materially and adversely affected.

We
intend to hire additional qualified employees to support our business operations and planned expansion in product categories.
Our future success depends
 to a significant extent
 on our ability to recruit
 train and retain qualified personnel
 particularly
technical
 fulfillment
 marketing and other operational personnel with experience in the online retail industry. Our experienced
mid-level managers are instrumental in implementing our business strategies
 executing our business plans and supporting our business
operations and growth. The effective operation of our managerial and operating systems
 customer service center and other back
office functions also depends on the hard work and quality performance of our management and employees. Since our industry is
characterized by high demand and intense competition for talent and labor
 we can provide no assurance that we will be able to
attract or retain qualified staff or other highly skilled employees that we will need to achieve our strategic objectives. Labor
costs in China have increased with China&rsquo;s economic development
 particularly in the large cities where our facilities locate.
Rising inflation in China
 which has had a disproportionate impact on everyday essentials such as food
 is also putting pressure
on wages. In addition
 as we are still a young company
 our ability to train and integrate new employees into our operations may
also be limited and may not meet the demand for our business growth on a timely fashion
 or at all. If we are unable to attract
train and retain qualified personnel
 our business may be materially and adversely affected.

Any
lack of requisite approvals
 licenses or permits applicable to our business or failure to comply with PRC laws and regulations
may have a material and adverse impact on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

Our
business is subject to governmental supervision and regulation by the relevant PRC governmental authorities
 including the competent
authorities of Ministry of Commerce and the China Food and Drug Administration. Together
 these government authorities promulgate
and enforce regulations that cover many aspects of the operation of retailing and distribution of food and nutritional supplements
including entry into these industries
 the scope of permissible business activities
 licenses and permits for various business
activities
 and foreign investment. We are required to hold a number of licenses and permits in connection with our business operation
including the Liquor Wholesale License and Food Operation License. We have in the past held and currently hold all licenses and
permits described above.



    
    


As
of the date of this annual report on Form 10-K
 we have not received any notice of warning or been subject to penalties or other
disciplinary action from the relevant governmental authorities regarding our conducting our business without the above mentioned
approvals and permits. However
 we cannot assure you that we will not be subject to any penalties in the future. As the alcohol
wholesale and retail industry is still evolving in China
 new laws and regulations may be adopted from time to time to require
additional licenses and permits other than those we currently have
 and address new issues that arise from time to time. As a
result
 substantial uncertainties exist regarding the interpretation and implementation of current and any future PRC laws and
regulations applicable to our businesses. If the PRC government considers that we were operating without the proper approvals
licenses or permits or promulgates new laws and regulations that require additional approvals or licenses or imposes additional
restrictions on the operation of any part of our business
 it has the power
 among other things
 to levy fines
 confiscate our
income
 revoke our business licenses
 and require us to discontinue our relevant business or impose restrictions on the affected
portion of our business. Any of these actions by the PRC government may have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations.

Failure
to make adequate contributions to various employee benefits plans as required by PRC regulations may subject us to penalties.

Companies
operating in China are required to participate in various government-sponsored employee benefit plans
 including certain social
insurance
 housing funds and other welfare-oriented payment obligations
 and contribute to the plans in amounts equal to certain
percentages of salaries
 including bonuses and allowances
 of employees up to a maximum amount specified by the local government
from time to time at locations where our employees are based. The requirement of employee benefit plans has not been implemented
consistently by the local governments in China given the different levels of economic development in different locations. Huaxin
has deposited social security premiums in full
 and has opened a bank account and contributing housing provident funds as required.
As for the social security premiums
 Huaxin may be subject to a late payment fine computed from the due date at the rate of 0.05%
per day; where payment is not made within the stipulated period
 the relevant administrative authorities may impose a fine ranging
from one to three times the amount of the amount in arrears. As for the housing provident fund
 if Huaxin fails to go through
the formalities to register or open the account within the prescribed time limit
 a fine of not less than RMB10
000 nor more than
RMB50
000 shall be imposed. If Huaxin fails to make the payment and deposit within the prescribed time limit
 an application may
be made to the people&rsquo;s court for compulsory enforcement.

Failure
to renew our current leases or locate desirable alternatives for our facilities could materially and adversely affect our business.

As
of the date of this annual report on Form 10-K
 we leased an aggregate of approximately 2600 square meters of properties for our
offices used for communication and development
 customer service and management and our operations in general. We may not be able
to successfully extend or renew such leases upon expiration of the current term on commercially reasonable terms or at all
 and
may therefore be forced to relocate our affected operations. This could disrupt our operations and result in significant relocation
expenses
 which could adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. In addition
 we compete with
other businesses for premises at certain locations or of desirable sizes. As a result
 even though we could extend or renew our
leases
 rental payments may significantly increase as a result of the high demand for the leased properties. In addition
 we may
not be able to locate desirable alternative sites for our facilities as our business continues to grow and such failure in relocating
our affected operations could affect our business and operations.



    
    


We
have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. If our remediation of these material weaknesses
is not effective
 or if we experience additional material weaknesses in the future
 we may not be able to accurately or timely
report our financial condition or results of operations
 which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and
 as a result
the value of our shares of Common Stock.

In
connection with the audit of the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended June 30
 2019
 PKF Littlejohn
LLP founded that the Company had made improvement in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency
 or combination
of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting
 such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.

Based
upon an evaluation the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company&rsquo;s
disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of June 30
 2019 to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by the Company in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act
 is recorded
 processed
 summarized and
reported
 within the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to the Company&rsquo;s management
 including the Company&rsquo;s CEO and CFO
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. The principal basis for this conclusion is the lack of segregation of duties within our financial function
and the lack of an operating Audit Committee
 as well as the Company&rsquo;s failure to engage sufficient resources in regards
to our accounting and reporting obligations.

We
have initiated remediation efforts focused on continue to make effort to strengthen our internal control over financial reporting and to specifically address
the control deficiencies that led to our material weaknesses. These efforts include the following:


Required of the
                                                                                                                                                                        accounting personnel in the accounting department to take a minimum of 24 CPE credits annually with a focus on US GAAP and
                                                                                                                                                                        financial reporting standards. We also required the Chief Financial Officer to take a minimum of 40 CPE credits annually
                                                                                                                                                                        with a focus on US GAAP and financial reporting standards.



Implemented
an internal review process over financial reporting to continue to improve our ongoing review and supervision of our internal
control over financial reporting;



An
ongoing initiative and training in the Company to ensure the importance of internal controls and compliance with the established
policies and procedures are fully understood throughout the organization
 and we plan to provide continuous U.S. GAAP knowledge



We
cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date
 and are continuing to implement
 will be sufficient to remediate the
material weaknesses we have identified or avoid potential future material weaknesses. If the steps we take do not remediate the
material weaknesses in a timely manner
 we will be unable to conclude that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures
or effective internal control over financial reporting. Additionally
 these material weaknesses could result in a misstatement
of our accounts or disclosures that would result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim consolidated financial statements
that would not be prevented or detected.

As
a public company
 we will be required to maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting and to report any material
weaknesses in our internal control&nbsp;over financial reporting. SEC Regulation S-K requires that we evaluate and determine the
effectiveness of our internal control&nbsp;over financial reporting and provide a management report on internal control over financial
reporting. Regulation S-K also requires that our management report on internal control over financial reporting be attested to
by our independent registered public accounting firm
 to the extent we are no longer an emerging growth company. We do not expect
our independent registered public accounting firm to attest to our management report on internal control over financial reporting
while we are an emerging growth company.

We
are in the process of evaluating our internal control over financial reporting required to comply with this obligation
 and this
process will be time consuming
 costly and complicated. If we identify any additional material weaknesses in our internal control
over financial reporting
 if we are unable to comply with the requirements of Regulation S-K in a timely manner
 if we are unable
to assert that our internal control&nbsp;over financial reporting is effective
 or when required in the future
 if our independent
registered public accounting firm is unable to express an unqualified opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal control&nbsp;over
financial reporting
 investors may lose confidence in our financial reports and the market price of our shares of Common Stock
could be adversely affected.



    
    


We
may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property rights
 and our competitors may be able to offer similar products
and services
 which would harm our competitive position.

Our
success depends in part upon our intellectual property rights. We rely primarily on trademark
 copyright
 trade secret laws
 confidentiality
procedures
 license agreements and contractual provisions to establish and protect our proprietary rights over our products
 procedures
and services. Other persons could copy or otherwise obtain and use our intellectual properties without authorization
 or create
intellectual properties similar to ours independently. We may also pursue the registration of our domain names
 trademarks
 and
service marks in other jurisdictions
 including the United States. However
 the intellectual property laws in China are not considered
as strong as comparable laws in the United States or the European Union. We cannot assure you that we will be able to protect
our proprietary rights. Further
 our competitors may be able to independently develop similar intellectual property
 duplicate
our products and services or design around any intellectual property rights we hold. Further
 our intellectual property rights
may be subject to termination or expirations. The loss of intellectual property protections or the inability to timely regain
intellectual property protections could harm our business and ability to compete.

We
may be subject to intellectual property infringement claims
 which may be expensive to defend and may disrupt our business and
operations.

We
cannot be certain that our operations or any aspects of our business do not or will not infringe upon or otherwise violate trademarks
patents
 copyrights
 know-how or other intellectual property rights held by third parties. We have not been in the past
 but may
be from time to time in the future
 subject to legal proceedings and claims relating to the intellectual property rights of others.
There may be third-party intellectual property that is infringed by our products
 services or other aspects of our business. There
could also be existing patents or other intellectual property rights of which we are not aware that our products may inadvertently
infringe. We cannot assure you that holders of the relevant intellectual property rights purportedly relating to some aspect of
our technology platform or business
 if any such holders exist
 would not seek to enforce such intellectual property rights against
us in China
 the United States or any other jurisdictions. In addition
 we strive to closely monitor the products offered on our
internet platform
 and also require suppliers and third-party merchants to indemnify us for any losses we suffer or any costs
that we incur in relation to the products we source from such suppliers or the products offered by such third-party merchants
on our internet platform. However
 we cannot be certain that these measures would be effective in completely preventing the infringement
of trademarks
 patents
 copyrights
 know-how or other intellectual property rights held by third parties. Further
 the application
and interpretation of China&rsquo;s intellectual property right laws and the procedures and standards for granting trademarks
patents
 copyrights
 know-how or other intellectual property rights in China are still evolving and are uncertain
 and we cannot
assure you that PRC courts or regulatory authorities would agree with our analysis. If we are found to have violated the intellectual
property rights of others
 we may be subject to liability for our infringement activities or may be prohibited from using such
intellectual property
 and we may incur licensing fees or be forced to develop alternatives of our own. In addition
 we may incur
significant expenses
 and may be forced to divert management&rsquo;s time and other resources from our business and operations
to defend against these third-party infringement claims
 regardless of their merits. Successful infringement or licensing claims
made against us may result in significant monetary liabilities and may materially disrupt our business and operations by restricting
or prohibiting our use of the intellectual property in question.

We
may need additional capital
 and financing may not be available on terms acceptable to us
 or at all.

We
believe our current cash and cash equivalents and anticipated cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet our anticipated
cash needs for the next 12 months. We may
 however
 require additional cash resources due to changed business conditions or other
future developments
 including any marketing initiatives or investments we may decide to pursue. If these resources are insufficient
to satisfy our cash requirements
 we may seek to obtain a credit facility or sell additional equity or debt securities. The sale
of additional equity securities could result in dilution of our existing shareholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result
in increased debt obligations and could result in operating and financing covenants that would restrict our operations. In addition
it is uncertain whether financing will be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us
 if at all.



    
    


We
have limited insurance coverage which could expose us to significant costs and business disruption.

We
maintain certain insurance policies to safeguard against risks and unexpected events. We have purchased cargo transportation insurance
covering our inventory in transit. However
 as the insurance industry in China is still in an early stage of development
 insurance
companies in China currently offer limited business-related insurance products. We do not maintain business interruption insurance
or product liability insurance
 nor do we maintain key-man life insurance. We cannot assure you that our insurance coverage is
sufficient to prevent us from any loss or that we will be able to successfully claim our losses under our current insurance policy
on a timely basis
 or at all. If we incur any loss that is not covered by our insurance policies
 or the compensated amount is
significantly less than our actual loss
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely
affected.

We
face risks related to natural disasters
 health epidemics and other outbreaks
 which could significantly disrupt our operations.

Our
business could be adversely affected by natural disasters or the outbreak of avian influenza
 severe acute respiratory syndrome
or SARS
 the influenza A (H1N1)
 H7N9 or other epidemics. Any of such occurrences could cause severe disruption to our daily operations
and may even require a temporary closure of our facilities. Such closures may disrupt our business operations and adversely affect
our results of operations. Our operation could also be disrupted if our suppliers
 customers or business partners were affected
by such natural disasters or health epidemics.

Risks
Related to Doing Business in China

A
slowdown of the Chinese economy or adverse changes in economic and political policies of the PRC government could negatively impact
China&rsquo;s overall economic growth
 which could materially adversely affect our business.

After
the Business Combination
 we will be a holding company and all of the combined company&rsquo;s operations will be entirely conducted
in the PRC. Although the PRC economy has grown in recent years
 the pace of growth has slowed
 and even that rate of growth may
not continue. The annual rate of growth in the PRC declined from 6.9% in 2015 to 6.7% in 2016
 6.8% in 2017 and 6.6% in 2018.
According to a recent State Information of China forecast
 China&rsquo;s economic growth rate in 2019 will slow to 6%-6.5%
 its
lowest since 1990. A slowdown in overall economic growth
 an economic downturn or recession or other adverse economic developments
in the PRC may materially reduce the demand for the company&rsquo;s products and may have a materially adverse effect on its business.

China&rsquo;s
economy differs from the economies of most other countries in many respects
 including the amount of government involvement in
the economy
 the general level of economic development
 growth rates and government control of foreign exchange and the allocation
of resources. While the PRC economy has grown significantly over the past few decades
 this growth has remained uneven across
different periods
 regions and economic sectors.

The
PRC government also exercises significant control over China&rsquo;s economic growth by allocating resources
 controlling the
payment of foreign currency-denominated obligations
 setting monetary policy and providing preferential treatment to particular
industries or companies. Any actions and policies adopted by the PRC government could negatively impact the Chinese economy or
the economy of the region the combined company serves
 which could materially adversely affect the combined company&rsquo;s business.

Substantial
uncertainties and restrictions with respect to the political and economic policies of the PRC government and PRC laws and regulations
could have a significant impact upon the business the combined company may be able to conduct in the PRC and accordingly on the
results of its operations and financial condition.

The
combined company&rsquo;s business operations may be adversely affected by the current and future political environment in the
PRC. The Chinese government exerts substantial influence and control over the manner in which the combined company must conduct
its business activities. The combined company&rsquo;s ability to operate in China may be adversely affected by changes in Chinese
laws and regulations. Under the current government leadership
 the government of the PRC has been pursuing economic reform policies
that encourage private economic activities and greater economic decentralization. However
 the government of the PRC may not continue
to pursue these policies
 or may significantly alter these policies from time to time without notice.



    
    


There
are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of PRC laws and regulations
 including
 but not limited
to
 the laws and regulations governing the combined company&rsquo;s business
 or the enforcement and performance of the combined
company&rsquo;s arrangements with borrowers in the event of the imposition of statutory liens
 death
 bankruptcy or criminal proceedings.
Only after 1979 did the Chinese government begin to promulgate a comprehensive system of laws that regulate economic affairs in
general
 deal with economic matters such as foreign investment
 corporate organization and governance
 commerce
 taxation and
trade
 as well as encourage foreign investment in China. Although the influence of the law has been increasing
 China has not
developed a fully integrated legal system and recently enacted laws and regulations may not sufficiently cover all aspects of
economic activities in China. Also
 because these laws and regulations are relatively new
 and because of the limited volume of
published cases and their lack of force as precedents
 interpretation and enforcement of these laws and regulations involve significant
uncertainties. New laws and regulations that affect existing and proposed future businesses may also be applied retroactively.
In addition
 there have been constant changes and amendments of laws and regulations over the past 40 years in order to keep up
with the rapidly changing society and economy in China. Because government agencies and courts provide interpretations of laws
and regulations and decide contractual disputes and issues
 their inexperience in adjudicating new business and new polices or
regulations in certain less developed areas causes uncertainty and may affect the combined company&rsquo;s business. Consequently
neither Huaxin nor Oranco can predict the future direction of Chinese legislative activities with respect to either businesses
with foreign investment or the effectiveness on enforcement of laws and regulations in China. The uncertainties
 including new
laws and regulations and changes of existing laws
 as well as judicial interpretation by inexperienced officials in the agencies
and courts in certain areas
 may cause possible problems to foreign investors.

Both
Huaxin and Oranco&rsquo;s businesses are subject to extensive regulation and supervision by state
 provincial and local government
authorities
 which may interfere with the way the combined company conducts its business and may negatively impact its financial
results.

Both
Huaxin and Oranco are subject to extensive and complex state
 provincial and local laws
 rules and regulations with regard to
their loan operations
 capital structure
 maximum interest rates
 allowance for loan losses
 among other things
 as set out in
&ldquo;Business &mdash; Government Regulations.&rdquo; These laws
 rules and regulations are issued by different central government
ministries and departments
 provincial and local governments and are enforced by different local authorities. As a result of the
complexity
 uncertainties and constant changes in these laws
 rules and regulation
 including changes in interpretation and implementation
of such
 both Huaxin and Oranco&rsquo;s business activities and growth may be adversely affected if they do not respond to the
changes in a timely manner or are found to be in violation of the applicable laws
 regulations and policies as a result of a different
position from theirs taken by the competent authority in the interpretation of such applicable laws
 regulations and policies.
If Huaxin and Oranco are found to be not in compliance with these laws and regulations
 they may be subject to sanctions by regulatory
authorities
 monetary penalties and/or reputation damage
 which could have a material adverse effect on the combined company&rsquo;s
business operations and profitability.

You
may experience difficulties in effecting service of legal process
 enforcing foreign judgments or bringing original actions against
us or our management
 in China
 based upon United States laws
 including the U.S. federal securities laws
 or other foreign laws.

We
are a company incorporated in Nevada. After the Business Combination
 substantially all of our operations will be conducted in
China
 and substantially all of our assets will be located in China. All of our current and proposed directors and officers reside
in China
 and substantially all of the assets of those persons are located outside of the United States. As a result
 Zhonglun
W&amp;D Law Firm
 our counsel as to PRC law
 has advised us that it may be difficult for a shareholder to effect service of process
within the United States upon these persons
 or to enforce judgments against us which are obtained in United States courts
 including
judgments predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state in the United
States.

Zhonglun
W&amp;D Law Firm has further advised us that the recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments are provided for under the PRC
Civil Procedures Law. PRC courts may recognize and enforce foreign judgments in accordance with the requirements of the PRC Civil
Procedures Law based either on treaties between China and the country where the judgment is made or on principles of reciprocity
between jurisdictions. China does not have any treaties or other form of reciprocity with the United States providing for the
reciprocal recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments. In addition
 according to the PRC Civil Procedures Law
 courts in
the PRC will not enforce a foreign judgment against us or our directors or officers if they decide that the judgment violates
the basic principles of PRC laws
 national sovereignty
 security or public interest. As a result
 it is uncertain whether and
on what basis a PRC court would enforce a judgment rendered by a court in the United States.



    
    


Zhonglun
W&amp;D Law Firm has also advised us that in the event shareholders originate an action against a company without domicile in
China for disputes related to contracts or other property interests
 the PRC courts may accept a cause of action if (a) the disputed
contract is concluded or performed in the PRC or the disputed subject matter is located in the PRC
 (b) the company (as defendant)
has properties that can be seized within the PRC
 (c) the company has a representative organization within the PRC
 or (d) the
parties chose to submit to the jurisdiction of the PRC courts in the contract on the condition that such submission does not violate
the requirements of jurisdiction under the PRC Civil Procedures Law. The action may be initiated by the shareholder by filing
a complaint with the PRC courts. The PRC courts would determine whether to accept the complaint in accordance with the PRC Civil
Procedures Law. The shareholder may participate in the action by itself or entrust any other person or PRC legal counsel to participate
on behalf of such shareholder. Foreign citizens and companies will have the same rights as PRC citizens and companies in such
an action unless such foreign country restricts the rights of PRC citizens and companies.

Dividends
payable to our foreign investors and gains on the sale of our shares of Common Stock by our foreign investors may become subject
to tax by the PRC.

Under
the Enterprise Income Tax Law and its implementation regulations issued by the State Council of the PRC
 a 10% PRC withholding
tax is applicable to dividends payable to investors that are non-resident enterprises
 which do not have an establishment or place
of business in the PRC or which have such establishment or place of business but the dividends are not effectively connected with
such establishment or place of business
 to the extent such dividends are derived from sources within the PRC. Similarly
 any
gain realized on the transfer of shares by such investors is also subject to PRC tax at a current rate of 10%
 subject to any
reduction or exemption set forth in relevant tax treaties
 if such gain is regarded as income derived from sources within the
PRC. If we are deemed a PRC resident enterprise
 dividends paid on our shares
 and any gain realized from the transfer of our
shares
 would be treated as income derived from sources within the PRC and would as a result be subject to PRC taxation. Furthermore
if we are deemed a PRC resident enterprise
 dividends payable to individual investors who are non-PRC residents and any gain realized
on the transfer shares by such investors may be subject to PRC tax at a current rate of 20%
 subject to any reduction or exemption
set forth in applicable tax treaties. It is unclear whether we or any of our subsidiaries established outside of China are considered
a PRC resident enterprise
 holders of shares would be able to claim the benefit of income tax treaties or agreements entered into
between China and other countries or areas. If dividends payable to our non-PRC investors
 or gains from the transfer of our shares
by such investors are subject to PRC tax
 the value of your investment in our shares may decline significantly.

Our
global income may be subject to PRC taxes under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law
 which could have a material adverse effect
on our results of operations.

Under
the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law
 or the New EIT Law
 and its amendment and implementation rules
 which became effective in January
2008
 an enterprise established outside of the PRC with a &ldquo;de facto management body&rdquo; located within the PRC is considered
a PRC resident enterprise and will be subject to the enterprise income tax at the rate of 25% on its global income. The implementation
rules define the term &ldquo;de facto management bodies&rdquo; as &ldquo;establishments that carry out substantial and overall
management and control over the manufacturing and business operations
 personnel and human resources
 finance and treasury
 and
Business Combination and disposition of properties and other assets of an enterprise.&rdquo; On April 22
 2009
 the State Administration
of Taxation (the &ldquo;SAT&rdquo;)
 issued a circular
 or SAT Circular 82
 which provides certain specific criteria for determining
whether the &ldquo;de facto management body&rdquo; of a PRC-controlled enterprise that is incorporated offshore is located in
China. Although the SAT Circular 82 only applies to offshore enterprises controlled by PRC enterprises or PRC enterprise groups
not those controlled by PRC individuals or foreigners
 the determining criteria set forth in the SAT Circular 82 may reflect the
SAT&rsquo;s general position on how the &ldquo;de facto management body&rdquo; text should be applied in determining the resident
status of all offshore enterprises for the purpose of PRC tax
 regardless of whether they are controlled by PRC enterprises or
individuals. Although we do not believe that our legal entities organized outside of the PRC constitute PRC resident enterprises
it is possible that the PRC tax authorities could reach a different conclusion. In such case
 we may be considered a PRC resident
enterprise and may therefore be subject to the 25% enterprise income tax on our global income
 which could significantly increase
our tax burden and materially and adversely affect our cash flow and profitability. In addition to the uncertainty regarding how
the new PRC resident enterprise classification for tax purposes may apply
 it is also possible that the rules may change in the
future
 possibly with retroactive effect.



    
    


We
and our shareholders face uncertainties with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC resident enterprises by
their non-PRC holding companies.

On
February 3
 2015
 the State Administration of Taxation issued an Announcement on Several Issues Concerning Enterprise Income Tax
on Income Arising from Indirect Transfers of Property by Non-PRC Resident Enterprises
 or Circular 7
 with the same effective
date. Under Announcement 7
 an &ldquo;indirect transfer&rdquo; refers to a transaction where a non-resident enterprise transfers
its equity interest and other similar interest in an offshore holding company
 which directly or indirectly holds Chinese taxable
assets (the assets of an &ldquo;establishment or place&rdquo; situated in China; real property situated in China and equity interest
in Chinese resident enterprises) and any indirect transfer without reasonable commercial purposes are subject to the PRC taxation.
In addition
 Announcement 7 specifies the conditions under which an indirect transfer is deemed to lack a reasonable commercial
purpose which include: (1) 75% or more of the value of the offshore holding company&rsquo;s equity is derived from Chinese taxable
assets
 (2) anytime in the year prior to the occurrence of the indirect transfer of Chinese taxable assets
 90% or more of the
total assets (excluding cash) of the offshore holding company are direct or indirect investment in China
 or 90% or more of the
revenue of the offshore holding company was sourced from China; (3) the functions performed and risks assumed by the offshore
holding company(ies)
 although incorporated in an offshore jurisdiction to conform to the corporate law requirements there
 are
insufficient to substantiate their corporate existence and (4) the foreign income tax payable in respect of the indirect transfer
is lower than the Chinese tax which would otherwise be payable in respect of the direct transfer if such transfer were treated
as a direct transfer. As a result
 gains derived from such indirect transfer will be subject to PRC enterprise income tax
 currently
at a rate of 10%.

Announcement
7 grants a safe harbor under certain qualifying circumstances
 including transfers in the public securities market and certain
intragroup restricting transactions
 however
 there is uncertainty as to the implementation of Announcement 7. For example
 Announcement
7 requires the buyer to withhold the applicable taxes without specifying how to obtain the information necessary to calculate
taxes and when the applicable tax shall be submitted. Announcement 7 may be determined by the tax authorities to be applicable
to our offshore restructuring transactions or sale of the shares of our offshore subsidiaries where non-resident enterprises
being the transferors
 were involved. Though Announcement 7 does not impose a mandatory obligation of filing the report of taxable
events
 the transferring party shall be subject to PRC withholding tax if the certain tax filing conditions are met. Non-filing
may result in an administrative penalty varying from 50% to 300% of unpaid taxes. As a result
 we and our non-resident enterprises
in such transactions may become at risk of being subject to taxation under Announcement 7
 and may be required to expend valuable
resources to comply with Announcement 7 or to establish that we and our non-resident enterprises should not be taxed under Announcement
7
 for any restructuring or disposal of shares of our offshore subsidiaries
 which may have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operations.

Enhanced
scrutiny over acquisition transactions by the PRC tax authorities may have a negative impact on potential acquisitions we may
pursue in the future.

The
PRC tax authorities have enhanced their scrutiny over the direct or indirect transfer of certain taxable assets
 including
 in
particular
 equity interests in a PRC resident enterprise
 by a non-resident enterprise by promulgating and implementing SAT Circular
59 and Circular 698
 which became effective in January 2008
 and a Circular 7 in replacement of some of the existing rules in
Circular 698
 which became effective in February 2015.

Under
Circular 698
 where a non-resident enterprise conducts an &ldquo;indirect transfer&rdquo; by transferring the equity interests
of a PRC &ldquo;resident enterprise&rdquo; indirectly by disposing of the equity interests of an overseas holding company
 the
non-resident enterprise
 being the transferor
 may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax
 if the indirect transfer is considered
to be an abusive use of company structure without reasonable commercial purposes. As a result
 gains derived from such indirect
transfer may be subject to PRC tax at a rate of up to 10%. Circular 698 also provides that
 where a non-PRC resident enterprise
transfers its equity interests in a PRC resident enterprise to its related parties at a price lower than the fair market value
the relevant tax authority has the power to make a reasonable adjustment to the taxable income of the transaction.



    
    


In
February 2015
 the SAT issued Circular 7 to replace the rules relating to indirect transfers in Circular 698. Circular 7 has introduced
a new tax regime that is significantly different from that under Circular 698. Circular 7 extends its tax jurisdiction to not
only indirect transfers set forth under Circular 698 but also transactions involving transfer of other taxable assets
 through
the offshore transfer of a foreign intermediate holding company. In addition
 Circular 7 provides clearer criteria than Circular
698 on how to assess reasonable commercial purposes and has introduced safe harbors for internal group restructurings and the
purchase and sale of equity through a public securities market. Circular 7 also brings challenges to both the foreign transferor
and transferee (or other person who is obligated to pay for the transfer) of the taxable assets. Where a non-resident enterprise
conducts an &ldquo;indirect transfer&rdquo; by transferring the taxable assets indirectly by disposing of the equity interests
of an overseas holding company
 the non-resident enterprise being the transferor
 or the transferee
 or the PRC entity which directly
owned the taxable assets may report to the relevant tax authority such indirect transfer. Using a &ldquo;substance over form&rdquo;
principle
 the PRC tax authority may disregard the existence of the overseas holding company if it lacks a reasonable commercial
purpose and was established for the purpose of reducing
 avoiding or deferring PRC tax. As a result
 gains derived from such indirect
transfer may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax
 and the transferee or other person who is obligated to pay for the transfer
is obligated to withhold the applicable taxes
 currently at a rate of 10% for the transfer of equity interests in a PRC resident
enterprise.

On
October&nbsp;17
 2017
 the SAT issued a Notice Concerning Withholding Income Tax of Non-Resident Enterprise
 or SAT Notice No.&nbsp;37
which abolishes Circular&nbsp;698 and&nbsp;certain provisions of Circular 7. SAT Notice No.&nbsp;37 further reduces the burden
of the withholding obligator
 such as revocation of contract filing requirements and tax liquidation procedures
 strengthens the
cooperation of tax authorities in different places
 and clarifies the calculation of tax payable and mechanism of foreign exchange.

We
face uncertainties on the reporting and consequences on future private equity financing transactions
 share exchange or other
transactions involving the transfer of shares in our company by investors that are non-PRC resident enterprises. The PRC tax authorities
may pursue such non-resident enterprises with respect to a filing or the transferees with respect to withholding obligation
 and
request our PRC subsidiaries to assist in the filing. As a result
 we and non-resident enterprises in such transactions may become
at risk of being subject to filing obligations or being taxed
 under Circular 59 or Circular 7 and SAT Notice No.&nbsp;37
 and
may be required to expend valuable resources to comply with Circular 59
 Circular 7 and SAT Notice No.&nbsp;37 or to establish
that we and our non-resident enterprises should not be taxed under these circulars
 which may have a material adverse effect on
our financial condition and results of operations.

The
PRC tax authorities have the discretion under SAT Circular 59
 Circular 7 and SAT Notice No.&nbsp;37 to make adjustments to the
taxable capital gains based on the difference between the fair value of the taxable assets transferred and the cost of investment.
Although we currently have no plans to pursue any acquisitions in China or elsewhere in the world
 we may pursue acquisitions
in the future that may involve complex corporate structures. If we are considered a non-resident enterprise under the PRC Enterprise
Income Tax Law and if the PRC tax authorities make adjustments to the taxable income of the transactions under SAT Circular 59
or and SAT Notice No.&nbsp;37 and Circular 7
 our income tax costs associated with such potential acquisitions will be increased
which may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

Restrictions
on currency exchange may limit our ability to utilize our revenue effectively.

Substantially
all of our revenue is denominated in Renminbi. The Renminbi is currently convertible under the &ldquo;current account
&rdquo;
which includes dividends
 trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions
 but not under the &ldquo;capital account
&rdquo;
which includes foreign direct investment and loans. Currently
 our PRC subsidiaries
 which are wholly-foreign owned enterprises
may purchase foreign currency for settlement of &ldquo;current account transactions
&rdquo; including payment of dividends to
us
 without the approval of SAFE by complying with certain procedural requirements. However
 the relevant PRC governmental authorities
may limit or eliminate our ability to purchase foreign currencies in the future for current account transactions. Since a significant
amount of our future revenue will be denominated in Renminbi
 any existing and future restrictions on currency exchange may limit
our ability to utilize revenue generated in Renminbi to fund our business activities outside of the PRC or pay dividends in foreign
currencies to our shareholders. Foreign exchange transactions under the capital account remain subject to limitations and require
approvals from
 or registration with
 SAFE or banks and other relevant PRC governmental authorities. This could affect our ability
to obtain foreign currency through debt or equity financing for all of our PRC subsidiaries.



    
    


Fluctuations
in the foreign currency exchange rate between U.S. Dollars and Renminbi could adversely affect our financial condition.

The
value of the RMB against the U.S. dollar and other currencies may fluctuate. Exchange rates are affected by
 among other things
changes in political and economic conditions and the foreign exchange policy adopted by the PRC government. On July 21
 2005
the PRC government changed its policy of pegging the value of the RMB to the U.S. dollar. Under this policy
 the RMB is permitted
to fluctuate within a narrow and managed band against a basket of foreign currencies. Following the removal of the U.S. dollar
peg
 the RMB appreciated more than 20% against the U.S. dollar over three years. From July 2008 until June 2010
 however
 the
RMB traded stably within a narrow range against the U.S. dollar. On June 20
 2010
 the PBOC announced that the PRC government
would reform the RMB exchange rate regime and increase the flexibility of the exchange rate. Since June 2010
 the RMB has appreciated
more than 10% against the U.S. dollar. In April 2012
 the PRC government announced it would allow greater RMB exchange rate fluctuation.
On August 11
 12 and 13
 2015
 the PRC government successively set the central parity rate for the RMB more than 3% lower in the
aggregate than that of August 10
 2015 and announced that it will begin taking into account previous day&rsquo;s trading in setting
the central parity rate. In 2015
 the yuan experienced a 4.88% drop in value
 and on January 4
 2016 the PRC government set the
U.S. dollar-Chinese yuan currency pair to a reference rate of 6.5%
 the lowest rate in 4.5 years
 on January 6
 2017
 the reference
rate was 0.9% up-regulated by the PRC government. However
 it is difficult to predict how market forces or PRC or U.S. government
policy may impact the exchange rate between the RMB and the U.S. dollar in the future. As significant international pressure remains
on the PRC government to adopt a more flexible currency policy
 greater fluctuation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar could result.

Our
revenues and costs are mostly denominated in the RMB
 and a significant portion of our financial assets are also denominated in
the RMB. Any significant fluctuations in the exchange rate between the RMB and the U.S. dollar may materially adversely affect
our cash flows
 revenues
 earnings and financial position
 and the amount of and any dividends we may pay on our shares in U.S.
dollars. Fluctuations in the exchange rate between the RMB and the U.S. dollar could also result in foreign currency translation
losses for financial reporting purposes.

If
any dividend is declared in the future and paid in a foreign currency
 you may be taxed on a larger amount in U.S. dollars than
the U.S. dollar amount that you will actually ultimately receive.

If
you are a U.S. holder of our shares of Common Stock
 you will be taxed on the U.S. dollar value of your dividends
 if any
 at
the time you receive them
 even if you actually receive a smaller amount of U.S. dollars when the payment is in fact converted
into U.S. dollars. Specifically
 if a dividend is declared and paid in a foreign currency such as the RMB
 the amount of the dividend
distribution that you must include in your income as a U.S. holder will be the U.S. dollar value of the payments made in the foreign
currency
 determined at the spot rate of the foreign currency to the U.S. dollar on the date the dividend distribution is includible
in your income
 regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars. Thus
 if the value of the foreign currency
decreases before you actually convert the currency into U.S. dollars
 you will be taxed on a larger amount in U.S. dollars than
the U.S. dollar amount that you will actually ultimately receive.

Future
inflation in China may inhibit economic activity and adversely affect the combined company&rsquo;s operations.

The
Chinese economy has experienced periods of rapid expansion in recent years which can lead to high rates of inflation or deflation.
This has caused the PRC government to
 from time to time
 enact various corrective measures designed to restrict the availability
of credit or regulate growth and contain inflation. High inflation may in the future cause the PRC government to once again impose
controls on credit and/or prices
 or to take other action
 which could inhibit economic activity in China. Any action on the part
of the PRC government that seeks to control credit and/or prices may adversely affect the combined company&rsquo;s business operations.



    
    


PRC
laws and regulations have established more complex procedures for certain acquisitions of Chinese companies by foreign investors
which could make it more difficult for the combined company to pursue growth through acquisitions in China.

Further
to the Regulations on Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors
 or the New M&amp;A Rules
 the Anti-monopoly
Law of the PRC
 the Rules of Ministry of Commerce on Implementation of Security Review System of Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic
Enterprises by Foreign Investors promulgated by MOFCOM or the MOFCOM Security Review Rules
 was issued in August 2011
 which established
additional procedures and requirements that are expected to make merger and acquisition activities in China by foreign investors
more time-consuming and complex
 including requirements in some instances that MOFCOM be notified in advance of any change of
control transaction in which a foreign investor takes control of a PRC enterprise
 or that the approval from MOFCOM be obtained
in circumstances where overseas companies established or controlled by PRC enterprises or residents acquire affiliated domestic
companies. PRC laws and regulations also require certain merger and acquisition transactions to be subject to merger control review
and or security review.

The
MOFCOM Security Review Rules
 effective from September 1
 2011
 which implement the Notice of the General Office of the State
Council on Establishing the Security Review System for Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors promulgated
on February 3
 2011
 further provide that
 when deciding whether a specific merger or acquisition of a domestic enterprise by
foreign investors is subject to the security review by MOFCOM
 the principle of substance over form should be applied and foreign
investors are prohibited from bypassing the security review requirement by structuring transactions through proxies
 trusts
 indirect
investments
 leases
 loans
 control through agreements control or offshore transactions.

Further
if the business of any target company that the combined company seek to acquire falls into the scope of security review
 the combined
company may not be able to successfully acquire such company either by equity or asset acquisition
 capital contribution or through
any contractual agreements. The combined company may grow its business in part by acquiring other companies operating in its industry.
Complying with the requirements of the relevant regulations to complete such transactions could be time consuming
 and any required
approval processes
 including approval from MOFCOM
 may delay or inhibit its ability to complete such transactions
 which could
affect its ability to maintain or expand its market share.

In
addition
 SAFE promulgated the Circular on the Settlement of Foreign Currency Capital of Foreign-invested Enterprises
 or Circular
19
 on June 1
 2015. Under Circular 19
 registered capital of a foreign-invested company settled in RMB converted from foreign
currencies may only be used within the business scope approved by the applicable governmental authority and the equity investments
in the PRC made by the foreign-invested company shall be subject to the relevant laws and regulations about the foreign-invested
company&rsquo;s reinvestment in the PRC. In addition
 foreign-invested companies cannot use such capital to make the investments
on securities
 and cannot use such capital to issue the entrusted RMB loans (except approved in its business scope)
 repay the
RMB loans between the enterprises and the ones which have been transferred to the third party. Circular 19 may significantly limit
our ability to effectively use the proceeds from future financing activities as the Chinese subsidiaries may not convert the funds
received from us in foreign currencies into RMB
 which may adversely affect their liquidity and our ability to fund and expand
our business in the PRC.

SAFE
issued the Circular on Reforming and Regulating Policies on the Control over Foreign Exchange Settlement of Capital Accounts (&ldquo;Circular
16&rdquo;)
 on June 9
 2016
 which became effective simultaneously. Pursuant to Circular 16
 enterprises registered in the PRC
may also convert their foreign debts from foreign currency to RMB on self-discretionary basis. Circular 16 provides an integrated
standard for conversion of foreign exchange under capital account items (including but not limited to foreign currency capital
and foreign debts) on self-discretionary basis which applies to all enterprises registered in the PRC. Circular 16 reiterates
the principle that RMB converted from foreign currency-denominated capital of a company may not be directly or indirectly used
for purpose beyond its business scope or prohibited by PRC Laws or regulations
 while such converted RMB shall not be provide
as loans to its non-affiliated entities. As Circular 16 is newly issued and SAFE has not provided detailed guidelines with respect
to its interpretation or implementation
 it is uncertain how these rules will be interpreted and implemented.



    
    


Failure
to comply with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and Chinese anti-corruption laws could subject us to penalties
and other adverse consequences.

As
our shares are listed on OTC Pink Market
 we are subject to the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
 which generally prohibits
United States companies from engaging in bribery or other prohibited payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining
or retaining business. Non-U.S. companies
 including some that may compete with us
 may not be subject to these prohibitions.
In addition
 in 2012
 the central government of the PRC commenced a far-reaching campaign against corruption. That ongoing campaign
involves aggressive enforcement of existing Chinese anti-corruption laws. Corruption
 extortion
 bribery
 pay-offs
 theft and
other fraudulent practices may occur from time-to-time in the PRC. Our employees or other agents may engage in such conduct for
which we might be held responsible. If our employees or other agents are found to have engaged in such practices
 we could suffer
severe penalties and other consequences that may have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results
of operations.

SEC
administrative proceedings against the China affiliates of multi-national accounting firms
 and/or any related adverse regulatory
development in the PRC
 may result in our financial statements being determined to not be in compliance with the requirements
of the Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 or the Exchange Act.

In
December 2012
 the SEC brought administrative proceedings against five major accounting firms in China alleging that they had
refused to produce audit work papers and other documents related to certain other China-based companies under investigation by
the SEC. On January 22
 2014
 an initial administrative law decision was issued
 censuring these accounting firms and suspending
four of these firms from practicing before the SEC for a period of six months. The decision is neither final nor legally effective
unless and until reviewed and approved by the SEC. On February 12
 2014
 four of these PRC-based accounting firms appealed to
the SEC against this decision. In February 2015
 each of the four PRC-based accounting firms agreed to a censure and to pay a
fine to the SEC to settle the dispute and avoid suspension of their ability to practice before the SEC. The settlement requires
the firms to follow detailed procedures to seek to provide the SEC with access to Chinese firms&rsquo; audit documents via the
Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. If the firms do not follow these procedures
 the SEC could restart the administrative
proceedings.

In
the event that the SEC restarts the administrative proceedings or initiates new proceedings against other firms
 depending upon
the final outcome
 listed companies in the United States with major PRC operations may find it difficult or impossible to retain
auditors in respect of their operations in the PRC
 which could result in financial statements being determined to not be in compliance
with the requirements of the Exchange Act
 including possible delisting. Moreover
 any negative news about the proceedings against
these audit firms may cause investor uncertainty regarding China-based
 United States-listed companies and the market price of
our shares may be adversely affected.

If
our independent registered public accounting firm was denied
 even temporarily
 the ability to practice before the SEC and we
were unable to timely find another registered public accounting firm to audit and issue an opinion on our financial statements
our financial statements could be determined not to be in compliance with the requirements of the Exchange Act. Such a determination
could ultimately lead to our deregistration from the SEC
 which would substantially reduce or effectively terminate the trading
of our shares in the United States.

If
our management following our Business Combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws
 they may have to expend time
and resources becoming familiar with such laws
 which could lead to various regulatory issues.

Following
our initial Acquisition
 our management will likely resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the
management of the target business at the time of the Acquisition will remain in place. Management of the target business may not
be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with these laws
 they may have to expend time
and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory
issues
 which may adversely affect our operations.



    
    


If
we become directly subject to the recent scrutiny
 criticism and negative publicity involving U.S.-listed Chinese companies
 we
may have to expend significant resources to investigate and resolve the matter which could harm our business operations and our
reputation and could result in a loss of your investment in our shares
 especially if such matter cannot be addressed and resolved
favorably.

U.S.
public companies that have substantially all of their operations in China have been the subject of intense scrutiny
 criticism
and negative publicity by investors
 financial commentators and regulatory agencies
 such as the SEC. Much of the scrutiny
 criticism
and negative publicity has centered around financial and accounting irregularities
 a lack of effective internal controls over
financial accounting
 inadequate corporate governance policies or a lack of adherence thereto and
 in many cases
 allegations
of fraud. As a result of the scrutiny
 criticism and negative publicity
 the publicly traded stock of many U.S. listed Chinese
companies has sharply decreased in value and
 in some cases
 has become virtually worthless. Many of these companies are now subject
to shareholder lawsuits and SEC enforcement actions and are conducting internal and external investigations into the allegations.
It is not clear what effect this sector-wide scrutiny
 criticism and negative publicity will have on our company and our business.
If we become the subject of any unfavorable allegations
 whether such allegations are proven to be true or untrue
 we will have
to expend significant resources to investigate such allegations and/or defend the Company. This situation may be a major distraction
to our management. If such allegations are not proven to be groundless
 our company and business operations will be severely hampered
and your investment in our stock could be rendered worthless.

The
disclosures in our reports and other filings with the SEC and our other public pronouncements are not subject to the scrutiny
of any regulatory bodies in the PRC.

Our
reports and other filings with the SEC are subject to SEC review in accordance with the rules and regulations promulgated by the
SEC under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. Our SEC filings and other disclosure and public pronouncements are not subject
to the review or scrutiny of any PRC regulatory authority. For example
 the disclosure in our SEC reports and other filings are
not subject to the review by CSRC
 a PRC regulator that is tasked with oversight of the capital markets in China. Accordingly
you should review our SEC reports
 filings and our other public pronouncements with the understanding that no local regulator
has done any review of our company
 our SEC reports
 other filings or any of our other public pronouncements.

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

Not
applicable to a smaller reporting company.

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES

Our
headquarters are located at Building 22
 Baihui Shoufu
 Xinghuacun Town
 Fenyang City
 Shanxi Province
 China
 where we own the
property with an aggregate floor area of approximately 1561.6 square meters. This includes Huaxin&rsquo;s sales and marketing
office
 communication and business development office and our management and operations facilities.

Huaxin
currently leases from Fenyang Baihui Real Estate Co.
 Ltd. on an arm&rsquo;s length basis
 approximately 50 square meters of office
space at No.2
 &nbsp;Floor
 Block A4
 Baihui Shoufu
 Xinghuacun Town
 Fenyang City
 Shanxi Province
 China under
a lease that expires on September 6
 2019 and can be renewed subject to mutual agreements by both parties.

Huaxin
also currently leases from Taiyuan Xiangyu Enterprise Management Consulting Co. Ltd. on an arm&rsquo;s length basis
 approximately
100 square meters of office space at No.5
 Unit 1
 Building 2
 No. 343
 Fenyang Road
 Xiaodian District
 Taiyuan City
 Shanxi
Province
 China under a lease that expires on November 9
 2019 and can be renewed subject to mutual agreements by both parties.

Huaxin
also currently leasse from Shanxi Zhanpeng Metal Products Co.
 Ltd. on an arm&rsquo;s length basis
 approximately 1
000 square
meters of office space at No. 2
 South Hero Road
 Fenyang City
 Shanxi Province
 China under a lease that expires on March 9
2021 and can be renewed subject to mutual agreements by both parties.



    
    


Huaxin
also currently leases from Ms. Jiangmei Guo on an arm&rsquo;s length basis
 approximately 140 square meters of office space at
No. 1011
 Unit 2
 Unit 1
 Wenxingyuan
 Xiaodian District
 Fenyang City
 Shanxi Province
 China under a lease that expires on December
8
 2019 and can be renewed subject to mutual agreements by both parties.&nbsp;

Huaxin
also currently leases from Mr. Genshan Zhao on an arm&rsquo;s length basis
 approximately 60 square meters of office space at
Room 915
 Wufeng International
 No. 11 Zhenxing Street
 High-Tech Zone
 Taiyuan City
 Shanxi Province
 China under a lease that
expires on September 30
 2019 and can be renewed subject to mutual agreements by both parties.

Huaxin
also currently leases from Mr. Jianhong Zhang on an arm&rsquo;s length basis
 approximately 50 square meters of office space at
Room 903
 9th Floor
 Wufeng International Building
 High-tech Development Zone
 Taiyuan City
 Shanxi Province
 China under a lease
that expires on September 20
 2019 and can be renewed subject to mutual agreements by both parties.

In
addition
 Huaxin currently leases from Fenyang City Jiudu Xinhua Liquor Trading Center Co.
 Ltd. on an arm&rsquo;s length basis
approximately 1
200 square meters of warehouse space at South District if Shudao Avenue
 High-Speed Exit
 Xinghua Village
 Fenyang
City
 Shanxi Province
 China under a lease that expires on January 11
 2020 and can be renewed subject to mutual agreements by
both parties.

We
believe that our current facilities are adequate and suitable for our operations.

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

Currently
there are no legal proceedings pending or threatened against the Company. However
 from time to time
 we may become involved in
various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties
and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise.

ITEM
4.&nbsp;MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not
applicable.



    
    


PART
II

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES (U.S. Dollars)

Market
Information

There
is a limited public market for our common stock. Our common stock trades on the OTC Pink marketplace under the symbol &ldquo;ORNC&rdquo;.
The OTC Pink marketplace is a quotation service that displays real-time quotes
 last-sale prices
 and volume information in over-the-counter
(&ldquo;OTC&rdquo;) equity securities. An OTC Pink equity security generally is any equity that is not listed or traded on a national
securities exchange.

OTC
Pink securities are not listed or traded on the floor of an organized national or regional stock exchange. Instead
 OTC Pink securities
transactions are conducted through a telephone and computer network connecting dealers in stocks. OTC Pink issuers are traditionally
smaller companies that do not meet the financial and other listing requirements of a regional or national stock exchange.

Price
Range of Common Stock

The
following table shows
 for the periods indicated
 the high and low bid prices per share of our common stock as reported by the
OTC Pink quotation service. These bid prices represent prices quoted by broker-dealers on the OTC Pink quotation service. The
quotations reflect inter-dealer prices
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commissions
 and may not represent actual transactions.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    


Stockholders
of Record

As
of September 3
 2019 there were approximately 63 stockholders of record of our Common Stock.

Preferred
Stock

The
Company does not have any preferred stock
 authorized or issued.



There
are currently no outstanding warrants.



There
are currently no outstanding options.



The
Company has not declared any cash dividends with respect to its Common Stock and does not intend to declared dividends in the
foreseeable future. The future dividend policy of the Company cannot be ascertained with any certainty
 and until the Company
completes any acquisition
 reorganization or merger
 as to which no assurance may be given
 no such policy will be formulated.
There are no material restrictions limiting
 or that are likely to limit
 the Company&rsquo;s ability to pay dividends on its
Common Stock.

Securities
authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans

None;
not applicable&nbsp;

Purchase
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers.



Transfer
Agent and Registrar

Issuer
Direct Corporation (formerly known as &ldquo;Interwest Transfer Company
 Inc.&rdquo;) has been appointed as our transfer agent
and registrar for our Common Stock. Its mailing address is 1981 Murray Holladay Road
 Suite 100 Salt Lake City
 UT 84117 and their
phone number is 801-272-9294.

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

Not
applicable to a smaller reporting company.



    
    


ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Chinese Renminbi)

On
June 29
 2018
 Oranco
 Inc. completed and closed a share exchange (the &ldquo;Share Exchange&rdquo;) under a Share Exchange Agreement
(the &ldquo;Share Exchange Agreement&rdquo;)
 entered into by (i) Oranco
 Inc. ( &ldquo;the Company&rdquo;); (ii) Reliant Galaxy
International Limited
 a British Virgin Islands company with limited liability ( &ldquo;Reliant&rdquo;); (ii) and the shareholders
of Reliant (&ldquo;Sellers&rdquo;) pursuant to which Reliant became a wholly owned subsidiary of ours. Pursuant to the Share Exchange
Agreement
 the company acquired from the Sellers all of the issued and outstanding equity interests of Reliant in exchange for
349
296
000 newly-issued shares of common stock; 28
000
000 were issued at the closing date of June 29
 2018
 and the remaining
321
296
000 shares were issued to the Sellers on May 29
 2019. As a result of the Share Exchange
 the Sellers
 as the former shareholders
of Reliant
 became the controlling shareholders of the company. The Share Exchange was accounted for under the business combination
under common control method of accounting.

On
September 1
 2018
 Fenyang Huaxin Spirit Development Co.. Ltd.
 a subsidiary of the company
 acquired 20% equity interest in Guangzhou
Silicon Technology Co.
 Ltd.
 a company established in the People&rsquo;s Republic of China. The acquisition of 20% equity interest
in Guangzhou Silicon Technology Co.
 Ltd. was accounted for as an interest in an associate

As
disclosed in the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on&nbsp;August 7
 2019
 the Company filed a Certificate
of Change Pursuant to NRS 78.209 (the &ldquo;Certificate of Amendment&rdquo;) with the Secretary of State of Nevada to effect
a ten-for-one reverse stock split of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
 par value $0.001 per
share (the &ldquo;Reverse Split). The Certificate of Change was filed on July 22
 2019 and the Reverse Split became effective
on August 7
 2019
 and the Common Stock began trading on a reverse stock split-adjusted basis on The OTC Market on the opening
of trading on August 7
 2019. The trading symbol for Company&rsquo;s common stock will remain as &ldquo;ORNC&rdquo;.






    


 2019


 2018
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
104
270
083
15
188
650
101
759
660
15
378
287
2
510
423
    
(189
637
    

    
31
073
778
4
526
406
27
800
667
4
201
337
3
273
111
    
325
069
    

    
73
196
305
10
662
244
73
958
993
11
176
950
(762
688
    
(514
706
    

    
3
928
466
572
246
5
477
457
827
773
(1
548
991
    
(255
527
    

    
10
018
732
1
459
393
7
109
937
1
074
479
2
908
795
    
384
914
    

    
59
249
107
8
630
605
61
371
599
9
274
698
(2
122
492
    
(644
093
    

    
133
321
19
420
155
700
23
530
(22
379
    
(4
110
    

    
73
925
10
768
1
759
325
265
876
(1
685
400
    
(255
108
    

    
59
308
503
8
639
257
59
767
974
9
032
352
519
279
    
(393
095
    

    
19
328
073
2
815
451
15
095
681
2
281
314
4
232
392
    
534
137
    

    
39
980
430
5
823
806
44
672
293
6
751
038
(4
691
863
    
(927
232
    




    
    







    

    2019

 2018
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
96
609
849
14
072
811
    
86
358
407
13
050
794
    
10
251
442
    
1
022
017
    

    
7
660
234
1
115
839
    
15
401
253
2
327
493
    
(7
741
019
    
(1
211
654
    

    
104
270
083
15
188
650
    
101
759
660
15
378
287
    
2
510
423
    
(189
637
    



For
the years ended June 30
 2019 and 2018
 revenue generated from our Fenjiu liquor to marketer and wholesaler business was RMB96
609
849
(USD14
072
811) and RMB86
358
407 (USD13
050
794)
 respectively
 which represented an increase of RMB10
251
442 (USD1
022
017)
or 11.9% (7.8%). The increase of revenue generated from our Fenjiu liquor to marketer and wholesaler business was mainly due to
the increased sales volume of our Fenjiu liquor products. Our brand identity and pricing strategy have contributed to the success
of our Fenjiu liquor business.

For
the years ended June 30
 2019 and 2018
 revenue generated from our imported wine to marketer and wholesaler business was RMB7
660
234
(USD1
115
839) and RMB15
401
253 (USD2
327
493)
 respectively
 which represented a decrease of RMB7
741
019 (USD1
211
654) or
50.3% (52.1%). The Company adopted a strategy to focus on selling products with relatively higher profit margins and to reduce
selling products with relatively lower profit margins. This accounts for the decrease in our revenue stream. The proportion to
the sales on these products were different for the years ended June 30
 2019 and 2018.

Cost
of Sales



    

 2019

 2018
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
28
894
238
4
208
920
    
23
250
121
3
513
642
    
5
644
117
    
695
278
    

    
2
179
540
317
486
    
4
550
546
687
695
    
(2
371
006
    
(370
209
    

    
31
073
778
4
526
406
    
27
800
667
4
201
337
    
3
273
111
    
325
069
    


For
the years ended June 30
 2019 and 2018
 cost of sales from our Fenjiu liquor to marketer and wholesaler business was RMB28
894
238
(USD4
208
920) and RMB23
250
121 (USD3
513
642)
 respectively
 which represented an increase of RMB5
644
117 (RMB695
278) or 24.3%
(19.8%). The increase of cost of sales was mainly due to increased sales volume.

For
the years ended June 30
 2019 and 2018
 cost of sales from our imported wine to marketer and wholesaler business was RMB2
179
540
(USD317
486) and RMB4
550
546 (USD687
695)
 respectively
 which represented a decrease of RMB2
371
006 (USD370
209) or 52.1% (53.8%).
The Company adopted a strategy to focus on selling products with relatively higher profit margins and to reduce selling products
with relatively lower profit margins. This accounted for the decrease in our revenue stream. The sales proportions on these products
were different for the years ended June 30
 2019 and 2018.



    
    


Gross
Profit



    

 2019

 2018
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
67
715
611
9
863
891
    
63
108
286
9
537
152
    
4
607
325
    
326
739
    

    
5
480
694
798
353
    
10
850
707
1
639
798
    
(5
370
013
    
(841
445
    

    
73
196
305
10
662
244
    
73
958
993
11
176
950
    
(762
688
    
(514
706
    


Gross
profit from our Fenjiu liquor to marketer and wholesaler business increased by RMB4
607
325 (USD326
739) or 7.3% (3.4%) for the
year ended June 30
 2019
 as compared to the same period of 2018. The gross profit contribution percentage of Fenjiu liquor was
70.1% (70.1%) for the year ended June 30
 2019
 as compared to 73.1% (73.1%) for the same period of 2018. The slight decrease
in gross profit margin primarily represented the effect of pricing strategy.

Gross
profit from our imported wine decreased by RMB5
370
013 (USD841
445) or 49.5% (51.3%) for the year ended June 30
 2019
 as compared
to the same period of 2018. The overall gross profit contribution percentage of imported wine was slightly increased that 71.5%
(71.5%) was recorded for the year ended June 30
 2019
 as compared to 70.5% (70.5%) for the same period of 2018. The Company adopted
a strategy to focus on selling products with relatively higher profit margins and to reduce selling products with relatively lower
profit margins.

Selling
and Distribution Expenses

For
the year ended June 30
 2019
 our selling and distribution expenses were RMB3
945
088 (USD574
667)
 representing a decrease of
RMB1
532
369 (USD253
106) or 28.0% (30.6%)
 as compared to the same period of 2018. The decrease was primarily due to decreased
packaging and advertising expenses during the year ended June 30
 2019
 as compared to the same period of 2018.

Administrative
Expense

For
the year ended June 30
 2019
 our administrative expenses were RMB10
018
732 (USD1
459
393)
 representing an increase of RMB2
908
795
(USD239
922) or 40.9% (22.3%)
 as compared to that of the same period in 2018. The increase was primarily due to salaries
 foreign
exchange differences
 investor relationship expenses
 and regulatory fees.

Other
Income

For
the year ended June 30
 2019
 our other income was RMB133
321 (USD19
420)
 representing a decrease of RMB22
379 (USD4
110) or
14.4% (17.5%)
 as compared to that of the same period in 2018. The decrease was primarily due to the decreased write-back of other
receivables.

Interest
and Other Financial Charges

For
the year ended June 30
 2019
 our interest and other financial charges were RMB73
925 (USD10
768) as compared to interest and
other financial charges of RMB1
759
325 (USD265
876) in the same period of 2018. The decrease in interest and other financial
charges was primarily due to decreased bank borrowings. For the year ended June 30
 2019
 the Company borrowed RMB2
250
000 (USD327
750)
as compared to RMB27
000
000 (USD4
080
338) for the year ended June 30
 2018.



    
    


Income
Taxes

For
the years ended June 30
 2019 and 2018
 our income taxes increased by RMB4
232
392 (USD534
137) or 28.0% (23.4%) to RMB19
328
073
(USD2
815
451) for the year ended June 30
 2019 from RMB15
095
681 (USD2
281
314) for the year ended June 30
 2018. The increase
in the income taxes was primarily due to increased taxable income and higher tax disallowable expenses for the period indicated.

Liquidity
and Capital Resources

Operating
Activities



775
085
(USD4
337
230) and RMB47
292
147 (USD7
146
960) of cash in the years of 2019 and 2018
 respectively. The decrease of RMB17
517
062
(USD4
337
230) in 2019 was primarily a result of change in net operating assets in 2019 when compared with 2018.


691
863 (USD927
232)
to RMB39
980
430 (USD5
823
806) for the year ended June 30
 2019 from RMB44
672
293 (USD6
751
038) for the year ended June 30
2018.


a net increase of RMB1
879
958 (USD273
847) compared to a net increase of RMB13
583
343 (USD2
052
764) for the years ended June
30
 2019 and 2018
 respectively.


 prepayments and
other receivables included a net decrease of RMB12
360
934 (USD1
298
630) compared to a net decrease of RMB13
659
564 (USD2
064
283)
for the years ended June 30
 2019 and 2018
 respectively.


 accruals
and other payables included a net decrease of RMB141
857 (USD20
664) compared to a net increase of RMB305
431 (USD46
158) for the
years ended June 30
 2019 and 2018
 respectively.


056
786 (USD153
938) compared to
a net increase of RMB577
029 (USD87
203) for the years ended June 30
 2019 and 2018
 respectively.





366
081
(USD781
658) and generated RMB5
408 (USD817) for the years ended June 30
 2019 and 2018
 respectively.


000 (USD43
700) used in
2019 and Nil used in 2018 respectively were primarily related to the payments for acquisition of additional interest in subsidiary.


066
081 (USD737
958) used
in 2019 and RMB401
305 (USD60
647) used in 2018 respectively were primarily related to the payments for acquisition of property
plant
 and equipment.


713 (USD61
464)
in 2018 was primarily related to the merger of the Company and Reliant.




250
000
(USD327
749) for the years ended June 30
 2019 and used RMB27
400
000 (USD4
104
787) for the year ended June 30
 2018.


000
(USD60
449) used in 2018 respectively were primarily related to the payments for acquisition of additional interest in subsidiary.


250
000 (USD327
750) provided
in 2019 were primarily related to net proceeds of bank borrowings.


000
000 (USD4
080
338) used in 2018 were primarily
related to net repayment of bank borrowings.



    
    


ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK &nbsp;&nbsp;

Not
applicable to a smaller reporting company.

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

The
consolidated financial statements of the Company are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K beginning on page F-1
 which
are incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE



ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Evaluation
of disclosure controls and procedures

We
are required to maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in our reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within
the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission&rsquo;s rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management
 including our chief executive officer (also our principal executive officer) and our chief
financial officer (also our principal financial and accounting officer) to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

Pursuant
to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (&ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)
 the Company&rsquo;s management
 including
the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer (&ldquo;CEO&rdquo;) (the Company&rsquo;s principal executive officer) and Chief Financial
Officer (&ldquo;CFO&rdquo;) (the Company&rsquo;s principal financial and accounting officer)
 has evaluated the effectiveness
of the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end
of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation the Company&rsquo;s CEO and CFO concluded that the Company&rsquo;s
disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of June 30
 2019 to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by the Company in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act
 is recorded
 processed
 summarized and
reported
 within the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to the Company&rsquo;s management
 including the Company&rsquo;s CEO and CFO
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. The principal basis for this conclusion is the lack of segregation of duties within our financial function
and the lack of an operating Audit Committee.

Management&rsquo;s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control
over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a
process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 the company&rsquo;s principal executive and principal financial officers and
effected by the company&rsquo;s board of directors
 management and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America and includes those policies and procedures that:



    
    
Apply
    to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of
    the assets of the company;




    
    
Provide
    reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
    with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and that receipts and expenditures of the company
    are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and




    
    
Provide
    reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of the company&rsquo;s
    assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.




    
    


Because
of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems
no matter how well designed
 have inherent limitations. Therefore
 even those systems determined to be effective can provide only
reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Because of the inherent limitations of
internal control
 there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control
over financial reporting. However
 these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore
it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce
 though not eliminate
 this risk.

We
carried out an assessment
 under the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our CEO and CFO
 of the
effectiveness of the design and operation of our internal controls over financial reporting
 as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as of June 30
 2019. Integrated Framework (2013). Based on that assessment and
on those criteria
 our CEO and CFO concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of June 30
2019. The principal basis for this conclusion is failure to engage sufficient resources in regards to our accounting and reporting
obligations.&nbsp;&nbsp;

Attestation
Report of Registered Public Accounting Firm

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm
 regarding
internal controls over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting was not subject to such attestation
as we are a smaller reporting company.

Changes
in internal controls

As
reported on the Form 8-K filed by the Company with the SEC on December 7
 2018
 Ronald Zhang resigned from the Company as the
Chief Financial Officer (&ldquo;CFO&rdquo;) on December 3
 2018. Following Mr. Zhang&rsquo;s departure
 the Board appointed Sze
Lok (Patrick) Wong as CFO effective as of December 3
 2018.

Other
than the foregoing
 there was no change in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered
by this report
 which has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal controls over financial
reporting

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION






    
    




ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE




 age and titles of our executive
officer and director is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
OR APPOINTED

    
    
    
    
    
    
Director
 President and Secretary
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



Mr. Peng Yang took office
on January 5
 2018.




    
Mr. Ronald Zhang resigned as the Company&rsquo;s CFO on December 3
 2018.

    
Mr. Sze Lok (Patrick) Wong was appointed as the Company&rsquo;s CFO on December 3
 2018.



 age 26
 has international
business and management experience from his positions working with Huaxin
 a company engaged in wine trading and Reliant Investment
(Group) Limited
 an investment company. He has served as the general manager assistant and overseas affairs manager of Huaxin since
2015 and as limited director of Reliant Investment (Group) Limited since 2016. Mr. Yang is a leading member of our sophisticated
and long-serving management team who has experience in alcohol marketing and has led us through multiple business breakthroughs.
Mr. Yang holds a bachelors of engineering degree
 with honors
 from the University of Auckland in New Zealand in 2016.


 age 46
 has substantial
experience in corporate finance
 financial planning
 financial risks and financial reporting. He has served as the executive director
of Guangzhou Double 3D Technology Limited since June 2017. From January 2010 to April 2017
 Mr. Zhang served as the executive director
of Moon Treasure Limited. Mr. Zhang received his GAAP Certificate from the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants in
June
 2018. He received his Bachelor of Arts in Accounting from Edinburgh Napier University in 1999 and his Master of Laws from
the University of Wolverhampton in 2014.

Mr. Wong

 before joining
the Group
 he had served as the CFO of Amax International Holdings Limited since October 2012. From January 2007 to July 2012
Mr. Wong served as the Senior Manager of Crowe CPA Group. From January 2006 to December 2006
 Mr. Wang served as the Head of Internal
Audit Department of Intac International Company. Mr. Wang is a fellow of Institute of Chartered Accountants in England &amp; Wales
and is a Certified Information Systems Auditor of Information Systems Audit and Control Association. He received his Bachelor of
Accountancy with honors from Hong Kong Polytechnic University. He received his Master of Management from Macquarie Graduate School
of Management.




requirements of any national securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system which has requirements that a majority of the
board of directors be &ldquo;independent&rdquo; and
 as a result
 we are not at this time required to have our Board of Directors
comprised of a majority of &ldquo;independent directors.&rdquo; None of our directors are independent directors under the applicable
standards.




officers.




has been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
being subject to any order
 judgment
 or decree
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
 permanently or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting his or her involvement in any type of business
 securities or banking activities; or

    
    
    

    
    
being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action)
 the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law
 and the judgment has not been reversed
 suspended
 or vacated.




    
    





any committees of the Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors may designate from among its members an executive committee and
one or more other committees in the future. We do not have a nominating committee or a nominating committee charter. Further
 we
do not have a policy with regard to the consideration of any director candidates recommended by security holders. To date
 other
than as described above
 no security holders have made any such recommendations. The entire Board of Directors performs all functions
that would otherwise be performed by committees. Given the present size of our board
 it is not practical for us to have committees.
If we are able to grow our business and increase our operations
 we intend to expand the size of our board and allocate responsibilities
accordingly.




this time. The entire Board of Directors oversees our audits and auditing procedures. Neither of our directors is an &ldquo;audit
committee financial expert&rdquo; within the meaning of Item 407(d)(5) of SEC Regulation S-K.




at this time. The entire Board of Directors oversees the functions which would be performed by a compensation committee.




that applies to the Company&rsquo;s principal executive officer
 principal financial officer
 principal accounting officer or controller
which was attached as Exhibit 99.1 to the March 29
 2004 10KSB for the period ended 12/31/2003.




has received any remuneration or compensation from the Company in the past three fiscal years
 nor has any member of the Company&rsquo;s
management been granted any option or stock appreciation right. Accordingly
 no tables relating to such items have been included
within this Item. Besides Sze Lok (Patrick) Wong
 none of our employees is subject to a written employment agreement. None of our
officer has received a cash salary since our founding. The Company has no agreement or understanding
 express or implied
 with
any director
 officer or principal stockholder
 or their affiliates or associates
 regarding compensation in the form of salary
bonuses
 stocks
 options
 warrants or any other form of remuneration
 for services performed on behalf of the Company. Nor are
there compensatory plans or arrangements
 including payments to any officer in relation to resignation
 retirement
 or other termination
of employment
 or any change in control of the Company
 or a change in the officer&rsquo;s responsibilities following a change
in control of the Company.



    
    


ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS


with respect to the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of September 3
 2019
 by (i) each stockholder known by us to be the
beneficial owner of more than 5% of our Common Stock (our only class of voting securities)
 (ii) each of our directors and executive
officers
 and (iii) all of our directors and executive officers as a group. To the best of our knowledge
 except as otherwise indicated
each of the persons named in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of our Common Stock beneficially
owned by such person
 except to the extent such power may be shared with a spouse. To our knowledge
 none of the shares listed
below are held under a voting trust or similar agreement
 except as noted. To our knowledge
 there is no arrangement
 including
any pledge by any person of securities of the Company or any of its parents
 the operation of which may at a subsequent date result
in a change in control of the Company.



    
    
    

 One Liberty Plaza
 Suite 2310 PMB# 21
 New York
 NY 10006
32
207
945
    

    
    
    


 Suite 2310 PMB# 21
 New York
 NY 10006
    
    

    
    
    

    
32
207
945
    




    
Percentage is calculated based on 41
948
748 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding as of September 3
 2019.

    
Includes 5
312
153 shares of Common Stock held of record by Million Success Business Limited
 an entity controlled by Peng Yang
 our CEO.


ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
 RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND
DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE


 2019
 the Company had an
amount of RMB 13
140
349 due from Mr. Peng Yang
 our director
 and an amount of RMB 109
371
717 due to Mr. Peng Yang. As of June
30
 2018
 the Company had an amount of RMB 12
940
841 due from Mr. Peng Yang
 our director
 and an amount of RMB 108
115
423 due
to Mr. Peng Yang. The Company&rsquo;s loan due to Mr. Peng Yang does not bear interest and are due on demand. These amounts due
to and due from Mr. Peng Yang are eligible to net off against each other.


dealing with related party matters.

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND
SERVICES&nbsp;(Chinese Renminbi)



were billed for the audit and other services for 2019 and 2018.




    
    
    

    
1
360
544
832
069

    
    
1
185
350

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
360
544
2
017
419






 &mdash; This category
includes the audit of our annual financial statements
 review of financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form
10-Q and services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection with engagements
for those fiscal years. This category also includes advice on audit and accounting matters that arose during
 or as a result of
the audit or the review of interim financial statements.


related services by the independent registered public accounting firm that is reasonably related to the performance of the audit
or review of our financial statements and is not reported above under &ldquo;Audit Fees.&rdquo; The services for the fees disclosed
under this category include consultation regarding our correspondence with the Securities and Exchange Commission and other accounting
consulting.


 &mdash; This category consists
of professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm for tax compliance and tax advice. The services
for the fees disclosed under this category include tax return preparation and technical tax advice.

 &mdash; This category consists of fees
for other miscellaneous items.


for pre-approval of all fees charged by our independent registered public accounting firm. &nbsp;Under the procedure
 the Board
approves the engagement letter with respect to audit and review services. &nbsp;Other fees are subject to pre-approval by the Board
or
 in the period between meetings
 by a designated member of Board. &nbsp;Any such approval by the designated member is disclosed
to the entire Board at the next meeting. &nbsp;The audit fees that were paid to the auditors with respect to 2019 were pre-approved
by the entire Board of Directors.



    
    




ITEM 15. EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES







    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    







been omitted
 since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of
the schedule
 or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.








    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Initial Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K exhibit 3.1 filed with the SEC on November 18
 1999)

    
    
Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K exhibit 3.2 filed with the SEC on November 18
 1999)

    
    
By-Laws (incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K&nbsp;&nbsp;exhibit 3.2 filed with the SEC on November 18
 1999)

    
    
Share Exchange Agreement
 dated as of June 29
 2018
 by and among ORNC.
 Reliant and the shareholders of Reliant (incorporated by reference to our Form 8-K exhibit 2.1 filed with the SEC on July 6
 2018)

    
    
Partnership Agreement
 dated as of June 30
 2017
 by and between the Registrant and Shanxi Xinghuacun Liquor Group Spirit Development Zone Sales Co.
 Ltd. (incorporated by reference to our Form 8-K exhibit 10.1 filed with the SEC on September 14
 2018)

    
    
Employment Agreement between the Company and Sze Lok (Patrick) Wong
 dated December 3
 2018 (incorporated by reference to our Form 8-K exhibit 10.1 filed with the SEC on December 07
 2018)

    
    
Certification of Principal Executive Officer
 pursuant to SEC Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a)
 adopted pursuant Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002

    
    
Certification of Principal Financial Officer
 pursuant to SEC Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a)
 adopted pursuant Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002

    
    
Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

    
    
Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



















    
    





13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



Date: September 3
 2019
ORANCO
 INC.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
President
 Secretary
 and Director




    
    
















 INC.




 2019

















    
    


ORANCO
 INC.





    
    

    
    

    
    

Financial
    Statements:
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
F-7
    - F-24



    
    


REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM


of Oranco
 Inc.

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial
Statements


statement of Balance Sheets of Oranco
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of June 30
 2019 and 2018
 and the related consolidated
statements of operations
 shareholders&rsquo; equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended June 30
 2019
and the related notes (collectively referred to as the &ldquo;consolidated financial statements&rdquo;). In our opinion
 the consolidated
financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of June 30
 2019 and 2018
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the periods ended June 30
 2019
 in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.




are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.


the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have
nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
 we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.


to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.



    
    



since 2018.



 UK


 2019&nbsp;



    
    


ORANCO
 INC.


 except for number of shares and per
share data)



    
June 30

June 30


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
26
504
962
53
163
966
7
744
205

    
7
346
549
6
900
988
1
005
242

    
33
933
857
32
053
899
4
669
177


 prepayments and other receivables
33
249
590
45
610
523
6
643
922

    
109
680
547
180
79
706

    
101
144
638
138
276
556
20
142
252

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
1
000
000
145
666


 plant and equipment
3
296
146
3
124
224
455
095

    
4
909
420
9
362
240
1
363
764

    
8
205
566
13
486
464
1
964
525

    
109
350
204
151
763
020
22
106
777

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
44
636
247
685
36
079


 accruals and other payables
5
140
025
5
698
168
830
032

    
96
231
368
13
392
777
1
950
878

    
2
928
207
3
406
187
496
167

    
    
2
250
000
327
749

    
104
344
236
24
994
817
3
640
905

    
    
    
    

    
    
81
781
805
11
912
863

    
104
344
236
106
776
622
15
553
768

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
100
000
000
50
000
000
50
000
000

    
98
191
480
41
948
748
41
948
748

    
321
296
000
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
638
708
2
765
228
402
801

    
2
126
520
    
    

    
2
240
740
42
221
170
6
150
208

    
5
005
968
44
986
398
6
553
009

    
109
350
204
151
763
020
22
106
777



part of the consolidated financial statements.&nbsp;


    
    


ORANCO
 INC.


 except for number
of shares and per share data)



    
 June 30

 June 30


    
    
    
    

    
101
759
660
104
270
083
15
188
650

    
101
759
660
104
270
083
15
188
650

    
    
    
    

    
27
800
667
31
073
778
4
526
406

    
5
477
457
3
928
466
572
246

    
7
109
937
10
018
732
1
459
393

    
40
388
061
45
020
976
6
558
045

    
    
    
    

    
155
700
133
321
19
420

    
1
759
325
73
925
10
768

    
59
767
974
59
308
503
8
639
257

    
    
    
    

    
15
095
681
19
328
073
2
815
451

    
44
672
293
39
980
430
5
823
806

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
43
313
447
39
980
430
5
823
806

    
1
358
846
    
    

    
44
672
293
39
980
430
5
823
806

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



part of the consolidated financial statements.&nbsp;


    
    


ORANCO
 INC.

EQUITY

 except for number
of shares and per share data)



    
    
capital
    
be issued 
(Note a)
    
paid-in 
capital
    
Earnings
    
    
interests
    
Equity


&nbsp;2017
27
775
    
(27
774
52
253
435
52
253
436
2
882
756
55
136
192

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
43
313
447
43
313
447
1
358
846
44
672
293

    
    
    
    
3
841
602
3
841
602
(4
241
602
(400
000

    
246
671
    
    
    
246
671
    
246
671

    
97
570
    
176
986
    
274
556
    
274
556

    
84
561
    
591
925
    
676
486
    
676
486

    
182
131
    
    
(182
131
    
    
    

    
    
2
126
520
    
(2
126
520
    
    
    

    
    
    
(741
137
(94
859
093
(95
600
230
    
(95
600
230


&nbsp;2018
638
708
2
126
520
    
2
240
740
5
005
968
    
5
005
968

    
    
    
    
39
980
430
39
980
430
    
39
980
430

    
2
126
520
(2
126
520
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


&nbsp;2019
2
765
228
    
    
42
221
170
44
986
398
    
44
986
398

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


&nbsp;2019 (US$)
402
801
    
    
6
150
208
6
553
009
    
6
553
009





296
000 shares of Oranco
 Inc.
were issued to the sellers of Reliant Galaxy International Limited on May 29
 2019. The increase of the Company&rsquo;s authorized
common stock to 500
000
000 was completed on February 15
 2019. More details are discussed in note 22.


part of the consolidated financial statements.


    
    


ORANCO
 INC.


 except for number of shares and per
share data)



    
    
    

    





    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
44
672
293
39
980
430
5
823
806

    
    
    
    

    
335
005
347
684
50
646

    
    
    
    

    
1
251
161
445
561
64
903

    
13
583
343
1
879
958
273
847


 prepayments and other receivables
(13
659
564
(12
360
934
(1
800
573

    
(73
479
203
049
29
577


 accruals and other payables
305
431
(141
857
(20
664

    
300
928
477
980
69
626

    
577
029
(1
056
786
153
938

    
47
292
147
29
775
085
4
337
230

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
406
713
    
    


 plant
 equipment and other lease
(401
305
(5
066
081
(737
958

    
5
408
(5
066
081
(737
958

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(400
000
(300
000
(43
700

    
(27
400
000
    
    

    
    
2
250
000
327
749

    
(27
400
000
1
950
000
284
050

    
    
    
    

    
19
897
555
26
659
004
3
883
322


 beginning of the year
6
607
407
26
504
962
3
860
883


 end of the year
26
504
962
53
163
966
7
744
205

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(1
759
325
(73
925
(10
768

    
(14
509
505
(18
903
260
(2
753
570




part of the consolidated financial statements.


    
    


ORANCO
 INC.


 except for number of shares and per
share data)


SUMMARY
OF BUSINESS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES



Description
of Business


Oranco
Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on June 16
 1977. The Company has been
in the business of the development of mineral deposits. During 1983 all activities were abandoned
 and the Company had remained
inactive until June 29
 2018 when it acquired the business of Reliant Galaxy International Limited (&ldquo;Reliant&rdquo;). The
of
spirits and wine in the People&rsquo;s Republic of China (the &ldquo;PRC&rdquo;).


filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 19
 2018
 the Company entered into a business agreement with Guangzhou
Silicon Technology Co.
 Ltd on August 20
 2018 to have Guangzhou Silicon Technology Co.
 Ltd to develop an anti-counterfeiting
laser recognition proprietary system using blockchain technology.


are set out in note 20 to the consolidated financial statements.



    
    
    



include the Financial Statements of Oranco
 Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries.


which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to or has rights to variable returns from its
involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee. Subsidiaries are
fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are de-consolidated from the date that control
ceases.


have been prepared in accordance with the U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. The Company operates in one reportable
segment and solely within the PRC. Accordingly
 no segment or geographic information has been presented.


as a component of shareholders&rsquo; equity on the consolidated statement of balance sheet and the share of the net income attributable
to non-controlling interests is shown as a component of net income in the consolidated statements of operations.



    
    



 INC.


 except for number of shares and per
share data)


SUMMARY
OF BUSINESS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES &ndash; CONTINUED




    
    
    





that meet the criteria for business combinations is accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting. The consideration
transferred for the acquisition is the fair values of the assets transferred
 the liabilities incurred to the former owners of
the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group.


the fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement. Identifiable assets acquired and
liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition
date. The Group recognizes any non-controlling interest in the acquiree at the non-controlling interest&rsquo;s proportionate share
of the recognized amounts of the acquiree&rsquo;s identifiable net assets. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.


be transferred by the Group are recognized at fair value at the acquisition date. Subsequent changes to the fair value of the contingent
consideration that is deemed to be an asset or liability is recognized
 either in the Statement of Operations or as a change to
other comprehensive income. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured
 and its subsequent settlement
is accounted for within equity. Goodwill is initially measured as the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred
and the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired and liabilities assumed.



    
    
    



primarily consist of cash and cash equivalents
 trade receivables
 deposits
 prepayments and other receivables
 prepaid land lease
trade payables
 receipts in advance
 accruals and other payables
 and bank borrowings. The carrying values of the Group&rsquo;s
financial instruments approximate their fair values
 principally because of the short-term maturity of these instruments or their
terms.


instruments.



    
    
    



of cash on hand and highly liquid investments which are unrestricted as to withdrawal or use
 and which have maturities of three
months or less when purchased.



    
    
    



 the FASB issued ASU
No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)
 to update the financial reporting requirements for revenue recognition.
Topic 606 outlines a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers.
It supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance
 including industry-specific guidance. The guidance is based on the principle
that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the
consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance also requires additional
disclosure about the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts
 including
significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to fulfill a contract. This guidance became
effective for the Group beginning on July 1
 2018
 and the Group has the option of using either a full retrospective or a modified
retrospective approach for the adoption of the new standard. We adopted this standard using the modified retrospective approach
on July 1
 2018.


    
    



 INC.


 except for number of shares and per
share data)


SUMMARY
OF BUSINESS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES &ndash; CONTINUED



Revenue
recognition - continued



of the standard
 we have completed our impact assessment of implementing this guidance. We have evaluated each of the five steps
in Topic 606
 which are as follows: 1) identify the contract with the customer; 2) identify the performance obligations in the
contract; 3) determine the transaction price; 4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations; and 5) recognize
revenue when (or as) performance obligations are satisfied.


in any period due to the adoption of ASC Topic 606 because: (1) we identified similar performance obligations under ASC Topic 606
as compared with deliverables and separate units of account previously identified; our performance obligation is to deliver the
spirits and wine; (2) we determined the transaction price to be consistent; and (3) we recorded revenue at the same point in time
upon delivery under both ASC Topic 605 and ASC Topic 606
 as applicable under the terms of the contract with the customer. Additionally
the accounting for fulfillment costs or costs incurred to obtain a contract were not affected materially in any period due to the
adoption of Topic 606.


related to accounting policies
 business processes and internal control over financial reporting that are associated with implementing
Topic 606. We have evaluated our policies
 processes
 and control framework for revenue recognition
 and identified and implemented
the changes needed in response to the new guidance.


 disclosure requirements
under the new guidance in Topic 606 have been significantly expanded in comparison to the disclosure requirements under the current
guidance
 including disclosures related to disaggregation of revenue into appropriate categories
 performance obligations
 the
judgments made in revenue recognition determinations
 adjustments to revenue which relate to activities from previous quarters
or years
 any significant reversals of revenue
 and costs to obtain or fulfill contracts.


standard has no material impact on our revenue recognition policy.


Trade
receivables and allowance for doubtful accounts



the amount the Group expects to collect. The Group maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses. Management
considers the following factors when determining the collectability of specific accounts: historical experience
 creditworthiness
of the clients
 aging of the receivables and other specific circumstances related to the accounts. Allowance for doubtful accounts
is made and recorded into general and administrative expenses based on the aging of trade receivables and on any specifically identified
receivables that may become uncollectible. Trade receivables which are deemed to be uncollectible are charged off against the allowance
after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. The Company takes a write
off of the account balances when the Company can demonstrate all means of collection on the outstanding balances have been exhausted.
There is no allowance for doubtful accounts in these consolidated financial statements.






of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined using the weighted average method. The components of inventories include raw
materials
 processing cost of finished goods and purchase cost of products. The Group routinely evaluate the net realizable value
of the inventories in light of current market conditions and market trends and record a write-down against the cost of inventories
should the net realizable value falls below the cost.


    
    



 INC.

- CONTINUED

 except for number
of shares and per share data)


SUMMARY
OF BUSINESS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES &ndash; CONTINUED



Property
plant and equipment and depreciation



 plant and equipment are
carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and any recorded impairment. Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis
over the following estimated useful lives:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    



as incurred and asset improvements are capitalized. Consideration is given at each balance sheet date to determine whether there
is any indication of impairment of the carrying amounts of the property
 plant and equipment. The indication could be an unfavorable
development of a business or severe economic slowdown as well as reorganization of the operation. In assessing value in use
 the
estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value
 based on the time value of money and the risks specific to the
country where the assets are located.


VAT
and VAT refund


VAT
on sales is charged at 13% on revenue from product sale&rsquo;s and is subsequently paid to the PRC tax authorities after netting input
VAT on purchases. The excess of output VAT over input VAT is recognized in other payables
 and the excess of input VAT over output
VAT is recognized in other receivables in the Consolidated statement of Balance Sheets.


Operating
leases



the rewards and risks of ownership of assets remain with the lessor are accounted for as operating leases. Payments made under
operating leases are charged to the consolidated statements of operations on a straight-line basis over the lease periods.



note 1(r)



Foreign
currency translation



operations are conducted in China and as a result
 the functional and reporting currency of the Group is the Chinese Renminbi.


denominated in currencies other than the applicable functional currencies are translated into the functional currencies at the
prevailing rates of exchange at the balance sheet date. Transactions in currencies other than the functional currency are converted
into the functional currency at the applicable rates of exchange prevailing at the transaction dates. Transaction gains and losses
are recognized in the consolidated statements of operations.


    
    



 INC.

- CONTINUED

 except for number
of shares and per share data)


SUMMARY
OF BUSINESS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES &ndash; CONTINUED



Foreign
currency translation - continued



of the Company&rsquo;s subsidiaries outside the PRC into the reporting currency
 assets and liabilities are translated from the
subsidiaries&rsquo; functional currencies to the reporting currency at the exchange rate at the balance sheet date. Equity amounts
are translated at historical exchange rates; revenues
 expenses
 and other gains and losses are translated using the average rate
for the period. Translation adjustments are reported as cumulative translation adjustments and are shown as a separate component
of other comprehensive income/(loss) in the consolidated statements of operations. During 2019 and 2018
 such translation adjustments
were not material.


rate for the year and the exchange rate at the balance sheet date to translate the operating results and financial position
 respectively.
Translation differences are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss
 a component of shareholders&rsquo; deficits.



Amounts
in US$ are presented for the convenience of the reader and are translated at the noon buying rate of US$1.00 to RMB 6.6171 on June
29
 2018 and RMB 6.8650 on June 29
 2019
 representing
the noon buying rate set forth in the H.10 statistical release of the U.S. Federal Reserve Board. No representation is made that
the RMB amounts could have been
 or could be converted
 realized or settled into US$ at such rate or at any other rate.


Income
taxes



accordance with the laws and regulations applicable to the Group as enacted by the relevant tax authorities. The impact of an uncertain
income tax position on the income tax return is recognized at the largest amount that is more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon
audit of the related tax authority. An uncertain income tax position will not be recognized if it has less than a 50% likelihood
of being sustained. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. The
Group records interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits (if any) in interest expenses and general and administrative
expenses
 respectively.


 2017
 the United
States enacted TCJA which instituted fundamental changes to the taxation of multinational corporations
 including a reduction of
the U.S. corporate income tax rate to 21% beginning in 2018. The TCJA also requires a one-time transition tax on the mandatory
deemed repatriation of the cumulative earnings of the Company&rsquo;s foreign subsidiary as of December 31
 2017. To determine
the amount of this transition tax
 the Company must determine the amount of earnings generated since inception by the relevant
foreign subsidiary
 as well as the amount of non-U.S. income taxes paid on such earnings
 in addition to potentially other factors.
The Company acquired the foreign operations on 29 June 2018
 hence the Company does not have any qualifying earnings or profits
from its foreign subsidiary under the transition tax calculation thus no transition tax is payable.


Fair
value measurement



the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants at the measurement date.


measurements for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded at fair value
 the Group considers the principal or
most advantageous market in which it would transact and it considers assumptions that market participants would use when pricing
the asset or liability.


    
    



 INC.

- CONTINUED

 except for number
of shares and per share data)


SUMMARY
OF BUSINESS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES &ndash; CONTINUED



Fair
value measurement-continued



include cash and cash equivalents
 term deposits
 trade and other receivables
 trade and other payables and bank borrowings. The
Group considers the carrying amounts approximate fair value because of the short maturity of these financial instruments.


Business
combinations



in stages
 the Group remeasures its previously held equity interest in the acquire immediately before obtaining control at its
acquisition-date fair value and the re-measurement gain or loss
 if any
 is recognized in earnings.


Transactions
between entities under common control



of assets or exchange of shares between entities under common control of the Group
 the carrying amounts of the assets and liabilities
transferred shall remain unchanged subsequent to the transaction
 and no gain or loss shall be recorded in the Group&rsquo;s consolidated
statements of operations.


Commitments
and contingencies



the Group is subject to loss contingencies
 such as legal proceedings and claims arising out of its business
 that cover a wide
range of matters
 including
 among others
 government investigations
 shareholder lawsuits
 and non-income tax matters. An accrual
for a loss contingency is recognized when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably
estimated. If a potential material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible
 or is probable but cannot be estimated
then the nature of the contingent liability
 together with an estimate of the range of possible loss if determinable and material
is disclosed.


    
    



 INC.

- CONTINUED

 except for number
of shares and per share data)


SUMMARY
OF BUSINESS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES &ndash; CONTINUED



Adoption
of new accounting standards



 2018
 we adopted ASU
No. 2014-09
 &ldquo;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&rdquo; and the related amendments using the modified retrospective method.
The adoption of ASC 606 had no impact on total reported revenues
 costs and net income.


 the FASB issued
ASU No. 2017-01
 &ldquo;Business Combinations: Clarifying the Definition of a Business&rdquo; (&ldquo;ASU 2017-01&rdquo;). ASU
2017-01 clarifies the definition of a business for determining whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions (or
disposals) of assets or businesses. ASU 2017-01 is effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods
beginning after December 15
 2017
 and early adoption is permitted. The Company adopted this standard on July 1
 2018 and will
apply the standard to any future business combinations.


 FASB issued ASU
No. 2016-15
 Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. The standard provides new authoritative guidance addressing
eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice in how certain transactions are
presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The standard is effective for the Group in the first quarter of the fiscal
year 2019. The Company adopted this standard on July 1
 2018.


in the consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended June 30
 2019 will have no significant impact to the provision
for income taxes and will have no impact to the net cash used in
 or generated by
 operating
 investing
 or financing activities
in the Group&rsquo;s consolidated statements of cash flows. &nbsp;&nbsp;


Recently
issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted



 the FASB issued
an accounting standard update
 Leases (Topic 842)
 (&ldquo;ASC 842&rdquo;) which supersedes the lease recognition requirements
in Leases (Topic 840)
 (&ldquo;ASC 840&rdquo;). ASC 842 establishes a right- of-use (&ldquo;ROU&rdquo;) model that requires a lessee
to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases. Consistent with ASC 840
 leases will be classified
as either finance or operating
 with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the statements of operations.
The new guidance will be effective for us starting in the first quarter of our fiscal year ending June 30
 2020. ASC 842 requires
a modified retrospective transition approach for capital and operating leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning
of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. In July 2018
 the FASB issued an accounting standard
update which amends ASC 842 and offers an additional (and optional) transition method by which entities may elect not to recast
the comparative periods presented in financial statements in the period of adoption. This ASU has the same transition requirements
and effective date as ASC 842. We will adopt ASC 842 using the optional adoption method and thereby not adjust comparative financial
statements. Consequently
 our reporting for the comparative periods presented in the year of adoption would continue to be in accordance
with ASC 840
 including the disclosure requirements of ASC 840. We currently plan to apply the package of practical expedients
to leases that commenced before the effective date whereby we will elect to not reassess the following: (i) whether any expired
or existing contracts contain leases; (ii) the lease classification for any expired or existing leases; and (iii) initial direct
costs for any existing leases. We have enhanced system functionality to enable the preparation and reporting of financial information
and are evaluating related processes and internal controls. We expect the most significant impact upon the adoption of this standard
to be the recognition of ROU assets and lease liabilities on our Consolidated statement of Balance Sheets. We do not expect the
adoption of this standard to have a significant impact on our Consolidated Statements of Operations or Cash Flows.

The
Group is finalizing the impact of the standard on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures
 as well as changes to
its systems
 processes
 and internal controls. The Company&rsquo;s preliminary assessments are subject to change.



note 24



    
    



 INC.

- CONTINUED

 except for number
of shares and per share data)


REVENUE
AND OTHER INCOME



spirits and wine products sold to customers less discounts
 returns
 and surcharges.



    
June 30




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
101
759
660
104
270
083
15
188
650

    
155
700
133
321
19
420

    
101
915
360
104
403
404
15
208
070





revenue is as follows:



    
June 30




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    



 INC.

- CONTINUED

 except for number
of shares and per share data)


SELLING
AND DISTRIBUTION EXPENSES



in the selling and distribution expenses:



    
June 30




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
40
623
72
285
10
529

    
1
090
553
122
441
17
836

    
1
131
176
194
726
28
365



PROPERTY
PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 NET



 plant and equipment
net
 consist of the following:



    

 2018



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
268
550
268
550
39
119

    
3
754
625
3
754
625
546
923

    
    
66
081
9
626

    
4
023
175
4
089
256
595
668

    
(727
029
(965
032
(140
573


 plant and equipment
 net

3
296
146
3
124
224
455
095



PREPAID
LAND LEASE AND OTHER LEASE
 NET



lease
 net
 consists of the following:



    

 2018



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
5
412
120
5
412
120
788
364

    
(393
020
(502
700
(73
227

    
    
5
000
000
728
333


 net
5
019
000
9
909
420
1
443
470



land lease and other lease are analyzed as:



    

 2018



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
109
680
547
180
79
706

    
4
909
420
9
362
240
1
363
764

    
5
019
000
9
909
420
1
443
470



    
    



 INC.

- CONTINUED

 except for number
of shares and per share data)


PREPAID
LAND LEASE AND OTHER LEASE
 NET - CONTINUED



the cost of the rights of the use of the land in respect of leasehold land in the People&rsquo;s Republic of China
 on which the
Group&rsquo;s buildings are situated. Prepaid other lease represents the lease of a warehouse in the PRC.


terms are 70 years
 ending in 2082 and prepaid other lease &rsquo;s terms are10 years
 ending in 2029.









    





    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
4
451
541
4
500
125
655
517

    
2
622
873
2
216
931
322
932

    
272
135
183
932
26
793

    
7
346
549
6
900
988
1
005
242



TRADE
RECEIVABLES




    





    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
33
933
857
32
053
899
4
669
177

    
33
933
857
32
053
899
4
669
177



terms to well-established customers ranging from 30 to 150 days. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its trade receivables.
Overdue trade receivables are reviewed regularly by the Board of Directors.


DEPOSITS
PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES




    





    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
23
571
363
45
054
919
6
562
989

    
9
000
000
    
    

    
678
227
555
604
80
933

    
33
249
590
45
610
523
6
643
922



    
    



 INC.

- CONTINUED

 except for number
of shares and per share data)


CASH
AND CASH EQUIVALENTS




    





    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
394
082
419
446
61
099

    
26
110
880
52
744
520
7
683
106

    
26
504
962
53
163
966
7
744
205



at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates.


TRADE
PAYABLES




    





    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
44
636
247
685
36
079

    
44
636
247
685
36
079



 the
Group makes payment in advance for the inventories. For the smaller suppliers
 the Group obtains credit terms ranging from 30 to
90 days.


suppliers based on the purchases made during the year is as follows:



    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    



 INC.

- CONTINUED

 except for number
of shares and per share data)


RECEIPTS
IN ADVANCE
 ACCRUALS AND OTHER PAYABLES



 accruals
and other payables consist of the following:



    





    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
272
408
301
894
43
976

    
3
022
597
3
430
703
499
738

    
623
868
466
538
67
959

    
1
221
152
1
499
033
218
359

    
5
140
025
5
698
168
830
032



AMOUNT
DUE TO DIRECTOR




    





    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
96
231
368
13
392
777
1
950
878

    
    
81
781
805
11
912
863

    
96
231
368
95
174
582
13
863
741



interest-free
 unsecured and repayable on demand.


BANK
BORROWINGS




    





    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
2
250
000
327
749

    
    
2
250
000
327
749

    
    
    
    

    
    
2
250
000
327
749

    
    
2
250
000
327
749





Loans
from the financial institution bear a fixed interest rate ranging from 5% to 5.59% per annum.



    
    



 INC.

- CONTINUED

 except for number
of shares and per share data)


SHARE
CAPITAL AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT





    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2017 and June 30
 2016
4
269
950
4
270
27
775
    
    
    
(4
269
(27
774
    

    
37
921
530
37
922
246
671
    
    
    
    
    
246
671

    
15
000
000
15
000
97
570
    
    
    
27
209
176
986
274
556

    
13
000
000
13
000
84
561
    
    
    
91
000
591
925
676
486

    
28
000
000
28
000
182
131
    
    
    
    
    
182
131

    
    
    
    
321
296
000
321
296
2
126
520
    
    
2
126
520

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(113
940
(741
137
(741
137

At June 30
 2018
98
191
40
98
191
638
708
321
296
000
321
296
2
126
520
    
    
2
765
228


 2019
(88
372
332
    
    
(289
166
400
    
    
    
    
    


 2018
9
819
148
98
191
638
708
32
129
600
321
296
2
126
520
    
    
2
765
228

    
32
129
600
321
296
2
126
520
(32
129
600
(321
296
(2
126
520
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2019
41
948
748
419
487
2
765
228
    
    
    
    
    
2
765
228





of US$0.001 per share.




The 321
296
000 new shares at $0.001 per share are
part of the consideration of the acquisition of Reliant Galaxy International Limited by the company. The aggregated nominal value
of the shares is US$321




On
July 22
 2019
 the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment with the Secretary of State of Nevada to effect a reverse stock split
of the issued and outstanding shares of its common stock at a ratio of one share for every 10 shares outstanding prior to the
effective date of the reverse stock split. All current and historical information contained herein related to the share and per
share information for the Company&rsquo;s common stock or stock equivalents reflects the 1-for-10 reverse stock split of the Company&rsquo;s
outstanding shares of common stock that became market effective on August 7
 2019. There was no change in the number of the Company&rsquo;s
authorized shares of common stock.



On
August 7
 2019
 the Company effected a decrease in the number of its authorized Common Stock from 500
000
000 to 50
000
000
 with
its Common Stock&rsquo;s par value unchanged at $0.001 per share.



    
    



 INC.

- CONTINUED

 except for number
of shares and per share data)


INCOME
TAXES



in the USA. The Company has had no taxable income under Federal or State tax laws. The Company has loss carryforwards totalling
$24
581 that may be offset against future federal income taxes. If not used
 the carryforwards will expire 20 years after they
are incurred.


is not subject to taxation.



subsidiary is subject to taxes in Hong Kong. The Hong Kong subsidiary has had no taxable income.



are subject to taxes in China. The applicable PRC statutory income tax rate is 25% according to the Enterprise Income Tax Law.


tax expenses in China is set out below:



    





    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
59
767
974
59
308
503
8
639
258

    
14
941
994
14
827
126
2
159
814

    
(42
182
(33
323
(4
854

    
808
014
4
696
259
684
086

    
(612
145
(161
989
(23
596

    
15
095
681
19
328
073
2
815
450



CONTRIBUTION
PLAN IN THE PRC



regulations
 the subsidiaries in the PRC participate in the state-run defined contribution retirement scheme. All employees are
entitled to an annual pension payment equal to a fixed proportion of the average basic salary of the geographical area of their
last employment at their retirement date. The PRC subsidiaries are required to make contributions to the local social security
bureau at 29.4% to 37.4% of the previous year&rsquo;s average basic salary amount of the geographical area where the employees
are under employment with the PRC subsidiaries. The Group has no obligation for the payment of pension benefits beyond the annual
contributions as set out above.


and regulations of the PRC
 the PRC subsidiaries and their employees are each required to make contributions to an accommodation
fund at 9% of the salaries and wages of the employees which are administered by the Public Accumulation Funds Administration Centre.
There is no further obligation for the Group except for such contributions to the accommodation fund. The Group had no significant
obligation apart from the contributions as stated above.


    
    



 INC.

- CONTINUED

 except for number
of shares and per share data)


OPERATING
LEASE ARRANGEMENT



lease payments under non-cancellable operating lease payable as follows:&nbsp;



    





    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
134
294
600
856
87
525

    
18
000
62
305
9
076

    
9
000
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
161
294
663
161
96
601



few office premises
 warehouse and staff residence held under operating leases. The leases typically run for an initial period
of one to three years.


RELATED
PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS



transactions with related parties during the financial periods:



    
July 1

    
    
    



    
(13
395
233
    
    
(95
976
484
(109
371
717

    
11
814
199
    
    
1
326
150
13
140
349

    
(1
581
034
    
    
(94
650
334
(96
231
368

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
July 1

    
    
    



    
(109
371
717
398
911
6
000
000
(4
953
831
(108
115
423

    
13
140
349
    
    
(199
508
12
940
841

    
(96
231
368
398
911
6
000
000
(5
153
339
(95
174
582



    
    



 INC.

- CONTINUED

 except for number
of shares and per share data)


RELATED
PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS - CONTINUED



Jing Hong Trading Co.
 Ltd
 the director of which was a family member of the CEO Mr. Yang Peng. The family member resigned from
Fuqing Jing Hong Trading Co.
 Ltd on June 28
 2018
 hence Fuqing Jing Hong ceased to be a related party on June 28
 2018.



    





    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
14
359
832
    
    

    
14
359
832
    
    



CONTINGENT
LIABILITIES



period
 neither the Group nor the Company had any significant contingent liabilities.


    
    



 INC.

- CONTINUED

 except for number
of shares and per share data)


DETAILS
OF SUBSIDIARIES




Company
    name
    
Place
    and date of incorporation
    
    
    
Attributable
    Equity
    interest
    
    
Principal
    activities

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Reliant
    Galaxy International Limited
    
Established
    in British Virgin Islands on January 3
 2017
    
Registered
    and paid-in capital of RMB 69
100
    
    
    
    
    
Investment
    holding

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Sure
    Rich Investment
    
Established
    in
    
Share
    capital
    
    
    
    
    
Investment
    holding

(Group)
    Limited
    
Hong
    Kong
    On February 1
 2007
    
RMB
    1
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Fujian
    Jinou Trading Co.
 Ltd.
    
Established
    in the PRC on July 5
 2004
    
Registered
    and paid-in capital of US$ 1
650
000
    
    
    
    
    
Investment
    holding and marketing self-owned brand and wholesaling of spirits

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Fenyang
    Huaxin Spirit Development Co.
 Ltd.
    
Established
    in the PRC on November 7
 2013
    
Registered
    and Paid-in capital of RMB 1
000
000
    
    
    
    
    
Marketing
    self-owned brand and wholesaling of spirits and wines

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Fenyang
    Jinqiang Spirit Co.
 Ltd.
    
Established
    in the PRC on November 7
 2013
    
Registered
    capital 10
000
000 (note ii)and Paid-in capital of RMB 5
000
000
    
    
    
    
    
Marketing
    self-owned brand and wholesaling of spirits

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Beijing
    Huaxin Tianchuang Enterprise Management Consulting Co.
 Ltd.
    
Established
    in the PRC on April 14
 2018
    
Registered
    and issued capital of RMB1
000
000
    
    
    
    Note
    
        
    
    





The subsidiary was registered with payable share capital
and the Company committed to pay up its share of the issued capital in the amount of RMB 510
000 on March 31
 2037
 which is 20
years from the date of incorporation permitted by the Regulation of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China on Company Registration.




On August 13
 2018
 the Company increased the number
of the authorized Common Stock from 5
000
000 to 10
000









    
    
    
    
    
    
    
interest &nbsp;
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Guangzhou Silicon Technology Co.
 Ltd
    
Established in the
    PRC on September 8
 2015
    
Registered and
    issued capital of RMB5
000
000
    
    
    
    
    
Development
 sale and provision of software solutions





On
September 1
 2018
 Fenyang Huaxin Spirit Development Co.
 Ltd acquired 20% of Guangzhou Silicon Technology Co.
 Ltd which then
became an associate of the Company.



    
    



 INC.

- CONTINUED

 except for number
of shares and per share data)


REVERSE
MERGER



 2018
 Oranco
 Inc.
acquired 100% of the issued capital of Reliant in a share for share exchange with the shareholders of Reliant at that time. Due
to the relative size of the companies
 the shareholders of Reliant became the majority shareholders in the consolidated group.


exchange
 Oranco issued an aggregated 349
296
000 new shares of common stock
 with par value of $0.001 per share
 of which 28
000
000
were issued on the closing date of June 29
 2018. The remaining 321
296
000 shares were issued on May 29
 2019&nbsp;&nbsp; following
the completion of the increase of the Company&rsquo;s authorized shares on February 15
 2019.&nbsp;&nbsp;



 Oranco
Inc. was a shell company with minimal assets and operations. The transaction has been treated as a group reconstruction and has
been accounted for using the reverse merger accounting method. Accordingly
 the consolidated financial statements have been treated
as being a continuation of the consolidated financial statements of Reliant
 with Oranco
 Inc. being treated as the acquired entity
for accounting purposed. Accordingly
 the financial information for the previous period and comparatives reflects the consolidated
operations of Reliant.


NOTE
TO THE CONSOLIDATED STAETMENT OF CASH FLOWS



the ended June 30
 2018:


Renminbi
94
051
934 of the amount due to a director relates to Reliant&rsquo;s acquisition of Sure Rich Investment (Group) Limited being
the consideration of Sure Rich Investment (Group) Limited payable by Reliant. The amount is due to the seller of Sure Rich Investment
(Group) Limited
 who is also a director of Reliant and the Company.



The
Group acquired liabilities of Renminbi 757
296 as part of the reverse merger.



for the year ended June 30
 2019


SUBSEQUENT
EVENT DISCLOSURE




 the FASB issued
an accounting standard update
 Leases (Topic 842)
 The adoption of the standard in the financial quarter ended September 30
 2019
would imply the recognition of lease asset of Renminbi 703
414 and lease liabilities of Renminbi 703
414 based on a discount rate
of 2.90% over the lease terms in our Consolidated statement of Balance Sheets. We do not expect the adoption of this standard to
have a significant impact on our Consolidated Statements of Operations or Cash Flows.



















     




CERTIFICATION OF
THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002


 Peng Yang
 certify that:


this Form 10-K of Oranco
 Inc.;


this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report;


the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:


controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within
those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


report any change in the Registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant&rsquo;s
most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and


other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions):


deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and


 whether
or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over
financial reporting.



Date: September 3
 2019
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
        Chief Executive Officer
        (Principal Executive Officer)














     




CERTIFICATION OF
THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002


 Sze Lok (Patrick) Wong
 certify that:


this Form 10-K of Oranco
 Inc.;


this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report;


the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:


controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within
those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


report any change in the Registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant&rsquo;s
most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and


other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions):


deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and


 whether
or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over
financial reporting.



Date: September 3
 2019
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
        Chief Financial Officer
        (Principal Financial Officer)














     






18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350


SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002


 Peng Yang
 certify
 as of the date hereof
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that the Annual
Report of Oranco
 Inc. on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;30
 2019 fully complies with the requirements of Section&nbsp;13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Form 10-K fairly presents in all material
respects the financial condition and results of operations of Oranco
 Inc. at the dates and for the periods indicated.


 2019



    
    
/s/&nbsp;Peng
Yang

    
    
    

    
    
    














     






18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350


SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002


 Sze Lok (Patrick) Wong
 certify
 as
of the date hereof
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002
 that the Annual Report of Oranco
 Inc. on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30
 2019 fully complies with the requirements
of Section&nbsp;13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Form 10-K fairly presents
in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Oranco
 Inc. at the dates and for the periods indicated.


 2019



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



required by Section&nbsp;906 has been provided to Oranco
 Inc.&nbsp;and will be retained by Oranco
 Inc. and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.





















        


        




        


        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        


        



      


      


      


      




          


          






          


          



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    




    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 1.8pt 0pt 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30
&lt;br /&gt; 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%&gt;Freight&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;40
623&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;72
285&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;10
529&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Packaging cost&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1
090
553&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;122
441&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;17
836&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;1
131
176&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;194
726&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;28


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 1.8pt 0pt 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30
&lt;br /&gt; 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%&gt;Freight&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;40
623&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;72
285&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;10
529&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Packaging cost&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1
090
553&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;122
441&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;17
836&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;1
131
176&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;194
726&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;28

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&#13;PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

 plant and equipment
&#13;net

 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30
&lt;br /&gt; 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: left&gt;Computer and office equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;268
550&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;268
550&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;39
119&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Building&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3
754
625&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3
754
625&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;546
923&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Add: Computer and leasehold improvement&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;66
081&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;9
626&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;4
023
175&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4
089
256&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;595
668&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(727
029&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(965
032&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(140
573&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Property
 plant and equipment
 net
&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;3
296
146&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;3
124
224&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;455


 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30
&lt;br /&gt; 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: left&gt;Computer and office equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;268
550&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;268
550&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;39
119&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Building&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3
754
625&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3
754
625&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;546
923&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Add: Computer and leasehold improvement&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;66
081&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;9
626&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;4
023
175&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4
089
256&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;595
668&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(727
029&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(965
032&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(140
573&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Property
 plant and equipment
 net
&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;3
296
146&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;3
124
224&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;455

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

 ending in 2082 and prepaid other lease &#8217;s terms are10 years



 net

 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30
&lt;br /&gt; 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: left&gt;Prepaid land lease&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;5
412
120&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;5
412
120&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;788
364&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Less: accumulated amortization&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(393
020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(502
700&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(73
227&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Add: Prepaid other lease&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;5
000
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;728
333&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Prepaid land lease and other lease
 net&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;5
019
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;9
909
420&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;1
443

 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30
&lt;br /&gt; 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: justify&gt;Current assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;109
680&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;547
180&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;79
706&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Non-current assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;4
909
420&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;9
362
240&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1
363
764&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;5
019
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;9
909
420&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;1
443


 ending in 2082 and prepaid other lease &amp;#8217;s terms are10 years


 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30
&lt;br /&gt; 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: left&gt;Prepaid land lease&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;5
412
120&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;5
412
120&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;788
364&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Less: accumulated amortization&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(393
020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(502
700&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(73
227&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Add: Prepaid other lease&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;5
000
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;728
333&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Prepaid land lease and other lease
 net&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;5
019
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;9
909
420&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;1
443


 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30
&lt;br /&gt; 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: justify&gt;Current assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;109
680&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;547
180&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;79
706&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Non-current assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;4
909
420&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;9
362
240&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1
363
764&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;5
019
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;9
909
420&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;1
443


&lt;br /&gt; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June&amp;#160;30
&lt;br /&gt; 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: left&gt;Raw materials&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;4
451
541&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;4
500
125&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;655
517&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
622
873&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
216
931&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;322
932&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Packaging material&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;272
135&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;183
932&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;26
793&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;7
346
549&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;6
900
988&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;1
005


&lt;br /&gt; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June&amp;#160;30
&lt;br /&gt; 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: left&gt;Raw materials&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;4
451
541&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;4
500
125&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;655
517&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
622
873&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
216
931&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;322
932&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Packaging material&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;272
135&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;183
932&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;26
793&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;7
346
549&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;6
900
988&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;1
005


&lt;br /&gt; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June&amp;#160;30
&lt;br /&gt; 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Trade receivables&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;33
933
857&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;32
053
899&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;4
669
177&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;33
933
857&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;32
053
899&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;4
669


&lt;br /&gt; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June&amp;#160;30
&lt;br /&gt; 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Trade receivables&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;33
933
857&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;32
053
899&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;4
669
177&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;33
933
857&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;32
053
899&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;4
669

    


&lt;br /&gt; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30
&lt;br /&gt; 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: left&gt;Prepaid expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;23
571
363&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;45
054
919&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;6
562
989&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Deposits&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;9
000
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Other receivables&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;678
227&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;555
604&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;80
933&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;33
249
590&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;45
610
523&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;6
643


&lt;br /&gt; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30
&lt;br /&gt; 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: left&gt;Prepaid expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;23
571
363&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;45
054
919&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;6
562
989&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Deposits&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;9
000
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Other receivables&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;678
227&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;555
604&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;80
933&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;33
249
590&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;45
610
523&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;6
643


&lt;br /&gt; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30
&lt;br /&gt; 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: left&gt;Cash on hand&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;394
082&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;419
446&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;61
099&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Cash held in banks&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;26
110
880&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;52
744
520&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;7
683
106&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;26
504
962&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;53
163
966&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;7
744


&lt;br /&gt; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30
&lt;br /&gt; 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: left&gt;Cash on hand&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;394
082&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;419
446&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;61
099&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Cash held in banks&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;26
110
880&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;52
744
520&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;7
683
106&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;26
504
962&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;53
163
966&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;7
744


&lt;br /&gt; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30
&lt;br /&gt; 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Trade payables&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;44
636&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;247
685&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;36
079&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;44
636&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;247
685&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;36

 the&#13;Group makes payment in advance for the inventories. For the smaller suppliers

&lt;br /&gt; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30


&lt;br /&gt; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30
&lt;br /&gt; 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Trade payables&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;44
636&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;247
685&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;36
079&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;44
636&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;247
685&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;36


&lt;br /&gt; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30
&lt;br /&gt; 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%&gt;Current-liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;96
231
368&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;13
392
777&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;1
950
878&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Non-Current-liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;81
781
805&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;11
912
863&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;96
231
368&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;95
174
582&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;13
863



&lt;br /&gt; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30
&lt;br /&gt; 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%&gt;Current-liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;96
231
368&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;13
392
777&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;1
950
878&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Non-Current-liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;81
781
805&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;11
912
863&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;96
231
368&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;95
174
582&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;13
863


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&lt;br /&gt; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30
&lt;br /&gt; 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Loans from financial institution &amp;#8211; Note (i)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;2
250
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;327
749&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;2
250
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;327
749&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Classified as:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Current liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;2
250
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;327
749&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;2
250
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;327


&lt;br /&gt; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30
&lt;br /&gt; 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Loans from financial institution &amp;#8211; Note (i)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;2
250
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;327
749&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;2
250
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;327
749&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Classified as:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Current liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;2
250
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;327
749&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;2
250
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;327

    
    




&lt;br /&gt; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30
&lt;br /&gt; 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: justify&gt;Within 1 year&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;134
294&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;600
856&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;87
525&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;After 1 year but within 2 years&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;18
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;62
305&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;9
076&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;After 2 years but within 3 years&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;9
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;After 3 years&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;161
294&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;663
161&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;96



&lt;br /&gt; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30
&lt;br /&gt; 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: justify&gt;Within 1 year&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;134
294&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;600
856&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;87
525&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;After 1 year but within 2 years&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;18
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;62
305&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;9
076&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;After 2 years but within 3 years&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;9
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;After 3 years&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;161
294&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;663
161&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;96

    



 2017 and June 30
 2016&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;4
269
950&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;4
270&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;27
775&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;(4
269&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;(27
774&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;1&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -8.2pt; padding-left: 8.2pt&gt;Common stock conversion&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;37
921
530&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;37
922&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;246
671&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;246
671&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -8.2pt; padding-left: 8.2pt&gt;Conversion of amount due to a director&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;15
000
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;15
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;97
570&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;27
209&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;176
986&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;274
556&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -8.2pt; padding-left: 8.2pt&gt;Shares issued for cash&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;13
000
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;13
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;84
561&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;91
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;591
925&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;676
486&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -8.2pt; padding-left: 8.2pt&gt;Shares issued as consideration for business acquisition&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;28
000
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;28
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;182
131&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;182
131&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -8.2pt; padding-left: 8.2pt&gt;Shares to be issued as consideration for business acquisition note 1&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;321
296
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;321
296&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
126
520&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
126
520&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-indent: -8.2pt; padding-left: 8.2pt&gt;Reverse merger&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(113
940&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(741
137&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(741
137&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-indent: -8.2pt; padding-left: 8.2pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;At June 30
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;98
191
40&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;98
191&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;638
708&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;321
296
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;321
296&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
126
520&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
765
228&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-indent: -8.2pt; padding-left: 8.2pt&gt;Shares reverse split on August 7
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(88
372
332&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(289
166
400&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt; text-indent: -8.2pt; padding-left: 8.2pt&gt;Restated at June 30
 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;9
819
148&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;98
191&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;638
708&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;32
129
600&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;321
296&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;2
126
520&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;2
765
228&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-indent: -8.2pt; padding-left: 8.2pt&gt;Shares were issued as consideration for business acquisition note 1&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;32
129
600&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;321
296&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;2
126
520&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(32
129
600&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(321
296&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(2
126
520&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-indent: -8.2pt; padding-left: 8.2pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt; text-indent: -8.2pt; padding-left: 8.2pt&gt;Total at June 30
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;41
948
748&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;419
487&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;2
765
228&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;2
765

296
000 new shares at $0.001 per share are&#13;part of the consideration of the acquisition of Reliant Galaxy International Limited by the company. The aggregated nominal value&#13;of the shares is US$321

 2019
 the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment with the Secretary of State of Nevada to effect a reverse stock split&#13;of the issued and outstanding shares of its common stock at a ratio of one share for every 10 shares outstanding prior to the&#13;effective date of the reverse stock split. All current and historical information contained herein related to the share and per&#13;share information for the Company's common stock or stock equivalents reflects the 1-for-10 reverse stock split of the Company's&#13;outstanding shares of common stock that became market effective on August 7

 2019
 the Company effected a decrease in the number of its authorized Common Stock from 500
000
000 to 50
000
000


 2017 and June 30
 2016&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;4
269
950&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;4
270&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;27
775&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;(4
269&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;(27
774&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;1&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -8.2pt; padding-left: 8.2pt&gt;Common stock conversion&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;37
921
530&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;37
922&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;246
671&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;246
671&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -8.2pt; padding-left: 8.2pt&gt;Conversion of amount due to a director&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;15
000
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;15
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;97
570&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;27
209&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;176
986&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;274
556&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -8.2pt; padding-left: 8.2pt&gt;Shares issued for cash&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;13
000
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;13
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;84
561&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;91
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;591
925&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;676
486&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -8.2pt; padding-left: 8.2pt&gt;Shares issued as consideration for business acquisition&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;28
000
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;28
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;182
131&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;182
131&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -8.2pt; padding-left: 8.2pt&gt;Shares to be issued as consideration for business acquisition note 1&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;321
296
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;321
296&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
126
520&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
126
520&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-indent: -8.2pt; padding-left: 8.2pt&gt;Reverse merger&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(113
940&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(741
137&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(741
137&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-indent: -8.2pt; padding-left: 8.2pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;At June 30
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;98
191
40&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;98
191&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;638
708&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;321
296
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;321
296&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
126
520&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
765
228&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-indent: -8.2pt; padding-left: 8.2pt&gt;Shares reverse split on August 7
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(88
372
332&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(289
166
400&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt; text-indent: -8.2pt; padding-left: 8.2pt&gt;Restated at June 30
 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;9
819
148&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;98
191&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;638
708&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;32
129
600&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;321
296&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;2
126
520&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;2
765
228&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-indent: -8.2pt; padding-left: 8.2pt&gt;Shares were issued as consideration for business acquisition note 1&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;32
129
600&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;321
296&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;2
126
520&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(32
129
600&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(321
296&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(2
126
520&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-indent: -8.2pt; padding-left: 8.2pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt; text-indent: -8.2pt; padding-left: 8.2pt&gt;Total at June 30
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;41
948
748&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;419
487&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;2
765
228&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;2
765

296
000 new shares at $0.001 per share are&#13;part of the consideration of the acquisition of Reliant Galaxy International Limited by the company. The aggregated nominal value&#13;of the shares is US$321

 2019
 the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment with the Secretary of State of Nevada to effect a reverse stock split&#13;of the issued and outstanding shares of its common stock at a ratio of one share for every 10 shares outstanding prior to the&#13;effective date of the reverse stock split. All current and historical information contained herein related to the share and per&#13;share information for the Company's common stock or stock equivalents reflects the 1-for-10 reverse stock split of the Company's&#13;outstanding shares of common stock that became market effective on August 7

 2019
 the Company effected a decrease in the number of its authorized Common Stock from 500
000
000 to 50
000
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    


    


    
    

    
    

    
    


    
    

    
    

    
    


    
    

    


    
    
    


    

    
    

    

    



000
000 to 50
000
000


&#13;Inc. (the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on June 16
 1977. The Company has been&#13;in the business of the development of mineral deposits. During 1983 all activities were abandoned
 and the Company had remained&#13;inactive until June 29

 2018
 the Company entered into a business agreement with Guangzhou&#13;Silicon Technology Co.
 Ltd on August 20
 2018 to have Guangzhou Silicon Technology Co.




 either in the Statement of Operations or as a change to&#13;other comprehensive income. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured

 trade receivables
 deposits
 prepayments and other receivables
 prepaid land lease
&#13;trade payables
 receipts in advance
 accruals and other payables
 and bank borrowings. The carrying values of the Group&amp;#8217;s&#13;financial instruments approximate their fair values


 the FASB issued ASU&#13;No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)
 to update the financial reporting requirements for revenue recognition.&#13;Topic 606 outlines a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers.&#13;It supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance
 including industry-specific guidance. The guidance is based on the principle&#13;that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the&#13;consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance also requires additional&#13;disclosure about the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts
 including&#13;significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to fulfill a contract. This guidance became&#13;effective for the Group beginning on July 1
 2018
 and the Group has the option of using either a full retrospective or a modified&#13;retrospective approach for the adoption of the new standard. We adopted this standard using the modified retrospective approach&#13;on July 1

 we have completed our impact assessment of implementing this guidance. We have evaluated each of the five steps&#13;in Topic 606

&#13;upon delivery under both ASC Topic 605 and ASC Topic 606
 as applicable under the terms of the contract with the customer. Additionally

 business processes and internal control over financial reporting that are associated with implementing&#13;Topic 606. We have evaluated our policies
 processes
 and control framework for revenue recognition

 disclosure requirements&#13;under the new guidance in Topic 606 have been significantly expanded in comparison to the disclosure requirements under the current&#13;guidance
 including disclosures related to disaggregation of revenue into appropriate categories
 performance obligations
 the&#13;judgments made in revenue recognition determinations
 adjustments to revenue which relate to activities from previous quarters&#13;or years
 any significant reversals of revenue

 creditworthiness&#13;of the clients




 plant and equipment. The indication could be an unfavorable&#13;development of a business or severe economic slowdown as well as reorganization of the operation. In assessing value in use
 the&#13;estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value



 assets and liabilities are translated from the&#13;subsidiaries&amp;#8217; functional currencies to the reporting currency at the exchange rate at the balance sheet date. Equity amounts&#13;are translated at historical exchange rates; revenues
 expenses
 and other gains and losses are translated using the average rate&#13;for the period. Translation adjustments are reported as cumulative translation adjustments and are shown as a separate component&#13;of other comprehensive income/(loss) in the consolidated statements of operations. During 2019 and 2018

 respectively.&#13;Translation differences are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss

 2018 and RMB 6.8650 on June 29
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;
 representing&#13;the noon buying rate set forth in the H.10 statistical release of the U.S. Federal Reserve Board. No representation is made that&#13;the RMB amounts could have been
 or could be converted


 2017
 the United&#13;States enacted TCJA which instituted fundamental changes to the taxation of multinational corporations
 including a reduction of&#13;the U.S. corporate income tax rate to 21% beginning in 2018. The TCJA also requires a one-time transition tax on the mandatory&#13;deemed repatriation of the cumulative earnings of the Company&amp;#8217;s foreign subsidiary as of December 31
 2017. To determine&#13;the amount of this transition tax
 the Company must determine the amount of earnings generated since inception by the relevant&#13;foreign subsidiary
 as well as the amount of non-U.S. income taxes paid on such earnings
 in addition to potentially other factors.&#13;The Company acquired the foreign operations on 29 June 2018


 term deposits
 trade and other receivables

 the Group remeasures its previously held equity interest in the acquire immediately before obtaining control at its&#13;acquisition-date fair value and the re-measurement gain or loss
 if any

 the carrying amounts of the assets and liabilities&#13;transferred shall remain unchanged subsequent to the transaction

&#13;the Group is subject to loss contingencies
 such as legal proceedings and claims arising out of its business
 that cover a wide&#13;range of matters
 including
 among others
 government investigations
 shareholder lawsuits
 and non-income tax matters. An accrual&#13;for a loss contingency is recognized when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably&#13;estimated. If a potential material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible
 or is probable but cannot be estimated
&#13;then the nature of the contingent liability
 together with an estimate of the range of possible loss if determinable and material

 2018
 we adopted ASU&#13;No. 2014-09
 &amp;#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&amp;#8221; and the related amendments using the modified retrospective method.&#13;The adoption of ASC 606 had no impact on total reported revenues

 the FASB issued&#13;ASU No. 2017-01
 &amp;#8220;Business Combinations: Clarifying the Definition of a Business&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU 2017-01&amp;#8221;). ASU&#13;2017-01 clarifies the definition of a business for determining whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions (or&#13;disposals) of assets or businesses. ASU 2017-01 is effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods&#13;beginning after December 15
 2017
 and early adoption is permitted. The Company adopted this standard on July 1

 FASB issued ASU&#13;No. 2016-15
 Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. The standard provides new authoritative guidance addressing&#13;eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice in how certain transactions are&#13;presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The standard is effective for the Group in the first quarter of the fiscal&#13;year 2019. The Company adopted this standard on July 1

 2019 will have no significant impact to the provision&#13;for income taxes and will have no impact to the net cash used in
 or generated by
 operating
 investing

 the FASB issued&#13;an accounting standard update
 Leases (Topic 842)
 (&amp;#8220;ASC 842&amp;#8221;) which supersedes the lease recognition requirements&#13;in Leases (Topic 840)
 (&amp;#8220;ASC 840&amp;#8221;). ASC 842 establishes a right- of-use (&amp;#8220;ROU&amp;#8221;) model that requires a lessee&#13;to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases. Consistent with ASC 840
 leases will be classified&#13;as either finance or operating
 with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the statements of operations.&#13;The new guidance will be effective for us starting in the first quarter of our fiscal year ending June 30
 2020. ASC 842 requires&#13;a modified retrospective transition approach for capital and operating leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning&#13;of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. In July 2018
 the FASB issued an accounting standard&#13;update which amends ASC 842 and offers an additional (and optional) transition method by which entities may elect not to recast&#13;the comparative periods presented in financial statements in the period of adoption. This ASU has the same transition requirements&#13;and effective date as ASC 842. We will adopt ASC 842 using the optional adoption method and thereby not adjust comparative financial&#13;statements. Consequently
 our reporting for the comparative periods presented in the year of adoption would continue to be in accordance&#13;with ASC 840

 as well as changes to&#13;its systems
 processes

    
    
    
    

 returns

&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 1.8pt 0pt 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30
&lt;br /&gt; 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%&gt;Revenue&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;101
759
660&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;104
270
083&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;15
188
650&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Other income&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;155
700&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;133
321&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;19
420&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;101
915
360&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;104
403
404&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;15
208

&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 1.8pt 0pt 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 1.8pt 0pt 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30
&lt;br /&gt; 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%&gt;Revenue&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;101
759
660&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;104
270
083&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;15
188
650&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Other income&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;155
700&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;133
321&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;19
420&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;101
915
360&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;104
403
404&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;15
208


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 1.8pt 0pt 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30


&lt;br /&gt; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30

    
    
    
    
    
    



&lt;br /&gt; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30
&lt;br /&gt; 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: left&gt;Accrued payroll and bonus&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;272
408&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;301
894&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;43
976&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Accrued and other payables&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3
022
597&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3
430
703&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;499
738&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Other tax payables&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;623
868&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;466
538&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;67
959&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Receipts in advance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1
221
152&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1
499
033&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;218
359&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;5
140
025&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;5
698
168&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;830


&lt;br /&gt; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30
&lt;br /&gt; 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: left&gt;Accrued payroll and bonus&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;272
408&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;301
894&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;43
976&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Accrued and other payables&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3
022
597&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3
430
703&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;499
738&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Other tax payables&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;623
868&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;466
538&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;67
959&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Receipts in advance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1
221
152&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1
499
033&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;218
359&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;5
140
025&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;5
698
168&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;830

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

581 that may be offset against future federal income taxes. If not used

&lt;br /&gt; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30
&lt;br /&gt; 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;Profit before income tax&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;59
767
974&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;59
308
503&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;8
639
258&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Taxation at the applicable tax rate of 25%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;14
941
994&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;14
827
126&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
159
814&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Tax effect on non-taxable income&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(42
182&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(33
323&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(4
854&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Tax effects of expense that are not deductible&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;808
014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4
696
259&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;684
086&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;(Over)/under-provision in respect of previous year&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(612
145&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(161
989&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(23
596&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Income taxes&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;15
095
681&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;19
328
073&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;2
815


&lt;br /&gt; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30
&lt;br /&gt; 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;Profit before income tax&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;59
767
974&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;59
308
503&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;8
639
258&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Taxation at the applicable tax rate of 25%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;14
941
994&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;14
827
126&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
159
814&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Tax effect on non-taxable income&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(42
182&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(33
323&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(4
854&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Tax effects of expense that are not deductible&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;808
014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4
696
259&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;684
086&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;(Over)/under-provision in respect of previous year&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(612
145&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(161
989&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(23
596&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Income taxes&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;15
095
681&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;19
328
073&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;2
815


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0.8pt 0pt 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;Settlement&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;Repayment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;New Loans&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30
&lt;br /&gt; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 55%; text-align: left&gt;Amount due to director&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: right&gt;(13
395
233&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: right&gt;(95
976
484&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: right&gt;(109
371
717&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Amount due from director&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;11
814
199&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1
326
150&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;13
140
349&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Net amount due to director&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;(1
581
034&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;(94
650
334&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;(96
231
368&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 1.8pt 0pt 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;July 1
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 1.8pt 0pt 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;Settlement&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;Repayment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;New Loans&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30
&lt;br /&gt; 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Amount due to director&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(109
371
717&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;398
911&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;6
000
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(4
953
831&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(108
115
423&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Amount due from director&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;13
140
349&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(199
508&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;12
940
841&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Net amount due from/(to) director&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;(96
231
368&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;398
911&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;6
000
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;(5
153
339&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;(95
174


 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; padding-right: 0.8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 20%; padding-right: 0.8pt; vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Registered&#13;    and paid-in capital of RMB 69


 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 0.8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 0.8pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Established&#13;    in the PRC on July 5
 2004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 0.8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-right: 0.8pt; vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Registered&#13;    and paid-in capital of US$ 1
650

 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 0.8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 0.8pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Established&#13;    in the PRC on November 7
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 0.8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-right: 0.8pt; vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Registered&#13;    and Paid-in capital of RMB 1
000

 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 0.8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 0.8pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Established&#13;    in the PRC on November 7
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 0.8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-right: 0.8pt; vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Registered&#13;    capital 10
000
000 (note ii)and Paid-in capital of RMB 5
000

 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 0.8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 0.8pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Established&#13;    in the PRC on April 14
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 0.8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-right: 0.8pt; vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Registered&#13;    and issued capital of RMB1
000

000 on March 31
 2037
 which is 20&#13;years from the date of incorporation permitted by the Regulation of the People's Republic of China on Company Registration.&#13;The amount due to the subsidiary is interest-free and unsecured.&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; width: 100%&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left&gt;(ii)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;On August 13
 2018
 the Company increased the number&#13;of the authorized Common Stock from 5
000
000 to 10
000


 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; padding-right: 0.8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 20%; padding-right: 0.8pt; vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Registered&#13;    and paid-in capital of RMB 69


 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 0.8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 0.8pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Established&#13;    in the PRC on July 5
 2004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 0.8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-right: 0.8pt; vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Registered&#13;    and paid-in capital of US$ 1
650

 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 0.8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 0.8pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Established&#13;    in the PRC on November 7
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 0.8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-right: 0.8pt; vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Registered&#13;    and Paid-in capital of RMB 1
000

 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 0.8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 0.8pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Established&#13;    in the PRC on November 7
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 0.8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-right: 0.8pt; vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Registered&#13;    capital 10
000
000 (note ii)and Paid-in capital of RMB 5
000

 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 0.8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 0.8pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Established&#13;    in the PRC on April 14
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 0.8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-right: 0.8pt; vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Registered&#13;    and issued capital of RMB1
000

000 on March 31
 2037
 which is 20&#13;years from the date of incorporation permitted by the Regulation of the People's Republic of China on Company Registration.&#13;The amount due to the subsidiary is interest-free and unsecured.&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; width: 100%&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left&gt;(ii)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;On August 13
 2018
 the Company increased the number&#13;of the authorized Common Stock from 5
000
000 to 10
000















    

650


000


000


000
000 (note ii)and Paid-in capital of RMB 5
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 Ltd&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 0.8pt; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 0.8pt; width: 20%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Established in the&#13;    PRC on September 8
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 0.8pt; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 0.8pt; width: 20%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Registered and&#13;    issued capital of RMB5
000


 2018
 Fenyang Huaxin Spirit Development Co.
 Ltd acquired 20% of Guangzhou Silicon Technology Co.


 2018
 Oranco
 Inc.&#13;acquired 100% of the issued capital of Reliant in a share for share exchange with the shareholders of Reliant at that time. Due&#13;to the relative size of the companies

 Oranco issued an aggregated 349
296
000 new shares of common stock
 with par value of $0.001 per share
 of which 28
000
000&#13;were issued on the closing date of June 29
 2018. The remaining 321
296
000 shares were issued on May 29
 2019&amp;#160;&amp;#160; following&#13;the completion of the increase of the Company's authorized shares on February 15

 Oranco
&#13;Inc. was a shell company with minimal assets and operations. The transaction has been treated as a group reconstruction and has&#13;been accounted for using the reverse merger accounting method. Accordingly
 the consolidated financial statements have been treated&#13;as being a continuation of the consolidated financial statements of Reliant
 with Oranco
 Inc. being treated as the acquired entity&#13;for accounting purposed. Accordingly



051
934 of the amount due to a director relates to Reliant&amp;#8217;s acquisition of Sure Rich Investment (Group) Limited being&#13;the consideration of Sure Rich Investment (Group) Limited payable by Reliant. The amount is due to the seller of Sure Rich Investment&#13;(Group) Limited




 the FASB issued&#13;an accounting standard update
 Leases (Topic 842)
 The adoption of the standard in the financial quarter ended September 30
 2019&#13;would imply the recognition of lease asset of Renminbi 703
414 and lease liabilities of Renminbi 703


 Ltd&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 0.8pt; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 0.8pt; width: 20%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Established in the&#13;    PRC on September 8
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 0.8pt; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 0.8pt; width: 20%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Registered and&#13;    issued capital of RMB5
000




    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    

    



    
    

    


    
    
    

    


    

    
    






    


    

    

    
    


    
    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    




    
    

    

&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0.8pt 0pt 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;Settlement&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;Repayment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;New Loans&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30
&lt;br /&gt; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 55%; text-align: left&gt;Amount due to director&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: right&gt;(13
395
233&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: right&gt;(95
976
484&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: right&gt;(109
371
717&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Amount due from director&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;11
814
199&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1
326
150&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;13
140
349&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Net amount due to director&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;(1
581
034&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;(94
650
334&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;(96
231
368&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 1.8pt 0pt 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;July 1
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 1.8pt 0pt 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;Settlement&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;Repayment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;New Loans&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30
&lt;br /&gt; 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Amount due to director&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(109
371
717&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;398
911&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;6
000
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(4
953
831&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(108
115
423&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Amount due from director&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;13
140
349&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(199
508&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;12
940
841&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Net amount due from/(to) director&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;(96
231
368&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;398
911&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;6
000
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;(5
153
339&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;(95
174


&lt;br /&gt; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30
&lt;br /&gt; 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Revenue&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;14
359
832&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;14
359

    
    
    
    
    
    

&#13;Inc. (the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on June 16
 1977. The Company has been&#13;in the business of the development of mineral deposits. During 1983 all activities were abandoned
 and the Company had remained&#13;inactive until June 29

 2018
 the Company entered into a business agreement with Guangzhou&#13;Silicon Technology Co.
 Ltd on August 20
 2018 to have Guangzhou Silicon Technology Co.





 either in the Statement of Operations or as a change to&#13;other comprehensive income. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured


 trade receivables
 deposits
 prepayments and other receivables
 prepaid land lease
&#13;trade payables
 receipts in advance
 accruals and other payables
 and bank borrowings. The carrying values of the Group&amp;#8217;s&#13;financial instruments approximate their fair values




 the FASB issued ASU&#13;No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)
 to update the financial reporting requirements for revenue recognition.&#13;Topic 606 outlines a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers.&#13;It supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance
 including industry-specific guidance. The guidance is based on the principle&#13;that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the&#13;consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance also requires additional&#13;disclosure about the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts
 including&#13;significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to fulfill a contract. This guidance became&#13;effective for the Group beginning on July 1
 2018
 and the Group has the option of using either a full retrospective or a modified&#13;retrospective approach for the adoption of the new standard. We adopted this standard using the modified retrospective approach&#13;on July 1

 we have completed our impact assessment of implementing this guidance. We have evaluated each of the five steps&#13;in Topic 606

&#13;upon delivery under both ASC Topic 605 and ASC Topic 606
 as applicable under the terms of the contract with the customer. Additionally

 business processes and internal control over financial reporting that are associated with implementing&#13;Topic 606. We have evaluated our policies
 processes
 and control framework for revenue recognition

 disclosure requirements&#13;under the new guidance in Topic 606 have been significantly expanded in comparison to the disclosure requirements under the current&#13;guidance
 including disclosures related to disaggregation of revenue into appropriate categories
 performance obligations
 the&#13;judgments made in revenue recognition determinations
 adjustments to revenue which relate to activities from previous quarters&#13;or years
 any significant reversals of revenue


 creditworthiness&#13;of the clients






 plant and equipment. The indication could be an unfavorable&#13;development of a business or severe economic slowdown as well as reorganization of the operation. In assessing value in use
 the&#13;estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value



    


 assets and liabilities are translated from the&#13;subsidiaries&amp;#8217; functional currencies to the reporting currency at the exchange rate at the balance sheet date. Equity amounts&#13;are translated at historical exchange rates; revenues
 expenses
 and other gains and losses are translated using the average rate&#13;for the period. Translation adjustments are reported as cumulative translation adjustments and are shown as a separate component&#13;of other comprehensive income/(loss) in the consolidated statements of operations. During 2019 and 2018

 respectively.&#13;Translation differences are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss

 2018 and RMB 6.8650 on June 29
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;
 representing&#13;the noon buying rate set forth in the H.10 statistical release of the U.S. Federal Reserve Board. No representation is made that&#13;the RMB amounts could have been
 or could be converted



 2017
 the United&#13;States enacted TCJA which instituted fundamental changes to the taxation of multinational corporations
 including a reduction of&#13;the U.S. corporate income tax rate to 21% beginning in 2018. The TCJA also requires a one-time transition tax on the mandatory&#13;deemed repatriation of the cumulative earnings of the Company&amp;#8217;s foreign subsidiary as of December 31
 2017. To determine&#13;the amount of this transition tax
 the Company must determine the amount of earnings generated since inception by the relevant&#13;foreign subsidiary
 as well as the amount of non-U.S. income taxes paid on such earnings
 in addition to potentially other factors.&#13;The Company acquired the foreign operations on 29 June 2018



 term deposits
 trade and other receivables


 the Group remeasures its previously held equity interest in the acquire immediately before obtaining control at its&#13;acquisition-date fair value and the re-measurement gain or loss
 if any


 the carrying amounts of the assets and liabilities&#13;transferred shall remain unchanged subsequent to the transaction


&#13;the Group is subject to loss contingencies
 such as legal proceedings and claims arising out of its business
 that cover a wide&#13;range of matters
 including
 among others
 government investigations
 shareholder lawsuits
 and non-income tax matters. An accrual&#13;for a loss contingency is recognized when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably&#13;estimated. If a potential material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible
 or is probable but cannot be estimated
&#13;then the nature of the contingent liability
 together with an estimate of the range of possible loss if determinable and material


 2018
 we adopted ASU&#13;No. 2014-09
 &amp;#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&amp;#8221; and the related amendments using the modified retrospective method.&#13;The adoption of ASC 606 had no impact on total reported revenues

 the FASB issued&#13;ASU No. 2017-01
 &amp;#8220;Business Combinations: Clarifying the Definition of a Business&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU 2017-01&amp;#8221;). ASU&#13;2017-01 clarifies the definition of a business for determining whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions (or&#13;disposals) of assets or businesses. ASU 2017-01 is effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods&#13;beginning after December 15
 2017
 and early adoption is permitted. The Company adopted this standard on July 1

 FASB issued ASU&#13;No. 2016-15
 Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. The standard provides new authoritative guidance addressing&#13;eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice in how certain transactions are&#13;presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The standard is effective for the Group in the first quarter of the fiscal&#13;year 2019. The Company adopted this standard on July 1

 2019 will have no significant impact to the provision&#13;for income taxes and will have no impact to the net cash used in
 or generated by
 operating
 investing


 the FASB issued&#13;an accounting standard update
 Leases (Topic 842)
 (&amp;#8220;ASC 842&amp;#8221;) which supersedes the lease recognition requirements&#13;in Leases (Topic 840)
 (&amp;#8220;ASC 840&amp;#8221;). ASC 842 establishes a right- of-use (&amp;#8220;ROU&amp;#8221;) model that requires a lessee&#13;to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases. Consistent with ASC 840
 leases will be classified&#13;as either finance or operating
 with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the statements of operations.&#13;The new guidance will be effective for us starting in the first quarter of our fiscal year ending June 30
 2020. ASC 842 requires&#13;a modified retrospective transition approach for capital and operating leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning&#13;of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. In July 2018
 the FASB issued an accounting standard&#13;update which amends ASC 842 and offers an additional (and optional) transition method by which entities may elect not to recast&#13;the comparative periods presented in financial statements in the period of adoption. This ASU has the same transition requirements&#13;and effective date as ASC 842. We will adopt ASC 842 using the optional adoption method and thereby not adjust comparative financial&#13;statements. Consequently
 our reporting for the comparative periods presented in the year of adoption would continue to be in accordance&#13;with ASC 840

 as well as changes to&#13;its systems
 processes

    
    





    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

























000 on March 31
 2038

      

 2018
 the Company increased the number of the authorized Common Stock from 5
000
000 to 10
000


296
000 shares of Oranco
 Inc. were issued to the sellers of Reliant Galaxy International Limited on May 29
 2019. The increase of the Company's authorized common stock to 500
000
000 was completed on February 15


296
000 new shares at $0.001 per share are part of the consideration of the acquisition of Reliant Galaxy International Limited by the company. The aggregated nominal value of the shares is US$321























	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  



 Plant and Equipment

	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  



 Plant and Equipment

	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  



 Plant and Equipment

	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  










































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 Plant and Equipment



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      










      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      





















      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      






      






      


      


      


      


      



 plant



      


      


      


      


      


      


      








      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      







 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT











      


      


      


      










      


      


      


      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      



 returns



      


      



 plant and equipment







      


      


      


      


      


      

      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      






      


      


      






      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 plant and equipment



      


 plant and equipment



      


      


      






      


      









      


      


      


      




      


      


      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      






      





      


      

      

      

      


      






      






      






      






      






      






      


      











 Shares



      





      





      


      


      


      


      


      





      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      






      


      










      


      


      


      


      


      






























































      


      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      





      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 whether based on weight
 negotiated freight rates and method of transportation (that is
 rail
 barge
 truck


      

      

      

      

      

      







      

      




      


 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products


      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      

      

      

      



















      

      




      

      










      




      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      




      

      




      

      


 Plant


      

      

      

      





 Excluding Capitalized Interest


      










      




      


 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant


      

      

      








 Trade





      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 Tax Exempt Income





      




      




      

      



























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 image_001.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 &C B4# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#W^BBB@ HH
C_\ /A%^M'_-Z/_ 

_K3O^$;
MT?\ Y\(OUH U:*RO^$;T?_GPB_6C_A&]'_Y\(OUH U:*RO\ A&]&_P?+]:


T5Q$LL
MBR1L
JZG((]C3Z 



# L-C1GKG;U'USTKKZ

MBBB@#)T/[^J?]?TG\A6M63H?W]4_POZ3^0K6H **** BBB@CK*7
FB7R


MO$NV*RSK#/O1'#*N0





]*D\C7O^?ZQ

!V_P#BJUJ* 
GR



M9


TGQ.;YKVNA!:WLR%I87;![XCU(YYZ=.:OZ1_P ?VL?]??\ [32@!/(U
M[_G^L?\ P';_ .*H\C7O^?ZQ_P# =O\ XJM:B@#)\C7O^?ZQ_P# =O\ XJCR

!V_P#BJUJ* 

!V_P#BJ/(U[_G^L?\ P';_ .*K
M6HH R?(U[_G^L?\ P';_ .*H\C7O^?ZQ_P# =O\ XJM:B@#)\C7O^?ZQ_P#



M_P#VFE &K1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%


M% $G]HV7_/Y;_P#?P4?VC9?\_EO_ -_!4?\ 8^F?] ZT_P__X53N!X:M+D
M6URFEPSD B.18U8@]\'M0!H?VC9?\_EO_P!_!1_:-E_S^6__ '\%0R:9I
43


MVC9?\_EO_P!_!1_:-E_S^6__ '\%5+6UT*]4M:V^G3 =3'&C8_2E2ST22\EM

_Z!


,C([4D]AH]K'YDUC9HFX+GR%ZDX':@S_:-E_S^6_\ W\%']HV7
M_/Y;_P#?P5$-)TMNFGV9YQQO^%0FTT,7PLC:6/VDQ^:(O)7)3.,].F: +?]
MHV7_ #^6_P#W\%']HV7_ #^6_P#W\%1_V/IG_0.M/^__P%']CZ9_T#K3_O
MPO\ A0!*M]:.P5;J!F/  D!)JQ6#KFFV$&G+)#96T;BX@PR1*/WJ]#BMZ@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B



M1BT4;1HZQ/&_FY8G'&

M#D$#KD'M6SX0M9TMY9IIVN(8
VUK

MQS)

 X;[M
37I8;G5-/32UCEL/+^SQ8 7/PI''RC.1WY%
M '('3=?72UAM]

M2?



7Q):R-:RQ M9SRB'S2NUS]

WV'41:/=PR

-:ZE
MN:*S+[IP29%D/F'.?[N

FY7.

MU=M:/8M#/
9AYN\


]DN);N*5!$X50/
8

M566-G(9E8[F'!.5%=)_Q4/\ U#/_ )3$EUV1W5'TIFC.UP_P IQG!_ T 1

DUPBHSHJ@X#!N?[W

B4 8\/@18+CSTU:YW[@S$HI+$*R@D]

JA?GD12N[IQD=1[5J?\ %0_]0S_R)1_Q4/\

GDFNIK(_XJ'_J&?\ D2C_


.6PK!N
_2MV@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***H:OK-CH

6Y!



M+DN3ZUU?_/:/_T#;;_O@4?\(]H__0.MO^^!0!S,6@WMOKT4=O?P1:*(1&Z)
M+MRNU@R;1ZD@@YXQZFN=^&?@O4?#OBO7+[5]3FFMXI##8B6X+5#SYA&?3 _

ML51_X1[1_P#H'6W_ 'P*BDTCP_%&TDEI9(BG#
P  /H30!I_:;?_ )[Q?]]B







_
.M=!0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110!EZ-_K=4_POY_\ T%*U*R]&_P!;JG_7\_\ ZE:E &5XCLUO]%E






M+&2-R3P

M13;WA:41M HBR9D=MJNO/3..N
9%21^
M-EEM8UCN=UP54?N_N
Q( (^JGID





9P

+/^]!:)A)GG



$8.
MT9'I3Z** 

MVH L44TR(I(9U!4;CD]!ZT(ZR('1@RL



6WMX3=W!2Z:[4-.
M#EVSD'U'S'CWK0_L#1_^@79_]^5_PIDNCZ% F^:PL(USC+Q(!^M %/PKH\4
M



]*
M 
+5?!-I-91V]I=2R1_NUD22[*DJ@.W# '!&3VYK;TG2Q970NKJ\6:9+=;:

M'G1?\]4_[Z%4?[ T?_H%V?\ WY7_  H_L#1_^@79_P#?E?\ @]YT7_ #U3

M_/5/^^A1YT7_ #U3_OH51_L#1_\ H%V?_?E?\*/[ T?_ *!=G_WY7_@]YT
M7_/5/^^A1YT7_/5/^^A5'^P-'_Z!=G_WY7_C^P-'_Z!=G_WY7_@]YT7_/
M5/\ OH4GG1?\]4_[Z%4O[ T?_H%V?_?E?\*/[ T?_H%V?_?E?\* *SNC^+K;
M:RM_H;]#G^(5M55M=,L+*0R6MG;P.PP6CCDCTXJU0 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !14
M7VF#_GO'_P!]BC[3!_SWC_[[% $M%1?:8/\ GO'_ -]BC[3!_P ]X_\ OL4
M2T5%]I@_Y[Q_]]BC[3!_SWC_ .^Q0!+45TLS6DRV[!9C&PC8] V.#^='VF#_

M#=@
]O2H?NG#^U]&:XBU G['.9?M,+!?,\P%=Q(ZXR1FO1_M,'_ #WC_P^






MD?\ 0
M/^_*_X4?V!I'_ $#+3_ORO^%:-% &=_8&D?\ 0
M/^_*_X4?V!I'_
M $#+3_ORO^%:-% &=_8&D?\ 0
M/^_*_X4?V!I'_ $#+3_ORO^%:-% &=_8&
MD?\ 0
M/^_*_X4?V!I'_ $#+3_ORO^%:-


M\*/[ TC_ *!EI_WY7_M&B@#._L#2/\ H&6G_?E?\*/[ TC_ *!EI_WY7_M
M&B@#._L#2/\ H&6G_?E?\*/[ TC_ *!EI_WY7_M&B@#._L#2/\ H&6G_?E?
M\*/[ TC_ *!EI_WY7_M&B@#._L#2/\ H&6G_?E?\*/[ TC_ *!EI_WY7_M
M&B@#._L#2/\ H&6G_?E?\*/[ TC_ *!EI_WY7_M&B@#._L#2/\ H&6G_?E?

MVPVM_;3R_:YI-D4H8[=_7 [4 :']@:1_T#+3_ORO^%']@:1_T#+3_ORO^%:-
M% &=_8&D?] RT_[\K_A1_8&D?] RT_[\K_A6C10!G?V!I'_0
M/^_*_X4?V!
MI'_0
M/^_*_X5HT4 9W]@:1_T#+3_ORO^%']@:1_T#+3_ORO^%:-% &=_8&D
M?] RT_[\K_A1_8&D?] RT_[\K_A6C10!G?V!I'_0
M/^_*_X4?V!I'_0
M/^
M_*_X5HT4 9W]@:1_T#+3_ORO^%']@:1_T#+3_ORO^%:-% &=_8&D?] RT_[\
MK_A1_8&D?] RT_[\K_A6C10!G?V!I'_0
M/^_*_X4?V!I'_0
M/^_*_X5HT4
M 9W]@:1_T#+3_ORO^%']@:1_T#+3_ORO^%:-% &=_8&D?] RT_[\K_A1_8&D
M?] RT_[\K_A6C10!G?V!I'_0
M/^_*_X4?V!I'_0
M/^_*_X5HT4 9W]@:1_
MT#+3_ORO^%']@:1_T#+3_ORO^%:-% &=_8&D?] RT_[\K_A1_8&D?] RT_[\
MK_A6C10!G?V!I'_0
M/^_*_X4?V!I'_0
M/^_*_X5HT4 9W]@:1_T#+3_ORO
M^%']@:1_T#+3_ORO^%:-% &=_8&D?] RT_[\K_A1_8&D?] RT_[\K_A6C10!
MG?V!I'_0
M/^_*_X4?V!I'_0
M/^_*_X5HT4 9W]@:1_T#+3_ORO^%']@:1_
MT#+3_ORO^%:-% &=_8&D?] RT_[\K_A1_8&D?] RT_[\K_A6C10!G?V!I'_0
M
M/^_*_X45HT4 %%%% !1110 4444 %

MV5K82:A+)8V1W6L+(
H0$W-_$%SP..@JQHGAQ]&65?[0DG#VT5N8PI7RP0




MT2!U9%/[G/+=.WM5G[+;_P#/O%_WP* *_P#;6E?]!.R_[_K_ (T?VUI7_03L
*


ACD1ITPRD8(ZUP?PR\(:+

L4@G7*VX/R#KU/4_A7=W^H:)I;JE]+:V[/RH=0
\X]/6K




M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
O3?^0QK'_7:


=3P




ML&G7*6Q


MMI!=VS7)@:W




CITI\_BJ*.[E2WL6=&GDM$N-
MP :=%+;6'4#@C-4H]=U2T\






M/^1OE_Z\E_\ 0S6O0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% &+N73M8U(OI]Y*DSHZ/#%N4@( ?U%3_ -NG_H%:
MG_X#_P#UZUZ* ,C^W3_TM3_ / ?_PO574;^+4[6TGTK5-D@ZBWY4@Y!'N

G@9YXJI%::1#%'&GA_4P(IVN$)
MC8E7;[Q!SGGN.AK9N_$FF66JQ:;-
?M



]
M.E7)+319;F.X?PU?%XP-H^SD*




MHB6?/F$0L 21M+8S@



S
M+(T4$9D<1KN; &3@=ZX[X?\ CO1/%4^HVNE-<R/'-)<.SPE5L_R\GN?3V-
M'=4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!APWVM7K3O:PV*PI
\2^8S;CM8KDX^E2[O$
M7_//3?\ OIZ=H'_'I=?]?D__ *

MBS7[[1+_ $B&U\ORKV5XY&
32


[:6:TABLKIY+

MS&
D]''(]:U5\23V




?6@


M7=62UNFMF;8MP$&TL8_













MJ* 

MLQ.'

MX_N$^XJ&]\
Z=?W\E[-]H$SF(DI.RC


;48_:


MX1;2_MCW2QS+


M)&DA
$K(5+$EAD'.#GD=*;+X4TN6665EG\R28S%Q
P*L5V


+LHB41B/ITW8SR/6ID\%Z/
'5F$RN;)4N+,QJ4;/F%A'<$8&#SS]* .J'A+2U@@@3[4L=O+YT0%R

6


BPQR+;R%B;;S&
(+9W83H
Y/YT6GAS3[%%%N)E*[0K&9B0J@A4S


Q97&UE.3R

MO]H\QG5W9IV8N578-V3R *

:@#6HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****

M?]^E_P * #^U-/\ ^?\ M?\ O\O^-']J:?\ \_\ :_\ ?Y?\:/[*T[_GPMO^
M_2_X4?V5IW_/A;?]^E_PH /[4T__ )_[7_O\O^-']J:?_P _]K_W^7_&C^RM
M._Y\+;_OTO\ A1_96G?\^%M_WZ7_  H /[4T_P#Y_PU_P_R_XT?VII_P#S
M_P!K_P!_E_QH_LK3O^?V_[]+_A1_96G?\^%M_WZ7_@*YN])N[=X+B[M)(
MG&&4S+_C3X]0TV- JWUM@#&3,N3^M._LK3O^?V_[]+_ (4?V5IW_/A;?]^E





MT=

N-PZ$C/.*G_ +*T[_GPMO\ OTO^
M%']E:=_SX6W_ 'Z7_@ _M33_P#G_M?^_P O^-']J:?_ ,_]K_W^7_&C^RM.
M_P?V_[]+_A1_96G?\ /A;?]^E_PH /[4T__G_M?^_R_P-']J:?_S_ -K_
M -_E_P :/[*T[_GPMO\ OTO^%']E:=_SX6W_ 'Z7_@ _M33_P#G_M?^_P O
M^-']J:?_ ,_]K_W^7_&C^RM._P?V_[]+_A1_96G?\ /A;?]^E_PH /[4T_
M_G_M?^_R_P-']J:?_S_ -K_ -_E_P :/[*T[_GPMO\ OTO^%']E:=_SX6W_

1QHJ(O 51@#\* 
W[)K/_05@_\  3_[*C['K'_0
M7B_\!!_\56I10!E?8M7_ .@PG_@(/_BJ/L&K_P#097_P%7_&M.66.&)I975(

9Z9K?B77=6N38W.QGMKB0JW^JMANV0*?]L[6
M<Y]:O6?B*ZTG[#I^K7%Q+)-+OWQL';8SA$4MQN&X]ASSC@5WHMX55U$2!92


MWP3J
MK:6NG636L
MK* LC+BWGF?][*P'&0F0H7H3BO5:* .!U#PS+I]Q?ZE

M3J BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HJEJ\CPZ+?21.4=('*L
M.H.T\UGVV@0R6L+M?:@69%)/VENN* -VBL?_ (1V#_G]U#_P):C_ (1V#_G]
MU#_P):@#8HK'_P$=@_Y_=0_\6H_P$=@_Y_=0_\6H V**Q_\ A'8/^?W4
M/_ EJ/\ A'8/^?W4/_ EJ -BBL?_ (1V#_G]U#_P):C_ (1V#_G]U#_P):@#
M8HK'_P$=@_Y_=0_\6H_P$=@_Y_=0_\6H V**Q_\ A'8/^?W4/_ EJ/\
MA'8/^?W4/_ EJ //H?ASJ2?&A]6-W=_V$$^UJOG-M,I/^KQGH#\V*]9K'_X1
MV#_G]U#_ ,6H_X1V#_G]U#_ 




;[B
@?:9

MAKX-7P3X0M].D5/MLA


JR]#0!2_X2'1O^@G:_\
M?T4?\)#HW_03M?\ OZ*T=J?W5_*C:G]U?RH SO\ A(=&_P@G:_]_!5*[NO#
M%]J-E?W-U9275B6:WD,@RA88./PK5N[VTL1;AE432KGRYRYZ#]*L[4_NK^
M5 &=_P )#HW_ $$[7_OZ*/\ A(=&_P@G:_]_16CM7^ZOY5GKK.F222QQ3I)



MB6-I$7;U52 3GIW% %?_ (2'1O\ H)VO_?T4?\)#HW_03M?^_HK1VIC.%_*C






3Z9IVF:U8:Y<:A!;!95M)!



J0
?R(VD\J/&Y\#.!GO7/OX@T<2Z/JUK9/









:RSK&0!$K9VY)[G!P/:GCQ!IJRQP3W M[ATW^3+PR\9VGL&P

8W'3Y

M0MU' 84LRQ13*!N5L8(*9)Z^O%=_;W$-W;1W%O*DL
BAD=#D
#W%9[:T5\4)


MO:K&&^SRV_\ K$*##%P


@Y^J?^AK6L.@H YN_TO4(
M/%$FL6D2W44]F+5XO,21$
U5)O#^L+_:6=NL$%Q


G% &

M@]N]
.F.: .:M



3&TGEE^4-\VX2 <

\9G/F/ND:-M@QSRN1ZU!HGB+5;J


B-2!GS
XQGL#0!NZ-X=OM*F%R;N!Y_*BMG*QD*


M*SD2AF4

MVL

$4\


5IG
MP7*EXTT&I+$GGI

QW&V/S9$
.%W#COS0!=M/ 0M(PO]H)

C\$W0R


M#4+B-8+TV]O]H








MUKNEV
QANK^&0'&UVQSC./KCFKL,T=QDT
BR1.







YSUYK0T)=+BL/+TE@UON\W(+')?

M5?36651K9+U8Y(V\M '0[L;05;C/?.* /3ZJOJ5HFH)8M
/M+C(0 GWY/0?C


MSU*-%C 4)=@88P;6_B_OXH ]2)P


M\*//\0?\^-C_ -_V_P * -&.SM8KE[F.WC6:3[\@4 M]34 T?31%)&+WV22
M5U\L89QT8^_O57S_$'_ #XV/_?]O\*//\0?\^-C_P!_V_PH 34/#5A?R6Y

V/FX]S5Y],L))8Y7LK=GB $;&,$J!TQZ8JEY_B#_GQL?\
MO^W^%'G^(/\ GQL?^_[?X4 6FT73&@:!KV






M
?X@_Y\;'_
M +_M_A1Y_B#_ )\;'_O^W^% &FUK;LLBM!$5D.7!088^_K52/1[6/6)=3PS3
MR1K'AL%4YQM';J?SJOY_B#_ )\;'_O^W^%'G^(/^?&Q_P_[?X4 ::6T$;*

GZFLKS_$'_ #XV/_?]O\*//\0?\^-C

X]
^E9?G^(/^?&Q_[_M_A1Y_B#_G

M-:4Q%\8?;G!!!''?I53['K?_06@_P# 3_[*@#6HK)^QZW_T%H/_  $_^RH^
MQZW_ -!:#_P$_P#LJ -7 SG STS2UD_8];_ZT'_ (?_94?8];_ .@M!_X
M?_94 :;PQR

M3_[*@#6HK)^QZW_T%H/_  $_^RH^QZW_ -!:#_P$_P#LJ -1T25DBJZ,,%6
M&0:555%JH51P !@LK['K?_ $%H/_ 3_PRH^QZW_T%H/\ P$_^RH UJ*R?


!/_LJ -:BLG['K?_06@_\  3_[*C['K?\ T%H/_ 3_ .RH UNM

M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
*444 %%%% '__V0$!
end








begin 644 image_002.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 !? G$# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#W^BBB@ HH


!!*NR;S 5





DP(








PRQ'H%X^M=%7'^(R?M&M\]







8D;;YC[%^

MMQ2U.LHK

M2*2-YIVA.URJX 4'L3S5.\T;1-)C
UQ=7D/FO_  W



6=O/97%V\LMW%:EGF?<F7!((;IT



MS2W&@Z;#K.FG40TWGVTK3RS2MRZA6R3GC@FG:UI%W#HC1RWL2Q-)'&EK:0B*
M

QAE

'O=7Z[?+_(5
OB(TM'NSIXY%EC61&#*PR.XIU<_I%]]GE%O(?W
M3GY3_=;T^A_G]:ZE4IN$K%4:JJQOUBBBLS8**** 
O6;]8(TLH[87=U= H
MD!^Z1CDMZ**P(K:ZT!(K:ZOWOO/#*FEPQ[E8$$8W



MHHHH ***:)$9F574E#A@#T[\T ./(ZXKG;CPH;HS&;6+]S
BI)_J_F522!]W




B A3Z9ZU)6M2L
MYQ2




MJ=)KBYE\QRB;5' & *TZ*F5:33C9*_96*CAXQDI7;MW;84445D;A1110 444

M




M2_FR?JL9-.I9VVT1S.I^]+EL7%C8P17*D,A;.UL'.T\]#TIM@)-,1EMO3P
MLXP_ES1G/MDG)%=111]8FX\L]5ZO_


1%ZLI _*N8?3KVW:22WPL:EF(<= *


12=6%HNS_I/\

MX QD8'7TKHA!$L[3B-1*RA6?')'I3(K*V@

MO^'ZO[SFA@YQT4M/GLFK+Y+0YY=5U9+*V#2O(YG$DDH'?RWVC 8[1UR:VK


6R!)X1
MOD). 


M)*WX?UYKU
G5[6Y1]+3^TIV)O0-Q1
C*-Z+CL?S^E-GOKUK75+Y+SR18R.J0
ME%*ML /S9&?F[8(ZBM;^R;#[*;7[+'Y);?M(_B]?K3I-+L9KE;B2UB:48^8K
MZ=


M)9APQ P
*M&2




MMT1N?:(//\CSH_.QGR]PW8^G6I*Y2#3)SJ#1W/VH.+PSAT@4JPW94^9U Q@$



M]?33^D]M5CCMQ++;7

M]


QHYQ@$_B/IGFHK/67N)



%LMC /. .14=IJY2&;[1OFE-Y-##'&H+
%8\#IT ZFH
M(O#\R

$LB74TPCE!V
LAS@XY!''/M

&3[RD=B*GM]2CNKEXHH9RJ
M

N%UK[:3!#'EMX
MAW9FSTW@\9'7/6LW&CK;MW\S6




A5NQ


MMO!*;:(PE2]NJ2NJM\R$'A\  \XSTYIYTQY8=ZQW
OG7ENTJ30+&-JGD[1CM


M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444



M$TBRDP@





MI7+J26[C@Y8]
5LT4*M-;
)8:E+XE?YO_

E%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 ?_V0$!
end








begin 644 image_003.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 !? G$# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#W^BBB@ HH



O6NHK<$DI1=TSIISDY.
E9K]0HHHK
UBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@


W#WT1B Z



*-*/M.645U[=+?W5
MW*_AVS2QU76X(V=D2:


*&*52;B].Q=HHHK ZPHHHH ****


O+%XL1 B2Z*JJ

MU%4BI(Q=6
UYJ]GI:7$L$





]#P150:BFIW]@;Z:UBB2


+ROG:BECCT%).YC

C#(
M([TZN?TB^^SR_9Y#^ZD/RD_PM_@?Y_6N@I5*;A*Q5JJL;]0HHHK,VBBB@#


A9) IQ^--)O1E)15Y
M.Q8/(ZXKG;CPFMT93-J^HN9D5),M'\RJ20/N=B371454*DH?R*E*%32:N81
M\.2F[6Z.MZCYRH8P^8^%)!(^YZ@46_AN2UA$4&MZDB9+8!CZDDG^#U)-:PO+

X7T Z5L4R::*WC
DTJ1H.K.P _


]XT#0[#LW9#-




_P#(5M/_  &_^O5K1]

GF.RIM XP !6G14R

M:U76[1E*@W=*6CZ63_











[O7ZT2J4KVM_7]?D$:%=J_-:_

M  ZCM6Q+#%
%$L:N%8.NX9PPY!^M1W-E:WFS[3!'+L.5WKG%9PJI)1:VN:U
HJ&TO;V'3=


MY&#V%;T8QDG==NMO4Y
34G%KE=M'TOKI9?U;U-QKD^=;K&J/'





M4122(4#D9VYX)_*FE=V9
FU%M*YG:5JT]Y?2)


OJ#FF_8/3;^E_P?04?K<5?=^=O[VN_IZDKZ[;0P7$EQ%/ UNJL\
M3H-VUC@$8)!&?0]J9)K$4%R\EPT\
:6IF:%XQP V-V1DY/I4-UHMU?QW4ES-



TL9
B

MUWT279VW^1

MXU&XA6/T& !U-0P^'Y4);?;QYO(KG9$A@( H']:2;PXTB(V8)9([B:4)
I
M*




=


J3V_G^522W$
&WS9HX]YPN]@-Q]JQA8YUZFDM&:-[&-(_.7+9^;(.



ML8VKU;:


N/;UJ:L



MMYGN'WR))-*DH92
QLB@ KQZ#OGO6E13]M/N+ZM2_E_K^F4C97!M_+_M&X\S
M=N
FU.1C&

MP48VL&'0 =1S6A11[6?

M2Y-I)]XPC%N26KBBBI+BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
5HHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** /_9
end








begin 644 image_004.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 #4 F$# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#W^BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBO//'WQ%AT..73-*D634B-LD@Y6#_%O;M4


Z6\
M7_-']5UZ=4_L&.1)HDEB=7C<!E93D$'N#3J\#^''Q(_L?R[&^D:329&PK'EK
M9N_'IZC\1[^\Q2QSQ)+$ZR1N RNIR&![@UZ-.HIKS/S_ !^ J8.=GK%[-;-?
MY]T/HHHK0X HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **^6M4UK6/[;U%$U:YCC

M:45\DCQ-J)F:+_A()MR@$DS-C\]U;7AC6M5E\6:7#+JES-$\\9(\UL'YP/7F



#I152&^\Z


M_&AX$@]#[^AK2


M+(_:4HU'42ND]N^O62/K6BODC_A*;[_H9)/^_P W_P 53O\ A)M2+($UZ:1F
5Y9#)+EW8L3

N:*9XN)HNA6G2;ORMK[@HHHJC **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

MSG=+SCZ#M7G.:BK


M\&?:3XLTAKO E:XC)4=%'F# H;NTUMZ^@J




;\JT3\K??N]MM.[
F\6*2YL;&
+EG#R$#V
MS^9J+39/-NYT-L)M\I


MQV7(_P :R;EF;7E6*)I%C3:JAB
XZX/M_2MU8E$/E'YAC!)[^IJD;61-0BN6



M.0?:O3OBQ_R4:?\ W8__ $6*\ZN+2[DU*6:.VMY%PJHTQSC'H*\]RM.2;TU_
M


MUV4O@7H?)9I_OM;_ !/\PHHHK0X0HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B

@_$^W94
MJ*\SY3 9?4QD[+2*WD]DO\ /LBS\2/B2NI++IVFS&/2T.)9AP;@^@_V?;O7
MF$4,ES(MQ=#:J\QPGHONWJ?Y4L,,D\JW-TNO




C[



HOO\













M^.U-JW6_](YZ
_;)R=.
7%=$UNI:=/R/:OBW9ZA-X6:ZM[TQV=N0;BW QYF2
:;8D$<K;20B.6P#P!WKO:I)-RW?]:'QM'&UXSI4HRLDUY+=:OOZOH90





MD;J2=KZ\L5;RZW\V_38S;;4(+6XN;B.$!V^6%0.%'J:GMKORM/FN[N-IVEE
M4/\ =) _E6O#I=E 
+;JQ]7^8_K5L(H0)M7:. N.*N5:#V1S8;)\7%?O*B5D



MQ/-
54*





U1


$;I8C@]1\XJGS77
OZT
:
:
8RC1F
M]%JN5*[M+7O\CZ.\778M?#TXR TI$:_CU_0&O-]+NOL6IVUQVCD5C]
\UVVM



G%S6R/KXYG2C7AAJ
MNE26W5/S3[/I^(ZBFOG:
9ZC..N*:ID&P



+;!\^WC'K2KO[@D;CC/7&*

A RN/E.0/7M2?/N/7&5Q_
M6JCH85U&JENFMFMU]_W-
6(R^2GG;?
Q\VWIGVI]

=)9:CI[

R\#!SSZ5I5JRA)*/S/BJLGS(Y'XOPBX\?74)9E#I&-RGD?NQ7

MD$A3@#G.:YI\[;Y=C]%P53!TZ5*597DXI)V;LN7RVNW9=;A&VJ6UO&ILH9=B
MA25?YB!1#=WMW.#+;F!
@@_

MUQ?PK_Y$R_ZZ2_^AFNTKOI? O0^)S3_ 'VK_B?YA1116APA1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110!Y[XY9]1\3:3I!8B)MI/U9L9_(5WT,,=M D,*!(XUJHZ N&^(-
MI-;7FGZY N?(8*Y]#N7\





-S33 .%[G'7\

/\ PT==+X#@/B#X%LM8A;5XBMO=
MQ8


#AS]3T-95M)-1^:[
MGH87'SCBJ+J3M&&B?9/\TNW:Z/)$=)8UDC8
C#(([TK

MCWDR^0Z

M:\G^'7HW)YB9P77.


JX89'N*@N+%KC)
F
M&\LH&[YJ%].EDBB#.-R*5QNR.3GKBFHPZLYZN)QRE+DIZ=/P\RZ;N!55C( &




B!9?\ 727_ -#-=G7&?Q67P%9
MA@0?,EX(_P!LUV==]+X%Z'Q69_[[5_Q/\PHHHK0X0HHHH **** BBB@ HHH

N





?DHK8UO7+30[-IIW!E(_=0@_




KR6 D[P.,,/2NGK*M?^0JG_7!__0EK5K625D7%)*R///'

MP/0?2N2K1E*;:
)TY.39/XQ\VGBK3UGBPZI'&/+FQC?Q]UO;W[5\ZZGI=[




A12GG74HS'$#CCU/M7/)J7CR^43P6211MRJE$7CZ,<TS5$6?XJ6D<H#H-
MF W087(_7FO0Z]3AAX0M%-R5[L\N*J8JI.\W&






K[*FY


M2!YC#L!C/ZUV#M:Z3IC-@16MM'G '10*Y3P_I\GB2_;Q#JJ[HMQ%I;MRJ@'K



OT]16Q7/^)-!-_&+^Q/DZI;?/%(G!?'\)]?\




M+JM^WDV.*75I4'EO]F+#9&!\TQ[9'I[=Z]^^'OP[CT6./5=6B5]1(S%$1D6X












ZE*%3X






M[C1-
NI6EFLHFD;[S8P3^50CPQHRG(L4_%F/]:UJ*EPB^@N5=BO:6-K8H4M8


OFW5JLDF





M .0
]\5:I3;LD9/$4DDV][_AN:]%

T8E$1D02$9;ADCZ5!;ZE:77GF*=(

M(9 





MS


DI(+;H]W/88[GGBJ1\1SQ07I98I6@

)I;F9IH?)
M=Y)


=G*RK!D9):





MAFS\[$$A1CIP.O/7I45MJM]J*P):1VZ2&UCN)6EW%07SA0!]#S2:K8S2W4KV






MSV]G--'$TKHA98U&2QQP*FHIK1B:;32.8M]



MZC+I]E+%UB8BGDF,R2;LCXYP
\X[U?NK9;348I([%I+:.RE4Q1QY#
WZ''FR:329#!:2QW,D\<UTHMH* _<52

ML^'?IV_K?KW




YJUTH\TH/\T
7DGYB. WC!QT'K70T4O;^YR6_K^M^XWA%[
M7VM^M]OP]%T[!1116!UA1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %9]UI








MJ**ER;W-(PC&[2WBBBI*BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H





M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
6444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% '__V0$!
end








begin 644 image_005.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 !L )(# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#W^BBB@ HH
MHH ***HZOJMGHNDW6I7\PAM;:
O(YYP!Z#N3T ]: #5=6L-%T^6_U&\BM;2(



Y^@KO*\)\06TEYX:\6^(I)YQYWB!(4MXVX

;=G^UW^FZ4?]0UK)Y



?



^S)G\0*ZNQO(=0T^V



MPQ=QX)@LI



TJVW%(;/3Y[Q@IQYCLRQJ#Z@ L?J:GU
M+QMIFFZQ#IS+-
[Y
WNH[<^;I<EQ+&0DA?:\

M






M=N?EX[DGK7UIJG@KPSK;.^IZ%87




GD'(R
M/SKH+:\MKV$36MQ%/$1D/$X8'\14Q.!D_K2LD7*K.:M)MG/OKE_IV8[S0-2E
T1A#<ZC'+=MPEG:_OIW/H$7)K$ET[7O'9ZS!+HOATG)T\/_I5V/25APB?[




Y*[CC)89S6]67X?LKC3]'M[6Z$0EB7;B)BR@=N2!G
M\JT)9HX$:25TCC499W; 'U-4MCGJ-.;:[DE%-1U=0RD%2
@@Y!IU

M+0?!OB#XE^+-5N+J6*U:*9I-2N91@1

M)&Z(_O))V(+3
1]XD?IZ@#HJ*@N;RWLX3-=31P1 @%Y6J
G R3[FL:_P#&

M2K8W8QDEOZU[RJ17U@BW-LNR5 7@F4-C(SM8=.*\;ECU'Q)\3C9Z#IUMX7FT
MZ


KVY!]@A _2H$^%GAG=FY

MYKVBSO[2^M?
M+NZC'!DAD#+GZB@#!T=?!FB7EWIFC_ -DVEW:1F2YBAVB1
M%')+GKQWSTKA/&OQ-33[_2K2:RGGMM1'F)9QW!@?RB=J/(P&?F.2%XP.N3T;
MXEL_5G=-XO6U

MTE7Y@C =PRX(KC_%7BE_B3#I_A;1M*U*TL]2NE$FIWEN8T01YD(0?Q-A/;I6

MO?.=$OK-;W3UN9

@E#KD=1D
M'K7S?\4_!VD^&&@UV^N+=M:U_$\FDPG]QY75P#PV,CEN,Y. *^A]TS3-
T


B[N?7


D+R
D#@#K7K.HZ?%J.F
M75A/_J;F%H7 '9@1_6N-T&34;^-9XY;


=UJ\Y!PA.08X5YX') ))P*]A\.^#](\


6W&UMHXWKM4#/Z5P'@[X:ZIINI6%

ME
%XH7D7=TR 3S5FF2JKQ
KJ&4C!4C((]Z 
?J?R!-:6ELEN\*6T*PG.8UC


T@BD5+!+S?%_2#E#DXSQD=.*W%B00^5M!CV[=IY&.F*8EI;11&.VA
M2%\AHUC 4_44 59-8C2YD@
;&1+;[0N3@.




C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R


M
6/M1NH!W?S2Z#ZD=/Q JTMW.RAENI2I&01*2#^M4_M]H;K[*LZ-..L:?
5^
MN.GXU!*O]G

MO\:A!!&001ZBEH E^TW'_/Q-_P!_&_QJ)KFXW'_2)O\ OXW^-%1/]XT 2T44



M#=6XN8#&6*G(97'5&'0BH8;J24&!]D5XH^92

M:BFM8[F/][&6'(;D%#Z@CH: ,RZT1-2EB?4[AKB*([E@A(\^I[G\35?5)Y

M@%.#@N0/P H 6QLX;RAM(!B*)0J^I]_K4%Q(;YFM(&/E])Y5Z*.Z ]V/Z#W
MJ0VDTP)N+AC'W2(;%/L3U/YBK:6YA@7RX2D*CC:F% H 15J%4 *!@ =A2T=

MF1O




L+0O:2R*/MF0R;AM63JN?Y?\-.CGB^RVT?GA)&MI(BQ.5


MC# =QZ^E5: HG^\:EJ)_O&@9%
DBHOWF8*/J:V5\*:P\\D



+$N8
MK9_WH!$6

?+9&& ^#[\'GO6M;Z-
MKYC


MDR)=L$9+-I&RK(8E0  N

52?[QKKO

GF.6Q
M]
U


C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R






EB\
M(/E.?]TU%INJWNB:G'?V

M:+J*:MHECJ* !;J!)0!VW '%7Z[#YUZ!1110 4C9VG'7M2UA^+M;/A[PKJ&J
M*



8UY*.U


QC 



LY+QW8X'\Z^J+&W6TLH+=1@1($'XLL/=MMG?G/+
MG




MV:SE

G!%7+YFU:^OR97BMK6<VZ1QG!8@#+

K



.N.H(R&&3Q187

/.

=0/ZFLJ.U+^(=1CM
M[BXMC+LD;8H*%E\@\\G(!!Z_K6+.^/DT*S&22+4E 

K.$RX(4/U; ./K5



 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_SellingandDistributionExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ScheduleOfSellingAndDistributionExpensesTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PrepaidLandLeaseNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PrepaidLandLeaseDisclosureTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

O+G)E;'.MDD^+
MPD 
Q;]*F?L:5\'#8CUYZ6U9_ )Q)OU#.Y



*P).B0\5?UX^8 TBTH_0(:+L A#&^NQT:E8(C

0;FP@R8;-OGYIH(?
MMWF\81AU8\K(XK%T-8943OTJDH\ Q:X831F:3LTXXFBD(3^ G/
6+V2?$9/
M-(X'PJ8%EQV^3O8:W7..7AKQ%/25V^9CGIYFHQ*/B76_..7+8\#?NW_+



!3+UES@6QHO(];JM-O=5H1I;*$81V1@?5XL:$#05%%:;U\@M.4?
M
_@5RU2-9:
!$U=!)KF(M/+Y;

M5
+$P&IG/U9KQ]'22(R7V4!;I)]J/3%0@R#3LZG5C.=GSVQ.V?C
K:=#1M






_Y/%_GM
T+
T.W


M4E5@
5O& RN0HGQ


MOT4SMA*7&+SCYL=Q3E.X$G:V#P(RN;LYJ7IE


G'G%$0%T10(C



U_HL@6V$5#)DU1?*0XG!/3-R0]A4)?.NVB8+
MA=OB5

)%K/]8UA[Y
M



0QY@%CS#*%F.-^'19H:
M


O



M-;*V7XZJK82QP_:4Z*:5XN!(59G0-




B(2&SL48!B AL*Z/2]P!8BV'O$#B(XO@2&[I$Y.IO0

MY7F#0!@ND:


M.H%6IG-?!6)9B2XX0FT,P4U]O^6)[CG70T7?@J$

X!CS._JA%


MT+5K1Z6






Y7/7?1DN?KN_GKLA






Z(S8Q89Y1$1B=)N.@H9.=R$KJ5UD5/@2G;
M^00SGZ#SR2*?H/KQZ-BG+(0K0^BS]XFCG5$T
XHJ(W8BHZ@Z(@[@&.7ZU4+O

1SK[-NAN?
 9FN:@-
MI0
, F%VATR<F[G31O
MEA<@(9),QQ!B#E#&=@T!/_CA3AI+KO*/I24U!1I(6672N+$6S@D8L2\1.


M(68L7JELM6A#%S4GI2=O44

1[.T[.B9$J@YTDIP
MY(FPML;1YB[J
K0&)+0IB9J205(2#?9!3*6(D
8U6JM.M U(9#VBVFJV48:Z







M970S+GAM;)55VXZ;

MAD4).)LT#[''/F?F#![-Y!WCKZ($D




':/_#N[DYL

6O7W\3Q0+

Y&DR#GK'-Z_





M&).@_'E/JI1+-0)'@\)!ZFVB]KR? [TA63O
.#0.VN(?4$L#!!0    ( 
J.



F_=
M;;U+FU-M\TT?5!8I
*;2





59*?
?P_?AV']?AE_D5Q@= &
 7 .0/PS
M


<_SJ+&C&C%?5%:7D6F9*
=J4)$U)PI3Q3 T:

LZ1#2QD8

MB!M
/M

M(K9HX/*0N)Q+
MWQ:&)7 %


MT


 1HL0( E?%\A-)24;B)'UEB@H0$$-
#XN8@=6R:BDYCF ! ;


M#0TDH.'OF9=(['(

$

M%S ^J-4VRD7

MG=HV=UZ+



H.1J .L#VE 7@W@?0 _!KKO.AY89M ]@'R



EIT

M&.;JS )CB
X\80S5F1!C/)WYAC%
9R*

2











MR5A&REP)B\4( ;GK\D#XT/[AK(F%F&[^A=J)8
43?
Y'('-:6]1.%DS8
]I3
M9Q#X+H.S-+(F8XN\B8V:[NB%PHD@E9
P'#7KG2:SA$0WR@?L+SFA+8HMBR8
MR(*)+9CD.J/[?:&T(DAM)6!MU4-Z_=^82(W]PZ+$LF!)&CE!(GZ CC&3-

M[DU)-7HIWK=U^X//V=7]VY@YN7WH7A^ ZU^)N%TV333O- TYO
!Q3BGVKW_B



$%     @ RHXC3[]5JC& 0  ( 0  !@   !X;]W;W)K


MF;E3(PQNI5-:
NM?21FU,#:0)*I)061#(^X+H

M]Q


7FO\(9A(-[)ZY&HX0)_Z@Y


R:]PFRN
;LUS



Q\0I9C?%L(NA
M$F$K$




M_L\P84020&22W: R)!?[\;(1 !$VE2EZ(NCA1%)(--:I%[(
OG10E*4C


M([@\D86&
#A8@T/NM)8


_2N('U N7-I5IR12KU/529MTZK3M





\




\.0

UQZUQW(
26+4AFKW0'RM_4VDCFO&D:8CL#K(H@*0C=;&Z(
M9%SA(HN^DRDRW3O!%9P

NXCZ
-^EN@JT#Z 2@
V ?
M\Y Q451^SQPK
J
'9

96Q#LOWGKOI:#)=48N@6B*.8XQ

?ED

N:H#+=R-&:#'F\98+3R:MF5NL#J-**\21YQ[20
M/2WSZ#O;




4\

M8M(U@B'[FH+OI3CQ_^!\'W[857B(\


MGFJP;9PF1RHS]G&2-]YU8.]Y?)._X?.T?Q.VE;TC%^/Q96/_&V

MPP^V&@H:'X[O\6SG

_2N(
M'U N7-I5IR12K].T2JMTZK3M

2MNJI

M8(NAH';A^
6?S31FD^&PGW\06[YQ\1=02P

MT@

MM.U0$P-U3A]VQU
:XF/ SPY&NSJ34



Q7'6CA;VP/!F\:Z[0(:+J6^=Z!J!-)*\9WNUNFA32TS)/O
M[

M2VN(@Z:@#_OCZ1#Q?!=PNA79Q(KN5C['(U/=4%W,2%04(6H('[PB
H%84P






=Q4K\ 




MF9

5_@PM(

MBLS@2

C 2]E=^1%J_0=;# FU
M\=;?S;3F$V&PW[^06SYQL4_4$L#!!0    ( 
J.(T_K5\XNMP$  -(#   9

M:G)[3=
F;;*YIM?/K(Y*#AP+N%[_?0$]:Z]^ 6:8]^;-
&0CFF?; CCRHE5G

J9Q4O1XF7:91?W<;HY'&;8-H#/ +X CC$/FQ)%Y1^%$T5F
M<1FZGTOPA/O3MSWI@S.V(IXY\5;[[T5?'_



$%     @ RHXC3^QI*UVV 0  T@
  !D
Q<M+(M
M95-5K=1*JT1MGUE[;*. QP&\3O\^@!W72?TS##GS)EAR$8TS[8%<.15J\[F

M3N_WAV
:XF/ ;PFC79U)J.2
^!R

O*?A6

@C03I!X+T4XE;


M_FRF
9L
A_W\@]CRC8LW4$L#!!0    ( 
J.(T_9@K3
MP$  -(#   9
M>&PO=V]R:W-H965T



S%?X



M_P_.M^')IL(DPI


MK

MM
3U2@G[]P#2#!G=T(OCL:T;'QPL3SM1PR_PO[NC18O-+&6K0+O6:&*ARNC=

N8Y& ]E1I
@04/C (W
YP#U(&(I3Q
G'2.64





MV6AXTTT_B
W?./\'4$L#!!0    ( 


M5EJE:OO




0B47Q-=@?*YRN@L)@832!07AMRL\@I1!R*?Q:]:D2\A 7)_?



 &


;^N9X;NO&!P?+TT[4\!W\C^YLT6(S2]DJT*XUFEBH
GJ_.9YV

M[$^Q=JSE(AP\&/FK+7V3T0


M\

$96Q'O4+Q#[S7GM_N470/1%'
:8_@B9C-'
&2?4_U%?^'YRO
*K!UG9'M/K.,D+
M[SRP]SR^R;_P<=J_5NWVI&+\?BRL?^5

$%     @ RHXC3RLA9:.V 0  T@


+549OMH=C

]S#5
\72J;BO\
%)(8')9BC
-+%





%F0T+EP_$KGNTX9J/A
M33?](#9_X_PO4$L#!!0    ( 





P.7YC?TI



MJL(DPI


C


M' #W _^Y/Q%EM8*JFALQ([8J#.Z7UZ..Y#? SX
M)6&TJS



'3 !@0MMCTK


M:8:

3^-_=R:+%9I:R5:!=:S2Q4&7T;GLX)B$^!OQI






MF[]Q_@902P
$%     @ RHXC3^75$I*W 0  T@

M#I2_J;61S'G3-

I

R\'T'H


:XF/ ;PZ#



J
'9

&=!_:.QC?Y
M%SY.^Q,S#5<6G;7S+QO[7VOMP$M);OP(M?Z#S8: VH7CSI_-.&:CX70W_2 R
M?^/B+U!+ P04     #*CB-/'Y\_IK8!  #2 P  &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E
M='


M:/&F



M+W-H965T



M5')&? G&SR*EJR (%.0N





R8TY2^
M.9YDT_K@8$76BP:^@__1GRU:;&&II(;.2=
1W5.']+C:1_B8\SA-&MSB14

M:9==W

M$[:1G2







M965T

MG#=-0VQG@%41) 6A27)%).



MKLWQ#J






M

M4$L#!!0    ( 

M:&5E=#

M7B=_7\.XR3.S##G#-GAB$?M7FT'8!#3U(H6^#.N7Y/B*TZD


].
$5' VR@Y3
/!] Z+' ._SB



\?*W.@1F:GW/0M/O-M3WYLJ.&
K





6M=BI2%^KBJL_6U'*


M(K

M*:Z@=$1!






O

RYX;6QU4]MNG# 0_17+'Q#O KEH!4C95%$KM=(J5=MG+PQ@Q1=J
MFR7]^XX-(22E+[9G/.?


H^^DRUS

MU?$DVLX'!ROSGK?P'?R/_F318@M++11H)XPF%IJWN\/QRS$QX? D:W.I-0
MR=F8YV!\J0NZX) 0N4# \?M @\@92!&;]G3KJD#
#U^97]

M?XG:=P6]HZ2&A@_2/YGQ
\SU7%

\?:?P
M/P39)D$6;)W!.F'$K=BL@])V*JGFP;I\F1R@PZ3O+*NPSL?1+?YU\FO9O
MW+9.W(V'E\V]K\QQ@-*V5WA'7XP19#0N/#\1;/=AJSR?FGW\06[YQ^1=0
M2P

;1.Z


M2E!C0]40W2N@E2\2G

&7
MQ!-K6N
2I
AZVL O
+_[H[(165@J)J#33'9(09WC^\W^D#J\!SPS&/5JCEPG




MM2UHY]QP9


M@N^%./'_Z'R?GNYFF$9ZNJ7S9%\@VQ7(HD#V3XGINQ+W
-F[(&S34P6FC=-D

J.(T^LR+.VMP$  -(#   9



_N*2#L2^N ?#D3:O6
M9;3QOCLRYHH&M' WIH

MO9(MGUQO=;_CF!

_F=WMFBQ6:64&EHG34LL

(T7B=-

Q.7Y0_UKK!UKN0@'#T;]EJ5O
GI'20F5Z)5_
L
C3/7L*9F*_PY74 @/


C

K% 0  -P0  !D
M  !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T

LRHS;Z41-








^!R




?M0XA;F
M^D






*IJ+X^[@+'?=AO$EOM'5,A&2F7(

KXATF[]![+=+]/F/7(#1A3B
F
M66V,X*A^APB60MQ2OZC)^OT=#7#--+3)3V]7Q?8K0KLHL#NGQ(?/I2XACE\
M



YX;6QM4]MNW 0
M_17$!P2OO9O+RK:4356U4BNM4C5]9NVQC0*



MHE(+!=H*U



J.(T]GV-8*


VF




*D'X*P


^0
J\IRU\!_NC/VNW(HM*

HSCM)
E

^8T89(5
M9KL@B%-?+)*8Q2EY0T_B]%TTPUV@[];T=!\72*




M   ( 


M;X#7D:0DRY+DCBDN-WSZ#N;,L?!2:'A;(@=E.+F]PDDC@5-Z9OC2;2=PY6


M0\






M;NH78(9SSEP8LA'-BVT!''G3JK
Y;9WKCXS9L@4M[ WVT/F;&HT6SINF8;8W

MZT4#W\']Z
_&6VQ1J:2&SDKLB($ZI_?[XRD-^ CX*6&TJS


CAC*^*=3]YZ[[5(



@


M)VIX!O^S.UNTV*Q2M@JT:XTF%JJ


)(%U=2]
X;-:E@*DJ\C7NKXSZ
-SR9

KXATF[]![S7?)





49A4K.6C\'XUN5XR0D



M#?P _[
_6[38HE))#9V3IB





M*%U0X/XXPQ-(&81\&7\F33JG#

MSSA\A:F?6TJFYK_#&:2'ATI\CA*EC5]2]M:AFE1\*8J_C:?0\1PF_0MMG9!
MA.2*P
9$L?+/W/$B
S@0
\Z^X^&*M_O$SZ8
P3B*^
\7;WWT7.P^I1D[!Z$)





O




M1C+G3=
2VQM@=21)06B2[(ED7.$RC[ZS*7
].
$5G VR@Y3
O)] Z+' ._SA


MM'



M-1@_JAPG(2$04+J@P/QV@3L0(@CY-/Y


M%?=AO-GM)]HZ@4X$.A-N8APR!HJ9WS/'BLSH 9FQ]QT+3[PY4-^;
CAC*^*=







M
GMAX%G)7^7!%NMH$9$#'
59VA?5?H$^H5E$^NR_P06D@WLE+D:NI E?DI^-
M557/XJ14XKT;RSJ

MF2
$

N


3._

CJIJ%0H?AO'MC/C
M
.XDT42S$X*)$

M;ILP%'T5Q 
4 ^8C%4%J
DV;M$E1IW6_'7(34 UFMA.ZMY\_*&7@3OT3V]?G


M[GLG.)


0I)W'(










-\+L 0SVX$!68 K@,'
M2*0(%J@!,!@/%(86:4K
% U@!! !
@%TXR=X$6#01\Q_0?3 S&8\ BG&


M;(U5VXZ;



M1YC
K-:GD^:10^JH3JP\Y*'R_.Q[\;0?.$H ID7Y)@UED:PB^F:PNO9-=6



%=7*OQA3+H*@.EQD+JHG5<K?CDIG0MCE_H<5*66XM@8Y5F

ML_PIS:_R6=M5T'LYIKDLJE05GI:GE?\9+7:X

MN/+#FI'
Y



M6_M
B^9Y;[]0WIG!!K@SP+U!6QRG0=091'
-2&= 1@9!FTI3FYTP8KW4ZN[I

$4+29
.*9LE N$PQ&*'80(

 $X
MS!DB#;$0$(
(!3!#F+003SCS.


M!P*-2K]M

$LLWW'W^!#W2 GN

M74

0




\1N7-\BRB\B






[M&

14V5#L4%R58 /5E2S1 .




M\LF4'[OYD9
?+?E9.*NTQZ06TUA


R#X(&AQ&DH
K<!  #2


YX;6QM4]MNW 0_17$!X1=


M;(H
!Z=D!V=#[*U,'].H'#,Z9Z^.IYDT[K@8$76BP:^@_O1GXVWV*)220V=
ME=@1 W5.[_?'4Q+P$?!3PFA79Q(JN2 ^!^-+E=-=2 @4EXH+]=X0&4D(^
IEUV<1^GF]MTIFT3^$S@R&-<=@4*&;^
M*)PH
H
C



J.(T^J.\MD8P(  
0'


MN:P(4I.H:J56BK;J]ME)G( 6

M53!&.98U:V3)&T^PT\K_!)^WT!(LXK5DG9S
/9/*GO
WL_AZ7/G .&(5.R@3





A9%B<


MV5(3U_-W]4^F=E7+G@C8



*
!8@SC-
H




MX/[T1^
BF2OT\Y5W






00T+ARO_-E




A.
M
O#0-%7^?6<W[K1_Y'P
OU;E4



M;#R\H8C=!M!I *U!?&. %FD


MS#RN?
VKR@8R-GX/



M6( & 1H%/Y7D Z]%$!'@3X40$9!.11 1T$U!$D?;.Z[C\SS99S*6Z1[
]/
MR^PQA3-J]G=O%[OM[-Z9#5!F];HD()\G5QMH8%8]@R8


MNF?(U@$11%.DP?3Y($TSG]IG7M;F=$\A8&$Q7!1(7?#^+D*;QR





-OI0I\JTAX%!HJ\#


M@=P0\.C

&ULC5;1CILP$/P5Q <<V)B0

M8KMV$$G

A!!0 &$3#@)08)PAA

82%+4





MMLSU%G@=04JR9+?[Q!07FI9Y])ULF9O!2Z'A9(D;E.+VSQ&D&0NZIZ^.1]%V



Q([];[GX8GWAP1[4P5G;$6\0_$.
MO9?R.MWG[!*(YICC%).L8MXB&+(O*9*M%

M   ( 

M+GAM;'V5[6[;(!2&;\7R!10



4VO]&IYLVLAE=


QHUCX


MU/;5\%H- R.[\2$&T[_!_A]02P
$%     @ RHXC3T:/ #8[ @  R@8  !D


]V+XT%1B^G


M/C@

0C
M(8;_)*!@#Y*2 9
B. /A57FQW5=%U(T06R_[LMM4T$'Q-3_:
]=
5V=Z8\

IL?$$TP2OX=L/1#T'K+S0)(1 HS(46GL51H[?C+E8S\?
0ARD<1(4!X30F:Y+(%Y&B.(TLRO*/$J2I:*$CB3U&/22:0,
MD@QF$9Y)\CB[4Q[L%8.7Y46SM#=X(2;'D0XF[7##O]G?5*OI'0AB=SI&.+E

!'




2YX;6R55MN.FS 0_17$!ZRYF%M$D)I$52NU

0[/$Y



.6UK]+@^B6-NQ;1W@2

Z;



MVF
BC6EZI5[@R

[VU-QXW 5=96


LD002U]*)
$2B4_//I2X0/2
M(#U@'0-R*
P( LLG\[R.-/(D,Q_Y&9!XOD 4 :!FR@
W796Z#@.T79 9B

M;9^UB9(8:UNNK23;?U_=XIHSARK[LEG+AYPA17TZ0\E7[]7A^_&E+.O)C^UF


MT?NJ&WPSF&_%L5Q4FS_7C_7+]=1/)X_E4_&ZJ;]6[S^5PX#
=#*
_I?RK=PT
]_\:%H1EN((<&\M3 ST<;

RM[6C0+'J-/-.(DV+6]'X*





M&T3F+-W@1: 

\S80&

.'I;DIQG7:3S8(/[R%#&:6'T28 ^IV@PP2= I2-A

9IX5!*0$HG:'!%)L Z=.1
8EP*1CSE-S)'L\ 1G*
M.V

:C!'AT


F*?*5BZ!$KJO588P'BCF


MJ!$=R;6X1*+$HM&8CIK3D=?P0)0




M=@LJ8%)D#%



M!6 OQMX0#1@B ;D+=I+RBZ1 ^1%_FWA!-^/MVUL@



3C^TN?D'4$L#!!0    ( 
J.(T^6V0



0U7

]$
M8V)[3X1X

$R?+:(D1
M0I..'604NLCM(^2H_
19?N(H?S$IJF?2NRAW3NK
21TYR\DV]4P8W@2A&4*A




MMV[8')+VU.A\UY.J

&=;%K5^;*+V7%5Y\WNM2W-9

MC9CU@*%7&)@0B8L^25!

M!7Q!N+=0 R;K
76/X2HEDA
_&0R8B4QE
REQU!)'+ G/TH 15TK )

M!E0


M)\1)(@G

M90R0.@;

M88HY[?J@R)SO+(M
C)IU/9PE4B/G5/XY 1-3'D3!F^.Y:UIM';C(!MK =] _
MAK
T%EY9JHY#KSK1(PEU'CQ&QU-J\0[PLX-);?;(5G(1XL4:7ZH\&UP*#4
MEH&:Y0I/P)@E




MD(T;#85*

(#C[M\/L..Z*?L2N/.[]]X!EWQ2^MET
M !:]2-&; G?6#@=3-6!9.9.#=[+XW2DED7ZI:800.K0Y$4A;)/9&
][C



M$SD;?Q9.O$KZPNW^ROXY].YZ.3


MR=$8M4V  





 %
M!K8_CA+AA:S$=JU@N%HKB1
GL7 B'+H=I$X'Z0.UGUKYI$F



VZ=1I



M;_3

Q([];X7X8GW
M1XZ]*8



@C03I.X+T0XE;

MOLF_\&G:OPG;R


M@]CRC8N_4$L#!!0    ( 
J.(T_ECIQ1)P
PN';<!5$JEDFC9IDZI-VS[3

F^OB++NG_B$EZ:NNV7X4&IXUT4
M]9N#:
K^5AY%JS_9R:XIE;[L]E%_[$2YM4%-'25QG$9-6;7A:F'7'KK50IY4

M#$=A* I#4+B#PCR4-+8_#HN?ZQI+BK*D/@MU:A2IQW)#.2

(N2
9RG-

0Y *




F[FF#8@9



X+):U(W5K*


V UW. 

M)77B?/[*_MEX5UZN6

MJ!HY(\)\G;P7DM&114FA^


'
=-&=G]I1;H:*W+ J]!-TTT8@Y68PW

M#/SP_N![VV*33'!JE#@QPLQ:\Q*3/?8L)-



M]A=02P

M6/IK




$@*')!1


MER!^)UL\%=FW&!-
7!&HIDE#H:8 (JY)56**:8N%
1M_T/PQ13%XJ1B%M.



MMB0\**6E68GPP:SX28K]T
;



MU'M5+?W



;@L:'K/@'4$L#!!0    ( 
J.(T\%*FWZ
MX $  

!#]
M%8L/6 
!TD2 M-FJ:J56BK;J]MF!X:+UA=HF;/^^MF$I8IT'[!F?F7/&F7$^

=AF&%&





.6CJIT1KIR;1GX3H+LHI!1HLT23;2-7R(HN^
MHRTRO'BM6CA:YB[&2/OO !K[G_XF^-)G1L?'*+(.GF&7^!_=T=+EI@HE3+0
M.H4MLU#G_



8-.D[S?VD



1465WHI+(!L!]&1)%0LP0G%0T;+VL]3&#B)+^56QLH:#\.2UJJCX
MLP7&VXT?^N^!E_)2*!



MVPZ#1Q@\QNSFF+M*H!T
-K#+QA;/Z 3'DQ1SS
3$?HX(XY7;1N3L1F0%HE&E

235^Z S#HE3.ABZ S9CABK*L..-5W<@!A=QJI.#5VJ5JL!P6T

M: O?P'P?SLJN\



MAH:.S#S+Z1







MT0J0NJFJ5&JE5:*VSUX8%A1?B.U=TK^/+X2R*U[Z@F?&9\Z9L3T4H]*OI@.P





@./BO_I&]N5^ &C!EIVYO99C4\P]9-C-#7_



$%     @ RHXC3\PYJ3EC;
M/)
! !0   !X;]S:&%R9613=')I;F=S+GAM;-V]:W/CQK4H^GGWKT#EQ=2
M%403?'.\MZLXDL91
J/1D33.2:7N!XB$)-@4H0#D:.C:/_ZN5[^ !DF-)]FW

MRJ=T#7^6#]]7SV66+JK'+%L_+;_O=;NC[Y_2?/6':+/*_[G)3HO-:OU??Q@G
MDS_\^)]5_N-_KG\\*^:;IVRUCM+5(CI?K?/U-KI8\9QYL8I.HD\W9]'1'X__

M'\^R.3R9T(^3QH][EON/V5VU+M/Y^O^I/RF#K[.''$? %)?I4U8?]?%Z=GGZ
M

UCX@A;_;ID^U'^]

MA.%5]-\1OZ/^Q
7J






M[#4&^Q2O\7.(V#4&O8[.-1X_B

M96F

U\K66B

MJ


MNR^ +LB;@(+M?V3WH
ML'5WL7O=LS9!#T@MH^J:AI_$%EPN/QP)[TSINNZ!2



X];I%J88^ M4!9D

MZ8XVB#KE[E%I!5

MG;8%%QJL][WBI=XX#0-_T';N S!?SJ]Y*X-QW%W6[7R-0@[Y8P21$CJ^A$

M)2E ) (&L
K61MHIV/KTD*W$'7-?%D]1P4H9RG3HYB#-N&DGF5 6T'&HDN.
M0@?0KG*=_Y:&+O?I8[IZX$OX4I2_XM3/AOS.J:NO6:NWV'BVFWE^;T6G@-M
M-H
C&





M7Y%^.M$98T$RG?0CE$V=*T

M0T%MY!D@




C^X
 IX*[:5J#\1+B)A^AN;H2@ 2A:-X%R\Z


MAN@+OM+.E._
E%:)@SLV7VY ]2!$ QH6 WT94!$76X%?]U= DET[PGN&8E
MAO%H^$7Q.2O5RV,^9RRCNT,T1XQW3(SX:_D*$9 GV/*]MP\*+(OSX3. $9@


)# 2S+=M!LI

U14JD8WJ!-\I5%U XA


#$B

34AU($-NF?$7[HGJ1!_758B
M//TW6M:V];+H6V!/B:=N&V^$









KW[*KBZE9$MYO[&YGIC'74!-'#SC%YVD%W@17#-

MPX1KLEDN+&

VB7MI83 T00*P*C225$V6B
DED^9
MRDC')](F@*3/L<

M52B3X$4C.4+YOQ'!3P$AC
PI:\'@3'0'@
M7ZP0B18%H!_+M&Q=('LPO.F4Q .1S8D.#!@2G'_)Z2QD&+D1/Z?LR@IC GQ


MDZ[S_+P$JHH2O'40D6SG*F/A^P!JI.$0RVTL)@R/Z0MI?6(=J6(!LDF!BSOD


M[DO $HQF:A/Q1..T-X_^U(L +D.G+'QUE64+%BA )@!4J\PE1^9BB?+[M%JC
W^0L,RYH@ ?29AVD<OK'SRA.HC@;0IRFK*
MH9]
Z_%RFJ8C-^
5

M7J!QJN+7RA6U=]K*:82H&
0G[B)M _)E$66D#=$4]876_!]';H+XRBB_!=7J

M-

6VR(;#LN$#@-6NR6I$UC$NQOD5-*?P%1DO<&9VT6&DX
MH 7/@65$7HU\NX8ALCZ^Z1KE3A;DC'2N@UZV\SXE=IBV)0+97[1:PMG9N:
M\WX\CDSO@HE[%.*FAN(N3N_'QTY:*[-&4MHI4O.)@%ZN&$RN&@$=JZV#GF#

 ;4;DY7%

M'\@D

M  9A=B:8_P82+(OHZ2H#W0^PV:$'V;( OTXN]B(2(O=?0%SQ;[W![U8.N:


'% BZ7^'BRI=X[W06QIOO+FD

JLY7 'E;63]4D*C3& \

Z);^8:F7!.BBA
CLIC
M=?3K
09V@BBR4LRLYUNV3RVE%%P=K&$?I+-:VB8P^@U9:N!M'&O*)!8VPA$E



MVR-(1W1@)5


MEQU]RRVHV\[.%OG]?88(FE4F[DO

IZ2$P(\ CP^) 9VD8%D1NDA5'-@128J


M7OZYDW0)'^'RTM4MLZ6;
$_QT^^R!5G#KKE$9O2V(._N96'?:)05$D[0AD4+
MP/5JE8*U V-PB=DS(QJ#X2&Q*-=XQJ5$I0D+I)-8\VU@V)4114MLM?2'A$H=
M+8^E_HSB1^O8 T?9?$Y7\A)YBL5ARGG66%QXV2RUV6-[EAKQ3L!TF-G(
M103CYU3RG!V96G0F
4#?LZ8D_B%ET]/
7=$:A_
3Q_K7)&!M
Z(:/VLOO@
/

M;





WHQJMS


.?06SDY+6








A




T6=H+/F Y/\\CF9.@#4&TSG4
M0P=95:B8^*'H+S;ZNY%M8FI=')!T(B4C'+HI)A7=

MD(B%C0Q;4]U

M
&(%34S%B



4ARR^PCS:9.3
MAX08$F--L\('=1*L



[\



M+62E?!L


J=(*2D
MZ0ULK 2MX6 9D@!!Y.\RN]MRIA1YH;W=V@Q\]R#Q)NN@LUAR+G0\@G6F[H&9
M\5
[D!'+G+:JZ?KK;BDHY=
S\]H8%[H2U(=%?\PWH1&+_(03&:454ECVF


M;S-GY

M3S%ZL@KKN#'O+;\4.YC'+BF8B%.5#HYEQ#4O&&'LTE7KRDSMPC2TL]#+VWI7

MSB6NX=4/[JA?/[^/58T1CP]N[BYO;YX^^GVXN-E=/Y_K\XO;QK%DL.-?_N=
M292K1








MF
1#$ 
&



4R


6C.U#E[/SJ
MX\W%[4W





MUTOB!+ 7=.8L=L'230!C1+&#V,T/731)A*/IA.@L)-H F]'NT1+W]SW7U#
M9Q^P!UIT]ND\NOT8G5W Z8$0WJ!R/;C5-%+51N[C

MW(_[4V D(!4F !#@+.


MNZT2);$ 4]^0

P\(_K


_Y%O
MU*E]#*TV'B%)+2E)K &0/T;3



RW(+
M*


E!)2T8Z8RPOO
.E=4ZT)'$3NK'DY!3@#I'G0!^-CO3N)AMQ]-XE$?@T F
MZE:7=VG6XS.;A@7CII


I]%H

M9%142OQ:$)Q@7U4%LA/.H$?!J6-5P9Z&73L5X8%.4XNINVS;5$G4=O==F@



M(R07-]MHVCT\3(%&J4
\/;*
W]1RGY2!
+3CE@$HWP_E-


M3=$1E





/W
^D@4P-*


SIXG
(;NZQ
08-)2R?;5?W]E5^$ 3




M5AQB'5




M.CTSA20HDA4-:9PMD.*VS

*TW-3.P:&*QKN

+_R';
.C#E*+T[OW'OS45YWXGPCE4RQSG
MM\TYW)45]V)#KA[]DIBP#R4VB5K=Q\D;E79
2SN%&5##))[V!\97UA;GR=8^

T



M



7(5Z]BKZ
P

M4$)


L@-T]!-;8!4UD8TV)6


M

M9VNQL/K)-9!F<1RU#M[QBV)TEBBX!QWNO#(T!CF</XA<CQO%$;AX_]
MO;E^GMS @F[MHDQ?.!-P@R5-V3Z SY $+5#

MI^9%LB76C;[;@$AV' 6&H0V5O'Q=#*&IF4^;K?@.ZL&G[:FC[N@XIJ[GSZ)I


%S0]



MJ+9&=+:-85'OMJEYNY.+\JB;^2!D6*
2V2FE0CFU!E'4AE4WCU+^;U['J*9W



/EV7/3$XW;'48ZZ5






M^G UUJ%%X0R+8%6W&J.O%Q(6)!B/U 5V[B-=G%97N?4%59 FE3E#4]P.5)


MKY4K:N^TE=.X&U]AG%EI*%(A4T;:$)W4E*WW0Q1(&4;T;V-NO!D]R'C-W4







[]+*=]RDQ];0M$:CH


MFHZQ17;KD$ZXEWG)[L@S=R22@70YETDH.!+O+'4O1QLB1]TH$YWA=.LS3 ST
M0KQXJ


\Q0S?LJ&:+QO+#.2EQEA4(K@UNNM15(Y'T9JTW!4Q%9$\

4H#7.BNPVR:$1PP
M.F)K3[ =Z

EQQ22X@FK*P%6
M+23


M0


M;_

L!3K:P6N
M L-H]=P_::7_]/S3%




MC6D!'7$+Z)8.T



V#BPTAJ_JL4*O2Z.\&)E\;)1)<H)/_7S3 V-]Z+[
M4??*)9@9B;N!31


MGG$1[#2E


MZYSRC*A_R(KL=1Z 9X+E\%8L)
3Y.!*
;: V=QXV1KQT(0I5\X*0[EQ@/='-

@@5:^J
DG&B


MO5@;/#\0U$!T_!5NY@ER_A



X61XBON?+:-;0.X0#VJ(B2I-&P^UU$2\L?RY_R04#S
+@0MOH%R_?


 FJCM#V\JI=\Y\0441]L75.$EEP+T\(DG1.R*1#]90S






J*%$&J@PD$G['WDV84





MV3T/[)DE/1QS4F0BHY+JT]4+X4T I3
1A7=2\E-O



N1^L5-62



M.DVEPVTST]?A26=GY3P5\L $:Y/J1=L?VPH6LMF2; Q^&RE- 75FDBXEK=A\


RF&@9\H##'?J O6;T


M@U/I6'L^+!]H%!MU0KI)5J


9





F?9$FMLZ*!
KI8@F436G



M=+9:&[Z1+K=24Y@I
JVU/D&SQ?#-!@.NL!Y&-

MY2DL%[Y


M$'J[=WUCX@P6V

MW)L






1S3O0#2##N&:Y/@00_ARDPG4Z5W&$T-
1O6Z3
N^!3X97\BUY?R3?1P$.GCR6@2#4$
M'/8G<)_CZ7JKIM0 .+?ZX$
#XHDL$R8L=L'!I.   +C04
&&;&+PFL\FDX


?P[@4N=H&4 6/.HKYSY0#9/QD ?

M+329^T]0#!DR$^GWD



V&_2Y_!+$7I-W1.)')
M\!_Y1IW:QW;1H


MP@00 C
9?8PF

.IC4)TMMY37K(+/]XIP&(;:5M7P$

G8


^5SF:.GB^MAU4(5
M'.=);9U4(=04#





M3YLG7=Q



OU/- 49Q\@!FONC\


T]A


0
/_.2\?X
F%Y[, $,=+\!EJN


*?9



V8WM8
3I=;?F#VV


M)


MWH: 7FCH[Z'A)#R\A:E%EJE%KV-J49VIN9F1/^$U^NT12/@-J*2@F4:WV?QQ

]K)AH3 O/0N3ZX3A6\/A:(/:0*#JV-27:1V BM
MHR$I*.[7+Q3:7BPWP0HV7QVH+H))XWA
V%Y+R.J/P:#P^B = +YW]NB_HP^B


M92E768EA))+F)HT!2.]IX' _A


W&N%5Z(]Z

MOVL=


+7OF&9NS^CY]NVM%L_VPA!TL(8(^M7/[EIV











B3
@WH'T;,^CNW:P(_WU=[S\=V%U
M+<4Q;-X]8-&[MOWZA+?H?SSAS12"6\_2Z1RXBB('BW6$!FFX=.U!VWQ3<L
M.R;-[NM6TJI7?M5=NG3AUN#^(3S$#!=]W&T(Z62:A?#IWYM96(MM_#=G%M:+
M(/^[


M.8D[?/[AW
 V
R%;P-4W3KX%<Z.E]




]_W0
%X%*_<@O+3.VSXB/H$.7&]V&HC:5ECA)IL

%8)9P)ES8
ZQ@QW&'6)4
MP#U^G6!.+-HIM''P+FQZ;'O0)N

OA?=U0*@]

)UA$E
M6']TFOM1?F:W 9$;KUP@91+7AW=M26H'W@JEH2MU]_%'XB]WY0?WU&=P
0
MG!

_DWVV'1W
M4I)X]+N2Q%]__'[R^)[#WYU+WHA 9]_:/76)VDGC?DW:_(@39F_F^1 _VU


M!V71?PUU::37UQ_M!;

M17NJ/K#KU#V(=C1-H@_%:OU8H93?;

MVWUT?D (NI.6!?5(#5T
JLD-Y(
=&J$^B42-3&/$71&6KYVI]9@/C.#B:-E4
M(\6.L$ZD.=S'-3K') [
W-3]4ULWM/.AUD!#3N'!U*#P3SM6R0-TF[MP1G5G







W-5(G=

M] XL& 6HK0




2F9/4_V7RS1+U!+


-

Y?#X.A;B!_5_BE&N5J+F

 61^0
B@N@L 61P
\I3IM0=9



M@T^UZF

MH6R'^





[D$E9\@X&;%Q]B;WL4!]3&2=C-@Z87Z?JNP
V28CM@T
M\F%E(]MDQ+:9#O*3I0EOHQ#;YD6BG^1#FLF(-0.C?5C;2#
9L6;\:#]9AD@N
<R28


!U,LM8\)GTL^Y-K:PK^I6+KE
36@9A!^BZ1=4IBZ^ E0'\8



MMW\XQ^/_*#_]!U!+ P04     #*CB-/K=UBY:T  !M-   &@   'AL+U]R

^



^W@GHG5:8]4;#WGR]TTSOTM1#/GP?AW-[*O<N^6?Q3V?/9W7
M\?V2[Y]Q6_73_6=*C]
NV=RN=[?YMNJ?#.O*,^_ 5!+ P04     #*CB-/

MNUS]?)RL7QSZ;O#K9!?]$4(7^]L;WPZ3G:(E
MU.



M\1F2(UM1@E!$S2BD9A13
PJJ&475C

MLA8460N*K 5%5DV155-DU119-45639%54V35%%DU159-D5539TILI8464N*
MK5%UI(B:TF1M:3(6E)D+2FREA19*XJL%476BB)K19&UHLA:462M*+)6%%FK



              ( !MP(  'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX;6Q0
M2P$% ,4     #*CB-/82/25^X  !D#   &               @ 'X



M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 

RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     #*CB-/

M971S+W-H965T-BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     #*CB-/R.VCD:(%  #L&P  &
&UL4$L! A0#
M%     @ RHXC3[T\%4RV 0  T@
  !@              ( !128  'AL+W=O


J.(T]J19&\MP$  -(#



J.(T_M0K8Z

M

  !D






M 

M971S+W-H965T

  !D




J.(T^WH-SIM@$

C
N

  !D              ( !






Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 
J.

M+W-H965T

4



M Q0    ( 
J.(T]GV-8*M@$  -(#   9                ?!F  !X;]W



BYX



4

  !D              ( !@70  'AL




4     #*CB-/$OOCM3D  #)!P  &0

M   ( 
J.(T_$RVVS# (  -8%   9                ;9^  !X;]W;W)K





M80(  %






J.(T]XW_9'.0(  
4&   9





M% 






M:&5E='

BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     #*CB-/$K;('1((  !T
P

M 0(4 Q0    ( 
J.(T^6V0
* (  * &   9                0RW  !X

4     #*CB-/V3TT#]X!  ?!   &0

J.



J.(T_ECIQ1)P


M=#@R+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 
J.(T^15P0@
P(  -0&   9



M='

4     #*CB-/44B5)Z8!  ; P  &0

M Q0    ( 
J.(T]-4.AT
@(  $D&   9                8G4  !X;]W



M;6Q02P$% ,4     #*CB-/;
(\_+L!   I!   &0              @ '^

J.(T_
M.:DY8VP  #R3 0 4                ?#:  !X;]S:&%R9613=')I;F=S
M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 
J.(T_XA* 3; (  +X
   -              
M 85' 0!X;]S='EL97

S!@  RSD

M 


J.(T_RIWAL/ (  -XR   3
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_DetailsOfSubsidiariesTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Capital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentIssuanceDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_DetailsOfSubsidiariesTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_DetailsOfSubsidiariesTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_TypeOfCurrencyAxis=ornc_RmbMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionAmountDueToDirector'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConsiderationForBusinessAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueAcquisitionsOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueReverseMerger'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagementBeforeReverseSplit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_SharesWereReversedSplit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=ornc_IssuedAndFullyPaidMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagementShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionAmountDueToDirector'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfAmountDueToDirector'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConsiderationForBusinessAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConsiderationForBusinessAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesAcquisitionsOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_SharesWereIssuedAsConsiderationForBusinessAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_SharesWereIssuedAsConsiderationForBusinessAcquisitionShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagementBeforeReverseSplit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagementSharesBeforeReverseSplit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_SharesWereReversedSplit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_SharesWereReversedSplitShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagementShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=ornc_IssuedAndFullyPaidMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionAmountDueToDirector'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConsiderationForBusinessAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueAcquisitionsOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueReverseMerger'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_SharesWereIssuedAsConsiderationForBusinessAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagementBeforeReverseSplit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_SharesWereReversedSplit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=ornc_SharesToBeIssuedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagementShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionAmountDueToDirector'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfAmountDueToDirector'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueAcquisitionsOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesAcquisitionsOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_SharesWereIssuedAsConsiderationForBusinessAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_SharesWereIssuedAsConsiderationForBusinessAcquisitionShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagementBeforeReverseSplit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagementSharesBeforeReverseSplit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_SharesWereReversedSplit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_SharesWereReversedSplitShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagementShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=ornc_SharesToBeIssuedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagementShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionAmountDueToDirector'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfAmountDueToDirector'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConsiderationForBusinessAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueAcquisitionsOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_SharesWereIssuedAsConsiderationForBusinessAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagementBeforeReverseSplit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_SharesWereReversedSplit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionAmountDueToDirector'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConsiderationForBusinessAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueAcquisitionsOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueReverseMerger'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionAmountDueToDirector'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConsiderationForBusinessAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueAcquisitionsOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueReverseMerger'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ContributionPlanInPrcTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DescriptionOfDefinedContributionPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercentOfMatch'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_NoteToConsolidatedStatementOfCashFlowsTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredLiabilitiesIncurred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockIsuuedDuringAcquisitionOfAdditionalInterestInSubsidiary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ConversionOfAmountDueToDirectorToCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueAcquisitions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_FullyPaidSharesToBeIssuedAsConsiderationForBusinessAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ReverseMerger'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionsAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_CurrencyAxis=currency_CNY'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PrepaidLandLeaseGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_AccumulatedAmortizationPrepaidLandLease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PrepaidOtherLease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PrepaidLandLeaseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_CurrencyAxis=currency_USD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PrepaidLandLeaseGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_AccumulatedAmortizationPrepaidLandLease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PrepaidOtherLease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PrepaidLandLeaseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntitySmallBusiness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityShellCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFileNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityInteractiveDataCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_CurrencyAxis=currency_CNY'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_CurrencyAxis=currency_USD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_DetailsOfSubsidiariesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ScheduleOfDetailsOfSubsidiariesTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableTradeCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableTradeCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_CurrencyAxis=currency_USD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableTradeCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableTradeCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradeReceivablesHeldForSaleAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_CurrencyAxis=currency_USD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradeReceivablesHeldForSaleAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableByReceivableTypeAxis=us-gaap_TradeAccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradeReceivablesHeldForSaleAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableByReceivableTypeAxis=us-gaap_TradeAccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradeReceivablesHeldForSaleAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCashAndCashEquivalentsTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyTransactionsTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfPrincipalTransactionsRevenueTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsAndJointVenturesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsDisclosureTextBlock'


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeasesTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_CostOfGoodsTotalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_CostOfGoodsTotalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_CostOfGoodsTotalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_CostOfGoodsTotalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_CostOfGoodsTotalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_CostOfGoodsTotalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_CostOfGoodsTotalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_TradeReceivablesNetTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_CreditTermDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_DepositsAndPrepaidExpensesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ScheduleOfDepositsAndPrepaidExpensesTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ScheduleOfAmountDueToDirectorClassified'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238




<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationDisclosureTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times




<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_CondensedFinancialInformationOfParentCompanyOnlyDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedFinancialInformationOfParentCompanyOnlyDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SchedulesOfConcentrationOfRiskByRiskFactorTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SchedulesOfConcentrationOfRiskByRiskFactorTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_OwnershipAxis=ornc_ReliantGalaxyInternationalLimitedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_AttributableEquityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=ornc_ReliantGalaxyInternationalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PlaceAndDateOfIncorporation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_CapitalOfSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PrincipalActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=ornc_SureRichInvestmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PlaceAndDateOfIncorporation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_CapitalOfSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_AttributableEquityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PrincipalActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=ornc_FujianJinouTradingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PlaceAndDateOfIncorporation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_CapitalOfSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_AttributableEquityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PrincipalActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=ornc_FenyangHuaxinSpiritDevelopmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PlaceAndDateOfIncorporation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_CapitalOfSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_AttributableEquityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PrincipalActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=ornc_FenyangJinqiangSpiritMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PlaceAndDateOfIncorporation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_CapitalOfSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_AttributableEquityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PrincipalActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=ornc_BeijingHuaxinTianchuangEnterpriseManagementConsultingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PlaceAndDateOfIncorporation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_CapitalOfSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_AttributableEquityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PrincipalActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_BankBorrowingsTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_BankBorrowingsTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_IncomeTaxesTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLimitationsOnUse'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ReverseMergerTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPercentageOfVotingInterestsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionEquityInterestsIssuedOrIssuableNumberOfSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionSharePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationBasisOfPresentationBusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
&#160;&#160;<font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 85%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=ornc_CustomerAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=ornc_CustomerBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=ornc_CustomerCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=ornc_CustomerDMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=ornc_CustomerEMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=ornc_CustomerFMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=ornc_OthersMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsAndJointVenturesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_InvestmentTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_CurrencyAxis=currency_CNY'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PrepaidLandLeaseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PrepaidLandLeaseNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PrepaidLandLeaseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_CurrencyAxis=currency_USD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PrepaidLandLeaseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PrepaidLandLeaseNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PrepaidLandLeaseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_TypeOfCurrencyAxis=ornc_RmbMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeAmountsAttributableToReportingEntityDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsAttributableToNoncontrollingEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_TypeOfCurrencyAxis=ornc_UsdMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeAmountsAttributableToReportingEntityDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsAttributableToNoncontrollingEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SchedulesOfConcentrationOfRiskByRiskFactorTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfStockholdersEquityTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238




<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ReceiptsInAdvanceAccrualsAndOtherPayablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedPayrollTaxesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ReceiptInAdvanceCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ReceiptsInAdvanceAccrualsAndOtherPayablesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_CurrencyAxis=currency_CNY'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Cash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndDueFromBanks'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_CurrencyAxis=currency_USD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Cash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndDueFromBanks'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_CurrencyAxis=currency_CNY'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterials'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_CurrencyAxis=currency_USD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterials'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_DetailsOfSubsidiariesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_DetailsOfSubsidiariesTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_AmountDueToDirectorDisclosureTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_DepositsAndPrepaidExpensesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_DepositsAndPrepaidExpensesDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_DiscriptionOfBusinessPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
&#160;&#160;<font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_RevenuesRecognitionPoilicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesTradeAndOtherAccountsReceivableAllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 85%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ValueAddedTaxRefundPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_OperatingLeasesPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PurchaseTransactionPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_AdoptionOfNewAccountingStandardsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_CurrencyAxis=currency_CNY'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_CurrencyAxis=currency_USD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=ornc_ComputerAndOfficeEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=ornc_ComputerAndOfficeEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_SummaryOfBusinessAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextual'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PercentageOfValueAddedTaxOnSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExaminationLikelihoodOfUnfavorableSettlement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyExchangeRateTranslation1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesAcquisitions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_CurrencyAxis=currency_CNY'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsAndOtherReceivablesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsAndOtherNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndOtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToOfficersOrStockholdersCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FederalHomeLoanBankAdvancesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToAffiliateNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_FullyPaidSharesToBeIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_CurrencyAxis=currency_USD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsAndOtherReceivablesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsAndOtherNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndOtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToOfficersOrStockholdersCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FederalHomeLoanBankAdvancesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToAffiliateNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_FullyPaidSharesToBeIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_AmountDueToRelatedPartySettlement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_AmountDueToRelatedPartyLoans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_AmountDueFromRelatedPartySettlement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_AmountDueFromRelatedPartyNewLoans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionDueFromToRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfRelatedPartySettlement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfRelatedPartyNewLoans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionDueFromToRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_CurrencyAxis=currency_CNY'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToOfficersOrStockholdersCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToAffiliateNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_CurrencyAxis=currency_USD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToOfficersOrStockholdersCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToAffiliateNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ShareCapitalAndCapitalManagementTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionEquityInterestsIssuedOrIssuableNumberOfSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionEquityInterestIssuedOrIssuableValueAssigned'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionSharePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityReverseStockSplit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_CommonStockDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_InvestmentPlaceAndDateOfIncorporation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentDescriptionOfPrincipalActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_SubsequentEventDisclosureTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_CurrencyAxis=currency_USD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansNotesTradeAndOtherReceivablesDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_SellingandDistributionExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_SellingAndDistributionExpensesTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ReceiptsInAdvanceAccrualsAndOtherPayablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureCurrentTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_SummaryOfBusinessAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfPublicUtilityPropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 85%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PrepaidLandLeaseNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ScheduleOfPrepaidLandLeaseTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ScheduleOfCarryingAmountsOfPrepaidLandLeaseTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_CurrencyAxis=currency_CNY'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableTrade'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDueFromOfficersAndStockholdersCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherPaymentsToAcquireBusinesses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_AcquisitionOfAdditionalInterestInSubsidiary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfBankDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromBankDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_CurrencyAxis=currency_USD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableTrade'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDueFromOfficersAndStockholdersCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherPaymentsToAcquireBusinesses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_AcquisitionOfAdditionalInterestInSubsidiary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfBankDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromBankDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_CurrencyAxis=currency_CNY'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_CommonStockSharesToBeIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_CurrencyAxis=currency_USD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_CommonStockSharesToBeIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_CurrencyAxis=currency_CNY'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_FreightCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PackagingCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_CurrencyAxis=currency_USD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_FreightCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PackagingCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentSalvageValuePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentSalvageValuePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_OfficeEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_OfficeEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentSalvageValuePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_OfficeEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentSalvageValuePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_OperatingLeaseArrangementTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_OperatingLeaseInitialPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAmountsOfTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_CurrencyAxis=currency_USD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAmountsOfTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_SecuredAtAmortizedCostLoansFromBankNote'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_CurrencyAxis=currency_USD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_SecuredAtAmortizedCostLoansFromBankNote'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_TypeOfCurrencyAxis=ornc_RmbMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxExemptIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationPriorYearIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_TypeOfCurrencyAxis=ornc_UsdMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxExemptIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationPriorYearIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=ornc_FenyangHuaxinSpiritDevelopmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_InvestmentTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ReceiptsInAdvanceAccrualsAndOtherPayablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_ScheduleOfReceiptsInAdvanceAccrualsAndOtherPayablesTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_DepositsAndPrepaidExpensesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepositAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_CurrencyAxis=currency_USD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_DepositsAndPrepaidExpensesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepositAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_PrepaidLandLeaseNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_DescriptionOfLeasePeriods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_TradePayablesTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ornc_TradeCreditTerms'

begin 644 0001213900-19-017166-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0    ( ,J.(T]T)&D&D<P  .*WP 1    ;W)N8RTR
#$Y
#8S









U/UWX71WL%#Y_ 4\6TK?6_U2_D7  ;\N!@Z^DT!=)87


75D


_?FZDY


;'B2







ML.:JHXKJX.+3$O%ICTKY2.Q_V EUGD#?6J





M-I*1JQ.0D2LN(QO)R/4)R



DD2T7DT'0+T


M+.'

M\0#?412SD69RU%A)$
_EWHS.5*
O0E*




MX[T W;Z$![YO#(C]_@MY,9UKF]FEZB$-E<=%2P-+D#M$: ]73@=2\(#<6R8

+(G&4FHB/:QRD*%U$


[.2^.$7!9.RKRM

O=HGA



H 3DYE7PB[A2(\9<(2. ^3FS?#J_(*W&\3*S[




%HK:VY1# .OOCR$$H=



R^=M1FPGXOWI@
MG0+S1$($FB-2Y-J
0D7--





M[Y



M7=
TO-5J/7 ^V:X=C






9=
IE
PU: G
-.Z&K91VK.X%_;0'1Y74$I$$H*XF$



M6-V1


Z1M.0-9) 7YV#2W._-P&S



M

Q]!RWFX%PIW@O9.*LQEN1


M24/P+=WN5@$Z(/;[:WH3RP-YL8/0-]WPUAQ7;:9W]N?=0__V\DZXN;W\_5W9
M8(N37=+(L7/C#LC/_R'3RK-E;Y@I'2T[71\(/4!B?W+



 5-^D5P


#N[7%9^7F?NAN%=&C_
 J^4U*^O
M WOE:

42G7
MJ6)#J.;1C.OI$+X'X@ =!O

HK<_0!;QROH1S0
MG\W MH3 =$P?-A'6;C%^\85X+[XY 9
:IH/]Q03S&C9J^AUA6@C6#&X\$9S7
M_?@S:FJ_V2$SP^\?+L'(?P[L@6WZL


ZJM0JT*NE

M[:@V69


9



MUS2PRHLJWLN!^PPVDT]S$/N#
=[%3+NVO))XT6^%R5V\AT/-;$
K@&@ YLU7
MM@2#=+-AK[T77&M=V KS!X;:\+\2.B6#H]_-?T?!5IFW*A=;K=3M8\*9]_
M



M

MK.U2@N8!P&J:^&2$95))-2S&C)_

30C


MXIY)P6:[U.H6-FM-75]K2I*4N\ZPPL3;@G7E H4#G*YO!.H7VWRV'1L[5#9K

M%+ ^
[*^=

8%OK:X$7DR;L;#FV+^
&=GPW/-\EC
M0U=4L
#!^#

E9D6XE%JMDJ*=*DEK@GFX(B2;%!EUP

MOJ^P+ICSN2(@+-$XHNWDL?FX93=DW


M;Q^O'TOA2TCZ+O1G7Z&HY+[=5%SIW_(\\7
D




MC@F;IU*#S''J2J8D/AD2]Z*$*+VP@#))WF&7_X[\@E@BJ)%+WG_ 8C[!H8
MW%&+ &F

MWK')TMT_3Y2M\.3AZ\=ZTLET:&[Z%@@L)\[.B?/M\3^W3)P=K-NF]DBZBZ]B






&E3VL#2;+X&85=$HJXY@.PA01O2$L)TZI#7C*XEY+!M@:M
G.P9#/@#BZX7W(RP?Z!


+\;82;<TXX(D9E<C$



S#CZK


MV*4:JI32J.+$30%;GZ
2:

M1^1

M(
1#!+
QY
(A%.






-




F]^2\O]WMN^$TK?YYU0-[=_O;Y]NGNXN7XL
(!_

(JH

$F+
E.5L\L



QV)X+(;'8E9S@<=B


MU29O )A/7B+'] &=YREMWO71

A:XLY4[6X]2L+D_D1.'.UN/V/7)G:W<


P3


R]B2



*#*CRHPH
J/*AR1&YL

MAJ!4HR-*O?)3Y]''X#JR(78Z^ND20)=%J5IOM19Z1NN$9^AJ'1%G(-@NS.7^


RFF9@-JP-2&[H-3WC/&:S--Z@P9+352!K]67'8S8+F@NW $72MDE?JW+



M%/]8?4?\A)TI^ 7QBR&'CJBKE2(._)KR9BBN=-#+6'Y.YR1OG.2J+DK=2F&E





ZZ/G'P^SOAG:'O#!




M5\H7Q





)T!W]9T^&G1@VXEG%1=ETC8+U


MS\1?2L9S654-35'G 5X-2(/P]S:!7S+4K@S_:P


\.'V48LSCKYPX

1;!=
T#BU^@Q#'N*+'\0;KV0
M+_:OY6*_
EV1RH/K/%65(T36X'5((G2DL;(G.B-$UU5NF*WPQN '7-@HWIZ
M (\)U=9)G(2K.G:MT#!;J'+9EE6&'V5J



M0DNU%T\P_^/H$.()+2U


M[N .I
N_]X+0)Z'MDS&






-#J;&;(OLU@
 -T+X2FA8990

W2K6+/\08

^1XL\/1

'C'^4

2GHW
M6[K $UD 'HJ%S*27N3&QSZU2@9C6J()\X^(%L
9C;T!G9)8C!,*M9$*,A70
M9+HW$-P4LMFL;RI(SJW.1B#=1*@3'387!4!4D'&D3C&#OA$\P3/WX:9]]

M


WZ;<]8ZUN6E

MF

O*B@-#TF TAT/!)X$](X\-R+.( X;SX6)XU0L
M]K

(W%= 7;M4.;IM;YMC=@V2A#P7
)2VCQ 39J2Q;FFBS/
M$2GO(/B)1L'C#.
'S YV[N/X]R?/GQ_OM%L-5K8-MBVQ51X2%E'E(^ C'F

@\I




M'X%6'D9H04U

_:X0N+MC%K-)TVM388F5$D1
M%]+!GZG) /ABDRZTXA.Q?
XK(&$WD-BN8)D3&\X[14 TQK%=+8[:B3;E$S_1










M4MTB$%PO)

M6K[V[S78L&B13O9 




MA[Q8Y6;FS-@A
U1TPQJB7N
0Q?FQ57XL]_%S9NR0&:M#%)P=.V1'=5N=LX&S

MG/W:Y)(^0?(UNY1/CX \[



Z'EKF$7[.!LZ&%B=:O M- 'SVT=Q?\
0D




Q44A?DV12K/EVP!$/;
MP61+X1+)/@3AP374G]

1-#$O^]QSVGA__0$#;@5XB+!CS- !5 +ZHGP.0YP##0HP29!



PG

*E]?N[*#A_


[9A@Y
M8&!-3'M0V0459]TM '2\]JXB6MGU&J*-/I9N:17)$,3JJ2(^G@S_A#'_-
M3[ZI6#[G%9P&TA@O[/
B1V:3A$0C7%L5XM#J;LVRB=FJ2?L/) ET?861-V
MG9K9.)7D/[:-#H)WE1Z32PY*O*^\(XN+G:8.3@%I[1#P5WT\.]JH:YZK:E


LY^4]ZE(1OJE



M3 _6C

M%BJ](S


M'*(X/[;*C^4^?LZ




5KG%\(4CN
ME
$5'R-S


PD]
.EH3Y/L
M2DKR.]V!X$5A$

V8*A^':#V-(.-8'J+K
*+IGL/])%



SRR._@4.<[TWK0'7PE2//G^6Q!_< ;DL=FH
MWQZOS@1[ 


[<F:#





+I:]Q@E


2^J-&\L=
N#+9C]YC!
M:OFC=[5.]56%DP37 ;



?WEHQG8





7_I@OP[(Q(
#1G A
ML-
'C-Y3!1

7A

@\GL0C0%



M?H+#G= [_Q\*&#M69\_.L.3H D-V7?^





MX*B'@WF:

M7EGP$#(DMK
%:F






MZ%
$\;9I1A2&INNT









@W8_&*-]4T'P;!-0V
M:40Z]2E8&8JBX

#G'*F;YERM;))JPR&S*::A
*S
M8]G
%!B:=ASY3

1E(
MXI8DZ4J/]41VT=*$A;@9-=OXN8CE&)JSD&(C/TA)/&


BA)@QJ)8#P('L,C%,5#WF+(48THJ7MIB+'L6T IQAX+)

MUB+;2I9H3C
6J;Y6K\=3\O)6IE-+7;]6BUV_

8JO_<P_01&Q0:U6KH61.3$P:,V_'S]&7)B%U[)B#5SSEBZC$_<AT
MLH//WL#/GDWWA_#L^;[W!@(:Q

$*IRRI_


M'3 Y;M/OJ;\_3AD; 6M!PSLVO#.(@U=

H%![Q(A=/]+[-R@_H:0T/&P/?
M?(
]A3KCB!@GH.$[-%H2[PQVLCGA*1Z!& 

U; [?_6




%\\;4/T?$/_5MABE4GPIO=S8#\S<


JO03)J[+3S3$!/N#1U'2L+P.0D_3B


6

ME.;)%W&3.N-$])GPS\)@47AC3#;$76K0Y #7N0+]AC,*^9#H+$36_C$_@+

$:RE2
<]MML[<=KAFDB:I#_2D
?


EV8P'WF

MU^)
Q4RZ2
Z6C'?G


M*Z%B#2I8CC08E+$9F ^Q!K$J3OMX9--&XP8'XBPU!
P-#-_&B])FA8M.FCE




M4XO9%Z;$].D2FV:I'3??



*DZ3I8QA.Y
0ML^!K$8V&.F;




M62UI\CI83H#ZV'
IGT@I[#&[LET+TT$+\(J#1_2\1W-[5^G*V!D8\#X(W!18
M:@J\[-



M;':DBP*IB9&L(+WAZ&CLCII7F?E%W1/^^6#4!WF9Z2Y?XZ6O3G!F&GR4ZJ[
M4!V\1TRJ9EHR90=#F]:/%]CNW $.[_GO\705D@I9F*KT2PI9HCJ?'1A.D\T

M;DA:1[ZF)&Z+Y/

MY/! JWI9BCZM8::9:G$);\EY(M\0J8ZHG.RA\@%+Q?W$884I6RXK
LATJ$F2
M
-



MH5$S_(LDL2X\K=KN &_EBA
=9D?6-(TQJ4:?:]\S67:9G[S- 6=;JQ%BZ1

94
)


06%XXKZ

MO4]GY%_[3TQ_@2##SUB]!=L]=SA6@:& [C7NY$@HC_?6F1C?1Q=B'+F'+4!6

MZ5AL[!2







(&::1C:)9D6\6
M/NN#Y$SC I@

M+IS*)4L622!*GECUEJ4!&=J6W?(ZF1TT!




]79/2^]OC[XV%4]X&9

M:QK=IOXPK'I


M2!8E3(

M[Y?Q\^S9S^

M JPT+YE

M






MNX2Z8




('F]S\+JXP 1C-1E75PE'RI2O*!?:/PQ_Y#7Q2D^3(-%0%HF$I=SH


45 Q+K+RUF8

M@U6X+RQW

M/X@^YSQS@/M5:XO%/]+A89C8:V9BP9';:ZM\3D*3M%W5&$'N88





QR?LVTGGQ8B\=G50.24^L*FZD??/5D)D\*#'@IV :)#&'
M7*Z,&1D1MOJG##D=?/PJ )R--3+%7T(.J)AM_I$.WIUG&X;AS(_\-8RE$&#
MXX/%8BJ)1)ZT!(9O!%1W-4^)AA'XZ9PZ#@:VQ9;%ET8RO6;)])]C2J:SN;FV

M08J



M

M3

.S
SE25[J^SAR$183C=SR

S'X8W2

M0
+P(72D;I=

MJI!]!2[ O$37.8@








MP(2W6*LO'J=R5J1W9

 ^ N


M#;]\Q
[-U^



3

MS/RL\A Z
<.9G)JR5&C ;VQ3SQDGA$TJS

MNH7'M&[



T\2
O$XS4E_)


M;@Z_;VANECA:=6;\&]K/;P:)&84ID:]5ZMWUZ3-[5C7?+SC!::0KX#BC'HZ
M\M '=JV9;[S+-_S1]=W7D.2_2H
8=P4736J0
3Q9I$K0^4$BX9!)Q+5--'[





XU/%4%ILW1F*.$!L


M/;??I:@P@1H3J
D2@JFS
74VII3$(
?4V;S* &N58#%U-L4\P]39E$.J;,Q
M=3:[-IHJZU\S=3:[0:.IL]D)&DV=C?$FSH;4V?S[)!XT#H;+]_77LIG7M3M

=IC[BN9$J8^H
M,':/#G\%LN%-?425P*\19CZBT/Z8^PM1'F
B8J8]X=?41&X1?#A?!X3&:


N7)1 8(P498M@@5+ K\FRK(,<?N)3ID@
MBPFRF#+\PBRD
2XHAKALN4OPR0

1W^1/TVX@-W8GC11B^
M^



.:8Y





IQQOXWJ&S O(C;!KC89=
MJU3K]7LY<H8::%\ H4]L .JJ_1SF'W_8-WF\(@$R2T!^J#QL2LQ5
MIBO_CM

J#\3C6A4!,*?8YD;*)]!CDF%/ILPX]5@F6;-YI0
MJ F%FEH86:4.AS)684&B59)D)A1Y_-R846BWY8$*A)A1J0J'/9$F%)I]
MU(132C4A$*KCL+CA4)W$ZS

M&^U.O==K9F*W!:_8#IA^&6#JG5:]T=H$F/EP\I9HZ39;=J





M$8 0.YX'-XU@^%NC56OW; #$B6&7


;J#']F
=Q8)

M@EP

MG0+SLI+0CYD27C9P?!
&8Q=5TW$0
LU2*+P[6I;M.O=E9=;P#B/=6B)Q^?A\

PLS7@?A


MC9H-G*-G[^J *I&0CLXP-AZC!PXNC1_X)UEW:L7.X&T+3J%7G-B3^[9W5=M$

Q?S/=<LZRF3_





KZ!Y3
M:H2$ON%QX'G!DVQH%FM7$&@Y?@03ABXH: 
AMA&U1DE(G7+P4==WX)X[GC4%




M0M

PQ5.T8WO9;M4X;1)WA

PY

M]E+19S=J?6%O5;YVOY7EY6#PO+GMW'PSB3G5#O^NG39W2/]P+T.5MD_IEG$
M@2N-KD


MWU^DTJM 64/YY7]R?6;48+.X6=RHP48-7E
+BR<.$LJYG*$XO':Z&W[FN4])0?X ]Z'
MZ#T!
% (V 

M!ZTADGU59]:3$UFA$I. R/@1;O:

4OSXE;H;F(MNG2'\7]5ZC+@%4^?+2:5-/3[-; _
9B

\EP75R&P1:4Q8*P 8S^AJH HG'_R; NF'!U&/_$\&?I@FH




M36P/A&G3Q'8?6#5-;%_@53%-;

MQ7U










S=PU2WUX7%



)AI66$*I?5/)5F7$0FL[UBCK\7

JE71'9*M+


?P=JZJB[/D2+/*

M^OBE9L-6

MD?C1*S7:_

M-N

MR!LY6QPF_*NX%'Q=:';PB#

6/L#5$U_#OTY(

H7'^
F5T$

\IO+_

MSI@':9
'%YD /-]LG[;:(NJ3WG3D/'[@GPR=Z%$7-1$R.:7;
%ACQ'6J9IWK


M

\B:

MNW*B&#0:)QQ9R13]+#7K
SI@(^OM?3!UAU:OU7A7XSK6*)CJOB?UH(@2I(Z?
M_P  


M).$\&6ZXAVZ[V^AWEF;2K@'1_/Y$O
)_H##3+2HLU^-O$3NC2
^&;1&[]6;+
MUI^]7+(9);F.T'%K7\/!2?D218]LL7(EQUB_[B4N 42(IZHZ]=DE6ORC;H

BV5@

M#G#7[/?Z]@K
I4#
7YI;-A7L]7JL/X$]0P^#O$TAV0'J.O/;QD,^U9$X:0






(:
M8$/&LQO/\6



M:YV





:


M6-%!TVKT97G*?:#QG)TPXRX&PH4H7^?E^X9Z0R;;[Y+M6=WM;




M'#2GPJ9



M?*929[9

J$*D'YH(9
SVS[++&JVN4!];;?3WQ

MD!:
1!%3FS(S4=8'9QV_$%72E4P!WJ4_:IWW'CYI;2/H]A^
V@BL0[D_-P)N
MS70W:?B7AF=O&]C8F=$H])D=?U-[].)S1*WR0@




MK0F+
=B6J\7%EDI UO0LE.B;G^MZ*Z?';=NUGMVJV?W^NOKII^5$QNNG6#
M28/)O=WN6K/1J=GMND'DEHALUNQ6O=9L[9E-'MJJ6F&)YHO1ECA2;''CK&=U

[!G(
Y!W
..]Y(1N

MKE#JU%JPJ.0$DSIE4J=





5A1'AEFS8
C4]0
M6W!_[D&I4Z[]$LU3V*HUV_U:KUELA:SS0Z:';PVK&MO*?E3J:83YGB.=3S'


^SV&TN[04N[







XEOM-1KU#^?!9.KX




*;-1E
W
YY!Z2*;V==%
M7I794$EV<A99(U FO#BY('8_!2$$ZMW\K\$V-CU&!Y+_
CO. -%AU\P/*[+

X +T:[B6_/K7
S:-P&;TN#BPGO47.0\BHL)2_
M[M
M T\9K7LKK7NUKQP6*Q%X%

C?D R6M4ZPD&K@=KS.J38E9WBED)I12=

U:10G:#8 )KE.$P#W



M:T5M^/S \8BDHD?&8N5GH56E(N^SF#Q($Z!?;7 R 03\P2^$'7@)@6XM@JVM
MZ2X#D60D)U&
&;YR


%!4;;!U[AC()Y[UX2!G![A*U-^RYDK$K




MW

MT

N[.$/

)'


_XF?)R+F\R7Z2LN
%#BHNC)JTF+


Q'DSD.;


C3DGXQA4:<X5P



M9/7A
Q06$B+)E5(1W14(Q 1P\$@RR4
3BP*9TR0$8S(J
G3*L
M
YKJHG8AN


H5?V0A6G@1@MO&J



@^C8:+


^X5/I 5:&
MT





)$#V-(X2Y)C!C8!K2[P4A.

)3E/Z#;


.75HI*CV:WC 2JA
MIT2Q$@J%4JB!V;!U)%@QSP?!C&XM%1=]*RYI-)M0-W D+BXEXO//54-C;E


M29NN@(:
NC/PL4P.$6Q*4ATO.YWRVDT47ZA$/00AI]]\*5E3C\UH88NR3Z


3V;-.;0FC$G


1O+$%T+/4D1._=I
M29(F56

M5E#Z1.DA1?FGQ)WH -$7@GR'8O_K^.[SRD&:52:Q9U#^2H(9O(P3EB(H(I

(EI0;@QZ+B:O8PTAS
M8 T]ER=+.0^BNXK(%

M$&);FV \!IB1L(1 ENCBINHX

 W( N)&RU\B'
M


M5Y#$I&Y0XQ&Y:
Z^1#B++%#*X%[%*X5[





B

3/--
)='$WY#73%_HW4?UWO*%8!!^U4$]'

V
METSLS






.!]
 ]ZLFI
:_/-

M

W5C](:Q$;79T8I5
$\=3LE'TY22TK







M#D?[/AZOO$RRJF#N*/5OQ\HEA@6

 @8XR4%L/O
[%E\4KW F2
M;3]OQM:LTS5


M-T
.







M)L

MC)&5
M Y

B*-+1CQ@
4S






O[ YR]#QR\U-;8A0PWN*7U'+\Y#\)7)HQ60WIN6(2:H!


*6


+.4F9$@XNX7T3MJWE3B9LA
WO
M:78U&IRB


M@K?3%$



[M]L2)R..%D&Z2*%ED+4#YB$B=V6V8AB
Q_#;M5(*TWDS(5$G)E< ;MGVA!1?$6M:#J H3
3:8RZJY


.I8S@1&JQF


P3C_\YIG@\
MFYO7C$
 -95;SCJKA)3


A?S$52&Q/S\


M?3J[^P@,TJ$C09$80F0

XQTC8M[/O8R%AT



9JO[@\J0#)]F

MF-




M7B6@UQ (_J=6RCZ-^@717\*[Y9 !FB:F#L!P5 6?-6G6XX^!FI2.#%T-8]:Q






M7!1Y*[2R!TKKP\;J(]HQ,X3.?;&2JUV(E)_%/O?ED9328=OSW*SI
^
-*I
MP:IS


RVQ]% 5#D9
NJ%M@'&=B*! DMCD+&J?6'



\:'R

M_A]Y)Y2S6/0@0]4EP=X4Z?.\:^9.+DAZD^MO?K%;_9;=[[=RN@_L N:#(R3'


=7?U];-RQW+
M2
MY?J4NKA'3J3/=I

M8)S4ZR=U^;GG#)@':@/__$]X*O7[;+:TO;^E&^LL+3%^%F9?X81#N0S\N +=

U _-/OMV]^86*I-*.

B-$0FF




 ()W'\

B)=]IB:JB5$Y M=SHRC@KFJ8%OW2(L(T


M_GQ7=?^!

A2@ 4A;RJ\_





M
DPJ*Z1(2WJ:D**



Q+*9W
TO02C&D^D2PH@EOF^L

QQ54C
V

M?
'\_DO

:?!/



M]TG

M'N4^BBAZC


P;B.02;K.T]*2^+V3-YW'I?84Q#@&J#@EKOC%@*6
MCS/RCQ(0+51F
(Y4

BMQG1?H(W*['DE*I7RO%1
.I
FOPN9O80CV9^:@4T1


M!V+IQQ?2F &_=

ZE

W'AG\$G-SWHNC
MFL*!699&4[49##70S 5Y4E*IMJ=^[YC^\L+L&;LLFF
E=MTQB\;[0_:KI]EH
M7?&9E7:1=V4V0ZM$S3M#FSRNG\!JTZ%FE2. 9@(S0$ITW90UU6\$S*E1E7YD
M0VG&1(FR6U.I^@V.*6.J#(T%G1D8)01OSZ_J.S+F%*HJ.E:T9H24R-TRZ:K?
M
)4RILJ(J





(G4_5






 XB.A2AIC@ 8Y7D+?KG64.3\EC**5G(G6.3Y]


_]JAO52D
LM'M#8^O!3.WGL=W?($EC\H_4!*O,U+$2;K8
M\XE@WVQ2A<)1JV3:^(3 $4S2%<LLT53WFI!$%/9I*K*B@L5\.(55&W_D'B
MN@7=SF#XTB._&AIMJLMZ9FMH3FUO;@4XR?X:/0=27\3CW@W_QF$
;P( AC
MP.8.3T%8V&-!U[D-\G6/J!=R7P



-&H/0D!8VB.B@C2GMP%XZKO6=R(






B/=?Q


FV[JSN6!LD6*23H'!=!TB


MY&@[FI&ST178LJH)S=7.:'XVGI'Q#P;==01N:7_4IOV1H]J/CX1V)P;UM13N
MZ'_2UGBT%
[H?\?'?*/Z.H*]:_\ 0\2GG@]\RMDD)W$8)*'H+5IQYJ!JBSWY


M?Z(

BWOZO&&NKW




G4 ?JD8



M
M
C Q.3 V



M#ZO(NR-I%B;QQXWYZZT-C\1!L@CCZX\;OUS

M-G[ZQY__Y-$_/_YE-O..0A(M]KS#))@=Q\OD!^^KOR)[WL\D)JF?)^D/WJ]^

MY


M9\&

MS=MO/-483%5_FV?'\?[BCD59=-!/S]J;(/%J,QH&OS[*^:B#@MRF1R&*0GH
MVRA#I!
@^G C[\=)&F:W%





MG@;'UR2GWH-VA8PF1@O6:UOEG3*J,9EJASR*B-_%/01GUGL2E.4($JR(I7F
M75)2SFNMEQ73\ZK#.

SH]%

MG;8Z @ZUE%!'30$'#:(Q4U] ^E


K7Z4

$/L2J##1GT\B42NP

M1W:780H]V3T2EH1
#S9E4Z

K9GJ$S;^5F-C





S;
Q-K.0]H::
M?IDF*TC?E6Z3

MG%-^M]PM??L'FN/
N<[KF?7AMD8*NU IL1OQ









XU-D+'

M8:@=\&?/
Z6*DIRS
.V$*3LWYYL_S^.!3=DJ
3B
QV;O%LFZ+4XE[.P
.N


-Y?-



&
'?CS/OR:Q2NO

M?3 YKO[EF&)P;_K@2C*O0Z?O=@G4'9ABX+M]X#6S5UZ+7:LSF!%)[/'$(KSM


#9\T$UK9X9&SS=T
J1;0P^4B2 S..4N+1B;D@:I'D#2<LY;7D

M()$XEXXL*9F0JU4I@D00NOR*S@3
?JD)PLI% 5S!R01B7.4)D.



MCR#4G \&BDAFQB1I-0D21YLHVI*9IRWH%X#+
K
#[[YUQ08H





(177.
M

M#/'J

P3;Q6LC6
MSH(&X%=JH1;/FEB8AA






M%0   &]R;F
M
C Q.3 V









MCROMPJHDZH^O)O-(33IP1 =M








M$*@JE@%\@GK?0\-Q(4M




[V3PU3+\%F^!2LX^&
M][=Z9G'

.0?/!'/L.:==-!(HZSQ $

M




M.C2

:$LB


M6:$%[F_XKJ_


M#C)0#Q+L8R_O-X1^H+_.OU9/EKPY4[RN]:WE%V_KW2^?^V=Y;MG65[9[DC
M1.R=98G*[9UEDR&P=Y;MG65[9]D0_1I^9[D4^^%&I#CK%=9F%@:ZHE$6H4 %



M3:!PE4 :XV'1L(X(*8R T6\T%#=;.-


?H1L?E&$XSA4FEF/ YU;D'MCQM^6'.Y?@T]GB7KEX?%


6


]2N6=GGS@?
H

$Y445#:'QR&+X!VV4\:?VV@ ^32
Q$FGDLW6%%4V&I);4


/



$0K/MK9*FCU#
8I$:X'MY9M(9





-37=/^WR#?;[!

&.J7A2H@






M!T:^22_&FT*-A0&A'3=0)9=CQD=M%#WS 9K=XVZ*Z0[Y1

MM;[S08+B#N-Y.&?1
LMTTSLKR Z







ESU0 V/\H'R):HO[V$ [9*



MWRH7B-I

M


J7U(7C]

M4



M&]6^SR=M/M9#L.C9Q9 R@*OIN

M'D4^UA.D: L&+P6$XL@3S7V@7LI'7O9




1
MFWT:UD!^TP[$0-8%X[H3%13Q.
=B32!!@EG7B'&'8WVC:?(16:^(FWQ0=ISZ



#7\T1*F



]AAVLV7MS'6V8:EZWI]0.O]&EO1R7N$1]/5X


[1J/14Y1&
M3\?+?VFET=

MC1YUK-'






M)=A0@@TEV%#GSN4L.83ZP3DK:?E)29'BB@4/-%6.@V4O268%JZWN%[V$B!
AX\<

MN/7$K2=N/7'KB1NA7\-?CBP
R.=K\N

TX$YC8B'KVF+O4?A4^C#D^\W0U/9-1.B=P&*6R08G)!BC8W


M(.7



Q:\X:=FUMKWEKSUIJW


BG]$5=='



MHN_JT@%Z2D

MS;A9L#66

5?\S'4C_I6;6D:H)

!3VD)* E-4[02MP?




YO
M76E


M
H
JOF7'=
V

=R00@^(\+*QF36$R)=E8


MF4 (NPZ0M&%1'XMNU^-+A!

M H'(=1T*09V!=(8?U-W$452+!6+9=4QELUSD/'A:J.JMIX $Q#6HZ*[#)G(F
MD+N4A&::2D?M-*6(AH'7=I2E%-[O=7MG@


M2GO=R%XW




D<C,^U2EKWA?2F@8F.V0P8&==$I99CPES9!J@&BAJ7W


M?@@9&13L#T73'FTKZD6I7A:KMAFIB+YB0C %IV8N:EFIKI)$/HWSB!@W!$46


ZP2
JO+K/*

S.';8:+!SP)3FJK^) ! 2;6MP=#
]KB+F4NK%N\RK


-;


3#7GIIZI28

MYI%U

?B
$EI6\
M=N[ ?H]2__)H?Z_?LA2;LQZ?KA0ZA=J/K@EC]ODE=(O^^[UB\-GTFX^&M*
MGOSP9N5'?G+*/<. K;1C&4-Z]\% O6/YAC#XT \&?3\P0?$8LT21O4RBKM/






+U


G&WF@6^)\Y9

MI/R[OSP*7V[#KU*T3[NB;;MQLG[*G^Y(D0\Y\9][$E/^E_\/4$L#!!0    (
M 
J.(T]LX!II(UH  %#G!  5    ;W)N8RTR
#$Y
#8S


M6





MZ'
%(JG/A0RP((MZ1$VMK!!IGR[R+:[+*7_+ R3%8N.SZ# 7XW.# J!.?2
M&)1#?@E1U



MQ)L


F8

M]8WS+



SX7!BITOO36]Q*@
MIK.;;V#T[A#.L#L_W\\A)(/COV7YQ;XHLRW)51G .B%_1P%T -OS $.)X 0P
MPI+V
2N9TRX'UK\RT[_.DHBWEUH#KGFU!]\'[U\#*&WOSD[MJNM?.K?W\'FP
M'CZW]/ YQ!X^=^OAXV7367KXPM[#%\%Z^




M-




ME[;#3[Z-6/_2??QJ[^^.D/?NE@!*O=U(P.KL(2QM7Y]\0[%!Q%8O''J[*^:_







M#;N\_OR/BYN_#MK2_\I'5ZO L&[N?AZ\BQ5@%$5\(73IY_NY#CO_RFN7=L#T


M/
8

N#2BXD'H
:
N+6)N[3+!CXJ&

PPL(
MMR007=+/5'=5&&1]TT0+=T@521 4773HM)2I1H^*.5P% &W88.9&FHYD&
I(




0 L07-3(-3QIA)*1#KHF)R=8=V64Y*PG/M@V4HY-9W/
*F1'T8*%


M0 @B+AERRIMMMUEZ7V;K+_=/F#Z/Y;XL2IRR6R?ULS2CDN?IKT
#!I-@@P8@

%CR5#: :F

M_QN


M$9_T4H'KLJC[/1BR*$ -.5&+Q 0(]K+G@J*6KU9I'UR0LCWY!E()@F&)



MK)J^YVZ.31E.Z2QJ8$CGCE4U 12:




MPQ-G:'*18\9O5&T)ZC,T#S.R9J20C]R(90[-$*OSJ[4HN.5]*YP._QS:0

A
NVL(U%T6?A'-O2)=U=BTP

BUJFAVE!








N#US51)^V5-F;(

MQND;*K^NS!)ZX&8K+\].0L-Z26E+*]=S3F/GC38'6BOM_^700I:)+8D\OLF
M?!HN 6+/#2FM$Y*!C$^F*.%U^=$3@.6J5-D








H15]N/

;KPI/
F(_-R1-)
MB_B9M.M*^D-]5BWO.:/V)DBYHWH5
)-=-YR:ZN5=M3KG:)/E?%1]H]-?& 3D

MTT;56'.HQ? 7AXQJNOUV$2=SP=E]O#:



@]&;I4A*_60+A1
LT+ -)8A\3/;&/N?TJU;!\TS?&3#M9#S[[

M--A

G35(G(!DLQ\
M*G!;+;:L


M'_FDYM WC;K]\NV6MJ&DX0[+2]]M]9'N& 


MO4Z0#&![4R&%')C!T@!.FM=4HF#9XS[P'QPY0 WI#@OEWL5D18];.5EIYR8?
MAQ.7S0GBN^








_+N[0U<W%




!F8'
MT
U@;) -3B!'@+*_XQJ(J2N0QECNGI'
EB]UCN:L'(8_%
KCHPR33& RUN
M9U=S=
<



MU8[2?C_

M=B5^FUTSGPF#I%4I\J*N18X3FVLT:GBN^&:#/BCQIA
'0S8[1D7U-A$&
I=8
R&'F*HW#AJZ

M:#;_;79SL3ACYVSN/L^NN^L1)QXHQ)T/\SU99?6%#XZK8JZ:_NH?CFI*6_K0



M


SR:GBM@LY)2C8Q
MP'R







MFR$O*%:&46



'2
MRGZ?Y?G]XM\_

2_9.




MX(Y-PQMOW* WG#&+P^+$T;IT'2MA!*N!6-XI$EB1]340)YW3^*FT;\GXE(
ME7


PG(J9:^[_?;+<[?V@Q@
M.FK<QX]IO(G7;$.H;3)K'BOS8;TF\V3_FZ/.4[CVTME#K
7G.M';(1\NH5;


M(_:.D**


 ;V]CDT


MIY@


M#UJYG]AULQ+HG.Z8)FI.Y[J8 
CK

M/7]DZ9L%O\W\Q^IOQM0?.PY5?
HO+RAXJ2@C

MZ4MVU#* .M-PRP&:'\;TLH!JN\%Y?X+&'*E
()2WHVKD49Y;8PLN_P?-/: .

M2&E3@$$^1Y12&-&H

MCL

M7E5/TWBIH9#7W&TEP%YJ=D\5ABAQ;MA;SS
O6_Y%DQ.C^C4@*1D-%K@%
&


M.
[T@.:LP4P2K0CM?MNGGZ;(' X0N6B%'
;OCOWI(\SB+E@H-!V!N9K( ;#FDE85#'!F_(F(X\
MV[BOZI\)%1@K\,WE=W?XY1.=PN8Q3G0[/AI9OP<-#'#[!PD4@L%)Y().2IS$
M+VA;RP CS66<QL43B7[)9.]C$PY&R5@)6]ZDO(HX(G99A4,N@Q ^-OJB31
MJA6:5@Z% N3?#@ J4G K3#44






4_:8SNS:DG]]G

C


QTPTGR+?L6JS3W1L!A.

%#74V)1

MZE9ZOI!D'GZ



M$:K']UKGY+M[PLDW&T_*31Q9QB\?%/#Z'.@( .IW&95I$P]
))?OV66Y;[2!


M@0


/Y&)!)TZA&%.'BYT#K
M7O








METI0P_1;8=EZ#^^I_

&42L!P!;[]


M(FRW=-90







M;+!8Q!$19\ OL_Q\7\0I*8K9^N_[N(AU-74/-AF:@F
;[QH^VNR]'Q_HW!8S

M3-6)Q6/40Q/;U@G'S[0!4U7 V7+6?0KGDZ


0KN(8,7:=1+RQ****]BX*I!DT%/ Y/];; L-76W)$)A.^5N1;T-OX*=?\\

#XV)%'/JK2<GF&N/C_6' (B=<]A)@/?640/8;B-V



M?27D^



MXAT=N-=L?L.OO6*%%EE

__W?0;QI_&F3+[G-BWX][H)(R@'=#TR 'T@\T

AM
J49S
SDZ
M6:Y&AR\.:1DF:6\K


MEGU2_8B/HOL.'







M&[H[5]EU6O%V3\HRT5[Q[J#DS3












G&P-#YT!9(


MP@$B1/L5:AK)X+


M


M*2_C?_#0\C8G.QQ'USB-.% IFG'4^R/*UMYZB?X6SR;6)NF. ZV91F8;=B5Y




M(GKS$!0]Z:X
K6M'(Y?2X1L3?.Q47E3#_NYN3(?IXIQ$
3^+U$DWE?M2)06L

C^DJ2^)G%

M&VH2A]8W#EC'O(--

M;3IOI;H(0D5JUSFA*V)7V2*V7CG.UB](0.38\6+XMLA.2'.#U#+T^$#TL/

M!3]2$

U



M4N/U4K [J@M1\X8_$-H;1)_#0-_$B2D
K&/3K.0;Y&G$9N496TQF(RV(7KXA

;S:'7I[B
M]1



5NLK4(]


M/3'\E!1N



SW
KN\J^(66W%:GTX/YE:9



M!5

NK4NKSF1]MZ9:\%[07MFD
MRRQ75.8<V9=V@^^IJYU;8V.V\L


2*5:PJU*M3%3






[
M)!Z?T2J;@-73D_$?EO5:%WNH%]X+9ADD!T2^R1&8H#/TOOA@:<5A;1G@&A1

H![00M/Q'\@#US]F




M=N&N

M$RK&LNF8=@&XZY

?.JRV@U@283JP6








M#:YVU8@ ZBT=
GDMH#K&QP3/T.*UWI^OC@S%_R!1LPE_!FFR*+)05OB5% R[







[*U;C5+I+
MC2B@5\Z&4)HGB

$%     @ RHXC

3DP-C



M%]&2ANL_?_/Y]M7L]O3R\ALO2?UPZ0=12/[\31A]\Q__]W_^#X_][T__Z]4K


M@ 'RNF4O^; A_*OFJQ










M+((HR6*CWV4D=.3C#N;K#N/S6G?C#F1]=60[H#\/ZS^ ]!B^/1!LQ[#^_FP
M/L,Y',?GA_;:ADOO_C^LDTJ86(!L$[IJ8X9%X#UMPVO(6

M 3G)D6




M]AM$/$!

;;C-UA
!]AO
^4041U@
MY[1$ _8+.%@AM

5LQ:WW2!K8IE)1#-4C((Q&P@%SC*#;

MT8,6X%K0A;?K:/'UTM7W

MM+'%LL M






M$BOFBJ(I4!\?\.E#(;5+/RZW[&[(-HIY #ZOC*9UYQ048*\.GUKT(#C4SOF&

*+R,U*YEDJ:B0S T)KTVKIH.I!Y9K# 7&\7GW*-O=ZQ[S:
MJH+A

MI''*



\(CC8^


MVS





M=FHA'-PE]YL&VFW107'3ECI-3@0KZ-Q





)7IDS/_3CDSZLPOS[;9*)B/O
XZ()JT^3


!RQ_I: /Q
SI K;[V!@S$OEI
RM*663R/5=[C:Z4HF.5$?*V*A*,MO@*#[=8 R*6A;;5(G6IM3F8 =O
M[34T0&%-Q6E!XZN-YP5:M?WM<V0&T50PNTL
)7
5\6;QE&H*/WW/2@2E?!0


5X:0$6\I
H?.[,D5)C
MTL2N(8_+JZ<*S#\G2RWFE<^=F=\VF#?D&?]U7_Z0?)B1X8'

=X1H:


M9!7%)&_'7 22G#^Q19Q!3$
_?A;2\RM4W

M3;--7A





MQED6\Y$K1I.H\V-(?060HK'*05
GD8A,R(2(5/^<TK9AG)+%JPE
M+P_<;HXV*(QU;O
7S!\@Q7YV7]_GB

!YW424FIYC+=BS0F.#:

%!WX-5K:0EDH\Y#:NTVH!S[!959PG
R
MZ++(_[J(XI

5V_ZD[F7P


JKMTKVM 0*D8FAZG;^
M

MK


!:H.!^;A.BORB(/!'EJL0^(R?&2 1;$V4=) YCH1LH4V
M3.J4P-*ULK9[ Z0IYFRQ$&6IV&PA]%$?_(11NTZO'& LJ$%ZB4/B.B9;GR[/

MUPFC ZXO


G:?M

M]

M5R=^^.6
_8O8K;W.^VX0



EZ:A#*## $$]2CM





MNME3Z;&9VM7

HJEZ;@?SY6U]OI0LOO4$$S%O=FR^]3@C





O$L






0J-H[K35_;W=0

R51DJ(8.
5U$7$




R4OX


MC$HM3;\IE)*O
N=






5TZ*ZJXEYYXBN?C9$=


M__DL**O/%_E(HK/HNP^767![H:?8:GM]UN (V&PIS2LY_$0(.,8/KOZ7.U
M6DT!5.M@#W%8J]4DO

M7FR3)70=YI4&%H=YDD5^;Y ?\X'7NPXLP9$]XKN+BRF8;[A&5AQ*@HH$K$
D(03(+@TE-FLQUB\,0. ^H(O$$<NP1
M&LC1FVCXF#M$_FZ%^



M+E.Q%@]DF05DOKK.[EGO/J?\ N*S
K0(2=5JS])I':)^QD8]W:LKO@C6!^F[
MI[HUH%&N0?7Z:;=)/CV#:E%.K
AW%WAKYFZMG6E-L;H()MQMY=-ZS)5PY@8
M5,*F)[ED/VIN&\O:XE-?&I-%#I_BYKR:T6V'A:$#ZD.&PW-/ER\GS_*D'
MMA5\F3U1C4[

MZ/D!3TD2R_DGDGXDF_O]Y4G)NB=O[CHC$CH*Z\N@3OCQGW(PB\]?KV.R+FX


MSO+Q7]UT;-1ORTW5DA3#'$3RBO10=FOY@'G1T8









4YANSN44:@+']D=+






]^(U'MR2W;.]N8^E=\- DR#0GZ=(G_/


MVN7?AR8.?/Y&


^*6




MV:4]6QQEDN$(-!^\J92_J'1PL7#QH^_Z.L&FG'X#J A1GDQEX/ZBI[:2H7


MW7'[UF/\4%PV4PH










74[F)_26[(

?^SN3Q:-ZXCTFPW07$45#OL
MF:FFKPU#I7U

M.^--):]) ;NBK=

D2J2/O1R=D6V4T#01&6K/HN!KF6(*C:)^7U^:




M#W6GT)'=M#2V4[431LJD7$HY%8TFW/AX[ZLKQT%5 0 ]7V/3*U60 SZF2W

*Z
M#1#8*4J#*W8P16FF*
T4I9FNYTW7\T8; W.X0_)M7F]DC2!V==!;;.@R6^HL
M(Q=
JA
__*(Q0*2-1W/+3B






+BW] F$;:4=$-H?D4';D'1H
M9

/]:6H9.O1TL8
M?^N5KLELWI*3U6

Y_(N9;TSH:5XM92^2E
M]H





MK/M\
&L/E]_7?2W!S2N8%
]TYC_O.0YS)]0DAV%I@9-C
/3'Y6K9X3MY7KB\



M**[5KI4QCF*T




=EFF-D2.EY2.G
M-]6IV4$5Z#IZTQ&OP=?2XDN71BW)6D.5X#H
HY?VN!@#=R0I#11OUY$3B.3C

!$AB8;0:!54R9ZEN
QX[
M26QJ6VJ),)27&%?5%0BJBN5JJK6I)Y'I?N=:ZU

GSS?TJ2L0C(*=1F-(PH^%ZOBUR<8HT

]:EYSV]MD1HSU^#O\[
M

M /JK$^O,V2H*-G@.%QZ&8869O9],HFHSAL20D466%NUR!'9;$I-P[ 99

M''WS %I
[S-A

G



+


M/']4



M(
(/;7O4O_L3^0HR0-1T0/@=/U(%!@#'/.EC [(P
QR^:&62X.48%8H06B'Y










2F0Q:_\D([6$39R4[S-#*9!G(E);NO[#B


M7E-:^Y36WL1W2FN716U^Y7EH_WB(LEL:4&9RWY'%0Q@%T?KY-+I*]=DO0%K




DRWDLTA&9\?\I
87C3ES3W ?PCR&/0T0
:3APOF($6+J@?
M7(:K*-[XQ:F)& ?
?MOZX?
\#)[W4FH




MUPX3'$ON?NF?KB^(GY;NCZ@:TJGQ


3DP-C
P7V1E9BYX;6Q0
M2P$% ,4     #*CB-/;. ::2-:  !0YP0 %0              @ $/(P$
M;W)N8RTR
#$Y
#8S

MJG0$ !4              ( !97T! &]R;F
M
C Q.3 V


 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyDisclosures'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times




<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

