

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-21-044275
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		103
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20200630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20210823
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20210823
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ORANCO INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001098996
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				870574491
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-28181
		FILM NUMBER:		211196347
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE LIBERTY PLAZA
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2310 PMB# 21
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10006
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-759-3614
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE LIBERTY PLAZA
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2310 PMB# 21
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10006









     





UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30
 2020 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the transition period from ___________ to ___________

COMMISSION
FILE NO.&nbsp;000-28181

ORANCO
INC.
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)


(State
or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization)


IRS
Employer Identification Number

One
Liberty Plaza
 Suite 2310 PMB# 21
New
York
 NY 10006
Tel.
(646) 759-3614
(Address
and telephone number of principal executive offices)

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:



Title
    of each class
    
Trading
    Symbol(s)
    
Name
    of each exchange on which registered

    
    
    
    
    


Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes&nbsp;&#9744;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&#9746;

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes&nbsp;&#9744;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&#9746;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for shorter period that the registrant as required to file such reports)
 and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes&nbsp;&#9744;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&#9746;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T (&sect; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). Yes&nbsp;&#9744;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&#9746;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller reporting
company
 or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo;
&ldquo;smaller reporting company
 &ldquo;and &quot;emerging growth company&quot; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



Large
    accelerated filer &#9744;
Accelerated
filer &#9744;

Non-accelerated
    filer &#9744;
Smaller
reporting company &#9746;

    
Emerging
    growth company &#9746; &nbsp;


If
an emerging growth company
 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. &#9744;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management&rsquo;s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. &#9744;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act) Yes&nbsp;&#9744;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&#9746;

The
aggregate market value of the voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the last business day of the registrant&rsquo;s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter was approximately $10
422
668.84.

As
of August 10
 2021
 there were 41
 948
757 shares of the registrant&rsquo;s common stock issued and outstanding.





    
    


TABLE
OF CONTENTS



    
    
    

    
    
    

ITEM
    1
    
    

ITEM
    1A
    
    

ITEM
    1B
    
    

ITEM
    2
    
    

ITEM
    3
    
    

ITEM
    4
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

ITEM
    5
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

ITEM
    6
    
    

ITEM
    7
    
    

ITEM
    7A
    
    

ITEM
    8
    
    

ITEM
    9
    
    

ITEM
    9A
    
    

ITEM
    9B
    
    

ITEM
    9C.
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

ITEM
    10
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

ITEM
    11
    
    

ITEM
    12
    
    

ITEM
    13
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

ITEM
    14
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

ITEM
    15
Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules
    

ITEM
    16
    
    




    
    


FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
(the &ldquo;Securities Act&rdquo;) and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;).
These forward-looking statements are not historical facts but rather are based on current expectations
 estimates and projections. We
may use words such as &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo;
&ldquo;foresee
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate&rdquo; and variations of these words and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements.
These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks
 uncertainties and other factors
 some of
which are beyond our control
 are difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted.
These risks and uncertainties include the following:


The
availability and adequacy of working capital to meet our requirements;



Actions
taken or omitted to be taken by legislative
 regulatory
 judicial and other governmental authorities;



Changes
in our business strategy or development plans;



The
availability of additional capital to support capital improvements and development;



Other
risks identified in this report and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission or the SEC;



The
availability of new business opportunities; and



Global
or national health concerns
 including the outbreak of epidemic or contagious diseases such as the COVID-19 epidemic.


This
Annual Report on Form 10-K should be read completely and with the understanding that actual future results may be materially different
from what we expect. The forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are made as of the date of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K and should be evaluated with consideration of any changes occurring after the date of this Annual Report on Form
10-K. We will not update forward-looking statements even though our situation may change in the future and we assume no obligation to
update any forward-looking statements
 whether as a result of new information
 future events or otherwise.

Use
of Term

Except
as otherwise indicated by the context hereof
 references in this report to &ldquo;Company
&rdquo; &ldquo;ORNC
&rdquo; &ldquo;we
&rdquo;
&ldquo;us&rdquo; and &ldquo;our&rdquo; are references to Oranco
 Inc. All references to &ldquo;USD&rdquo; or United States Dollars refer
to the legal currency of the United States of America.



    
    


PART
I

ITEM
1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS

Company
Background

We
are engaged in marketing self-owned brand and wholesaling of spirits and wines in China through our operating subsidiary
 Fenyang Huanxin
Wine Industry Development Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Huaxin&rdquo;) and Fujian Jin&rsquo;ou Trading Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Jin&rsquo;ou&rdquo;). We
maintain our principal executive offices at One Liberty Plaza
 Suite 2310 PMB# 21
 New York
 NY 10006
 United States. Our telephone number
is (646) 759-3614.



We
run a growing alcohol marketing self-owned brand and wholesale business guided by a core purpose: to promote premium alcoholic beverages
to China&rsquo;s population. We currently focus our business on the sale of Chinese Fenjiu liquor and imported wines. We aim to achieve
this purpose by catering to the ever-evolving customer tastes in alcohols through our creative marketing strategies and innovative product
designs that target different age groups of China&rsquo;s population. To that end
 we have hired marketing talents who have decades of
experience in effective alcohol brand building. As a result
 we believe we have managed to respond to the demand for Chinese Fenjiu liquor
and imported wines in the Chinese marketplace.


    
    


We
believe that Fenjiu liquor presents great business opportunities for us to utilize creative product designs and marketing strategies
to attract Chinese consumers. Collaborating with Fenjiu Group
 the sole producer of Fenjiu liquor in China
 we have been focusing on
product design to convey a modern feel to our Fenjiu products while maintaining Fenjiu liquor&rsquo;s historical elegance. We believe
our designer packaging
 symbolized by its bright coloring and prominently fat-bellied jars
 stands out from those of our competitors.
With creative designs and stylized names
 our registered trademarks
 such as Dagangjiu (translated as &ldquo;Big Jar Liquor&rdquo;)
are effective in capturing the attention of Chinese consumers
 young and old.

Established
in October 2016
 we believe our imported wine distribution business has high growth potential as evidenced from the market prices of
the imported wines from Spain and New Zealand
 the two countries where we import most of our wine products from
 in the current Chinese
market. A great majority of our competitors have priced their 750mL bottles of wine imported from Spain and New Zealand well above RMB
200. This price falls within the premium range in the general Chinese wine market. Within the general Chinese wine market
 the premium
range enjoyed the highest year-on-year growth compared to other price tiers of wine in 2018. This pricing trend for premium wines is
applicable to imported wines from Spain and New Zealand
 which we believe will benefit our growth in 2019. &nbsp;Accordingly
 our strategy
is to continue pricing our imported wine products within the premium range levels to generate higher margins. Though marketing and branding
are still integral parts of the wine business in China
 wine sales are highly driven by the origin of the wines. Since Spain and New
Zealand are considered prime origins for wine productions
 we believe that our imported wine products will continue to attract the attention
of Chinese consumers and promote the sustainable growth of our imported wine business.

We
believe that effective marketing strategies and creative product designs are two major contributing factors to our success. To improve
and maintain the effectiveness of our marketing strategies
 we have established integrated and collaborative processes to drive coordinated
operations across our marketing efforts and sales. Our marketing strategies enable us to promote multiple sales concepts across two major
alcohol categories
 effectively attracting different age and cultural groups of the Chinese population. Our marketing plans are tailored
to meet the evolving taste and demands of Chinese consumers. As a result
 we believe that the Company&rsquo;s innovative and highly-customized
designs draw considerable public attention
 which in turns is a contributing factor to the volume of our sales.

For
the fiscal year ended June 30
 2020
 we generated revenue of approximately 95% from Fenjiu liquor wholesale and approximately 5%
from imported wine wholesale. For the year ended June 30
 2019
 we generated revenue of approximately 97% from Fenjiu liquor wholesale
and approximately 3% from imported wine wholesale. We have not experienced any seasonality in our business.&nbsp;&nbsp;

Industry
Overview

Chinese
Fenjiu Liquor Market

We
believe that the long-term demand for Chinese hard liquor
 especially Fenjiu liquor
 will continue to grow in China. The overall business
environment has been optimistic
 due to the continuous economic growth evidenced by the significant growth of Chinese nominal gross domestic
product (&ldquo;GDP&rdquo;). This has led to an ever-increasing growth in China&rsquo;s per capita expenditures on food
 tobacco
 and
alcoholic beverages
 indicating increased consumers&rsquo; disposable income and willingness to spend money on alcoholic beverages in
general. According to the National Bureau of Statistics of China
 the sales volumes of Chinese liquor in China has remained relatively
flat between 2012 and 2016. Given the increasing purchasing power and improving living standards
 the sales volume of Chinese liquor
increased from 11
267.0 million liters in 2012 to 13
057.1 million liters in 2016
 with a compound annual growth rate (&ldquo;CAGR&rdquo;)
of 3.8%. Overall
 we believe consumers are increasingly interested in drinking better quality liquor. We expect that with the Chinese
consumers&rsquo; increasing purchasing power the consumption of Chinese liquor will shift to higher quality products and therefore the
Chinese liquor market is expected to experience growth in the near future. According to the China Insights Consultancy (&ldquo;CIC&rdquo;)
report
 there are approximately 1
578 Chinese liquor producers in China with annual revenue above RMB 20 million in 2016. These producers
are mainly located in the southwest
 northeast and central China. Given the Chinese government&rsquo;s implementation of policies designed
to control and limit spending on &ldquo;the three public consumptions&rdquo;
 namely overseas travel
 receptions
 and official cars
the high-end Chinese liquor market in China has undergone extensive restructuring since 2012.&nbsp;


    
    


Chinese
government officials had a long history of using high-end liquors at reception events. However
 in 2012
 the Chinese governments implemented
policies designed to control and limit spending on &ldquo;the three public consumptions&rdquo;
 namely overseas travel
 receptions
 and
use of government vehicles. Ripples of this anti-corruption campaign are felt beyond the high-end liquor industry
 in sectors that heavily
rely on China&rsquo;s gifting culture and the lavish lifestyle of the privileged for growth. This extensive restructuring of Chinese
liquor market caused by the anti-corruption campaign from Chinese government lasted for several years. As a result
 the overall spending
on high-end liquor market in China was limited and the sales volumes of Chinese high-end liquor has remained relatively flat until 2016.
Nowadays
 the structure of Chinese liquor market is stable again and has a steady growth supported by constant economic growth in China.
Chinese consumers are expected to spend more on purchasing high-end liquors led by their increasing purchasing power.&nbsp;

Fenjiu
Group and its subsidiaries are the sole suppliers of Fenjiu liquor in China. Fenjiu liquor has a relatively long history and is one of
the world-famous Chinese liquor brands. Due to the Chinese government&rsquo;s implementation of policies meant to control and limit spending
on &ldquo;the three public consumptions&rdquo;
 sales revenue in the Fenjiu liquor market have followed a downward trend since 2012.
However
 with increasing per capita incomes and rising demand for mid-to-high-range products
 the Fenjiu liquor market started to rebound
in 2015
 the market has expanded in terms of sales revenue to reach RMB5
117.9 million in 2016. Shanxi Province is the main market of
Fenjiu liquor. Approximately 55% of Fenjiu liquor sales revenue was achieved in Shanxi in 2016. It is expected that the sales revenue
of Fenjiu liquor will reach a further RMB10
532.0 million in China by 2022
 increasing at a CAGR of 12.8% between 2016 and 2022.&nbsp;

According
to the CIC report
 at the end of 2016
 the total number of Fenjiu liquor distributors reached 987 in China. The Fenjiu liquor distribution
market is highly competitive with no single distributor occupying a major share of the market.&nbsp;

There
are relatively high entry barriers for new competitors in the Fenjiu liquor distribution market. First
 it is important for new entrants
to get an authorization from Fenjiu Group
 which is the sole provider of Fenjiu liquor products in China
 to distribute Fenjiu Group&rsquo;s
products. Fenjiu Group started placing stricter requirements on its distributors
 including
 for example
 new sales target
 proven experience
in the industry
 past cooperation with Fenjiu Group. Thus
 it has become increasingly difficult for new players to enter the market.
Fenjiu liquor enjoys widespread popularity in and around Shanxi Province
 with markets in other parts of China being significantly smaller.
It is therefore important for new entrants to have a pre-existing distribution network in certain regions of China in order to be successful.
It remains risky for new entrants to enter into new areas where Fenjiu liquor is not yet fully established and where the distribution
market is already saturated. Distributors range from mom-and-pop stores in Shanxi Province to larger companies with years of experience
in the Fenjiu liquor industry
 each competing for a fair share of the market. Intense competition arises between distributors within
the same region
 selling the same or different Fenjiu brands. Fenjiu liquor includes a variety of products
 differing in terms of ABV
vintage
 recipe
 etc. Although there are no dominant varieties in the market
 some are preferred by end consumers more than others. However
almost all of these popular varieties have already been taken up by exclusive distributors. Thus
 new entrants might find it difficult
to source popular products directly from Fenjiu Group or will be left to source them from existing distributors
 which entails lower
profit margins.&nbsp;


    
    


Chinese
Wine Market

According
to the International Organization of Vine and Wine
 or OIV
 the per capita wine consumption in China is much lower than the US average
level between 2012 and 2016. After the reduction of &ldquo;three public consumptions&rdquo; in 2013
 China&rsquo;s per capita consumption
showed a further decrease. However
 the consumption pattern has changed and the wine consumption has grown into a mass consumption accompanied
by a decrease in wine price. Compared with the world average consumption
 China&rsquo;s per capita wine consumption has been around one-third
of the world&rsquo;s average since 2010. The relatively low per capita wine consumption in China indicates great growth potential for
China&rsquo;s wine market in the future.

According
to the CIC report
 Chinese consumers should
 between 2017 and 2022
 develop the habit of drinking wine rather than other alcoholic beverages
wine consumption is considered a healthier option. In addition
 the development of O2O platforms selling wine will most certainly facilitate
the purchase of wine in China.

There
are three market drivers for China&rsquo;s wine market. Firstly
 China&rsquo;s per capita disposable income has been increasing rapidly
mainly due to increasing wages. Rising disposable income translates into increasing purchasing power for Chinese people; it also means
that Chinese people tend to focus more on their quality of life. As wine is considered in China as a premium product with some beneficial
health effect
 we believe that increasing purchasing power will stimulate the further growth of wine consumption. In addition
 the characteristics
associated with drinking wine
 such as beautification and antioxidation
 play an important role in contributing to its consumption
 especially
for female customers. Secondly
 China&rsquo;s urbanization rate has been improving greatly during the past decades and the Chinese government
sets up the goal that the urbanization rate of China is set to reach 60% by 2020. With the further improvement of the urbanization rate
in China
 the retail sales market is experiencing a rapid growth in urban regions in China. Thirdly
 there are favorable national and
international policies for imported wine. According to bilateral trade agreements signed by the PRC government with New Zealand
 Chile
and Australia
 imported goods from the three countries will benefit from low tariff rates
 effective from 2019. According to those agreements
by 2019
 these tariffs will be totally eliminated. This favorable policy should reduce the wine retailing price and hence contribute
to a growth in sales.&nbsp;

Our
Strengths

Although
we operate in a highly competitive industry
 we believe that the following factors provide us with the competitive advantages in the
marketplace that could differentiate us from our potential competitors:

Our
Company has a high brand recognition in the Chinese Fenjiu liquor market

Our
Fenjiu liquor is sold under the &ldquo;Dagangjiu&rdquo; brand and is one of the Chinese Fenjiu liquor market&rsquo;s most popular brands.
We have leveraged our business relationship with Fenjiu Group and relied on Fenjiu Group&rsquo;s international fame to become one of
the leading brands in international alcohol festivals. We believe that our brand&rsquo;s strong recognition reinforces our existing customer
goodwill in Shanxi province and beyond
 providing us with a competitive advantage.

Our
Marketing Team&rsquo;s Extensive Experience and Superior Reputation in our Industry

We
believe that our competitors&rsquo; marketing team cannot match our marketing experts&rsquo; extensive industry experience and their
superior reputation. To some degree
 our commercial campaigns are well accepted by consumer trends and resonate with potential liquor
distribution partners.

Additionally
we believe our marketing expertise and design proficiency required to successfully attract new customers combined with our ability to
generate a range of business concepts and capability to customize each sales opportunity according to customers&rsquo; need are advantages
when competing in the Chinese Fenjiu market. Our expertise also allows us to successfully manage the numerous regional and cultural complexities
involved in operating a traditional liquor business in China.

A
Flexible Business Model

Our
current business model is flexible. It can be adjusted to different products we sell and to different producers we sign cooperative agreements
with. While operating a mix of marketing campaigns and business concepts under our own registered trademarks &ldquo;Dagangjiu&rdquo;
and &ldquo;Dagang Jiufang&rdquo;
 we entrust our liquor inventory to reputed large-scale producers. Currently
 we are in a strategic
partnership with Fenjiu Group.&nbsp;


    
    


Our
current business strategy emphasizes on the marketing
 packaging and distribution of Fenjiu liquor and imported wines. However
 should
we decide to change our business strategy catering to other popular liquor products such as Luzhou-flavor liquor and Maotai-flavor liquor
we can quickly adjust our marketing strategy and product packaging to meet customers&rsquo; evolving needs and preferences. Since our
brand is well recognized and our current business model is based on flexible dealership
 we can adjust our strategic partnerships to
address new product preferences while maintaining our accumulated goodwill. This approach enables us to update marketing concepts and
product mix at any time and allows us to be flexible in our marketing approach.

This
flexible business model has contributed to the resilience of our business performance.

Service-driven
and Cohesive Management Team

Our
talented and dedicated senior management team has guided our organization through its expansion and
 we believe
 positioned us for continued
growth. Additionally
 our management team possesses extensive experience across a broad range of disciplines
 including Chinese liquor
marketing
 sales
 E-Commerce
 finance
 franchising and business management. Our management team embraces our core purpose to &ldquo;promote
premium alcoholic beverages to the Chinese population of all ages&rdquo;. They are the promotors of our passionate and customer-oriented
business culture
 which is shared by our employees throughout our company. We believe our management team is service-driven and cohesive
focusing on the Company&rsquo;s long-term business growth.

Our
Business Ecosystem&nbsp;

We
help connect a large number of business partners and distributors through our vast alcoholic beverage business network
 creating business
value for all participants in the ecosystem. The diagrams below illustrate the interactions amongst key participants in the&nbsp;ecosystem:



For
our imported wine wholesale business
 we serve as the exclusive distributor and we are authorized to customize and rebrand alcoholic
beverages produced by upstream manufacturers.&nbsp;

For
our Fenjiu liquor wholesale and marketer business
 we serve as a distributor and we are authorized to customize and rebrand alcoholic
beverages produced by upstream manufacturers.



We
are a diligent promoter of our own branded alcoholic beverages. We believe our unique brand names are crucial to our market success.
We cherish our relationship with our highly experienced and qualified distributors
 who are our key business partners who bring our brand-named
products to Chinese markets. We have adopted a business policy very favorable to these distributors to encourage them in reaching more
customers in undeveloped markets with our own brand-named products. For new qualified distributors
 our sales department will help them
develop sales strategies and explore potential sales opportunities. In addition
 we hold free tasting sessions for distributors&rsquo;
customers and explore investment opportunities to help our distributors achieve profitability as soon as possible.




    
    


Our
own brand name series products:



    
    
Dagangjiu
Series (translated as &ldquo;Big Jar Liquor series&rdquo;) Products
    
Our
    customers choose our Dagangjiu series products for various purposes
 such as personal enjoyment
 gifts for loved ones
 and premium
    alcohol for special occasions and festivities. We believe that our Dagangjiu series products enjoy consider goodwill in Shanxi province
    and beyond.




    
                                                                     
    
New
                                            Zealand Imported Wine Series
    
Our
    upstream business partners specializing in wine production are located at maritime and cool climate regions in New Zealand
 which
    is famous for its Marlborough Sauvignon Blanc and Pinot Noir.
    
Our
    Waipara Springs series products and Bascand Estate series products are easy-drinking
 medium-bodied Pinot Noir wines with succulent
    berry fruit flavors and elegant citrus finish. They also have aromas of raspberries and blackberries with hints of red cherries and
    cedar wood
 which are further underpinned by leather notes.&nbsp;


Principal
Products

For
the year ended June 30
 2020
 we generated revenue of approximately 95% from Fenjiu liquor wholesale and approximately 5% from imported
wine wholesale. For the year ended June 30
 2019
 we generated revenue of approximately 97% from Fenjiu liquor wholesale and approximately
3% from imported wine wholesale. We have not experienced any seasonality in our business.&nbsp;

Fenjiu
Liquor Wholesale&nbsp;and Marketer

For
our Fenjiu liquor wholesale and marketer business
 we secure our strategic partnerships with dealers based on our market survey data
market positioning data
 sales channels data
 sales capabilities data and sales potential evaluation. We further evaluate dealers according
to their geographical and administrative areas and categorize them into provincial
 municipal and county agents. We establish cooperative
relationships and strategic sales partnerships amongst dealers at different levels to further facilitate the sales of our products. We
sale our Fenjiu liquor products directly to these dealers.

For
our Fenjiu liquor wholesale and marketer business
 we pay special attention to dealers with direct business access to retail stores and
outlets. We sell our Fenjiu products with simple and bulk packaging to these dealers. The idea is to achieve larger profit margins through
removing high-end designs and packaging
 thus ensuring a relatively low price of our Fenjiu liquor products. Through this approach
 we
believe we can reach a greater number of Chinese customers who are attracted by the cost-effectiveness of our simple and bulk packaging
products. We sell our simple and bulk packaging products to our targeted dealers who then directly resell these products to local retail
stores and outlets.

Revenue
generated from our Fenjiu liquor wholesale and marketer business accounted for 95% and 97%
 respectively
 of the total revenue derived
from our general business in fiscal year 2020 and 2019.



    
    


Imported
Wine Wholesale

For
our imported wine wholesale business
 we secure our strategic partnerships with dealers based on our market survey data
 market positioning
data
 sales channels data
 sales capabilities data and sales potential evaluation. We further evaluate dealers according to their geographical
and administrative areas and categorize them into provincial
 municipal and county agents. We establish cooperative relationships and
strategic sales partnerships amongst dealers at different levels to further facilitate the sales of our products. We wholesale our imported
wines directly to these dealers.&nbsp;

Revenue
generated from our imported wine wholesale business accounted for 5% and 3%
 respectively
 of the total revenue derived from
our general business in fiscal year 2020 and 2019.&nbsp;



There
is intense competition in the Chinese liquor market. As a result
 customers face a tremendous number of choices when deciding which brand
or product to choose from.

As
of June 30
 2020
 Fenjiu Group has nearly 1
000 multi-layered distributors that often serve as Fenjiu brand co-builders. &nbsp;Although
the Fenjiu Group is now widely known as the only producer of Fenjiu throughout the market
 intense competition in the wholesale market
remains since Fenjiu liquor distributors will continue working to co-build and enhance their respective brand image alongside Fenjiu
Group to capture market shares from their competitors.&nbsp;Distributors range from mom-and-pop stores in Shanxi Province to larger companies
with years of experience in the Fenjiu liquor industry
 each competing for a fair share of the market. Competition can be even more intense
amongst the distributors within the same region.

The
Chinese wine market is also very competitive. Our competitors such as wine producers
 distributors or retailers conduct various marketing
activities and pricing strategies in an effort to keep their market shares
 which directly impact our sales
 revenues
 and profitability.
We follow the market trend closely and adjust our own advertising
 promotion
 pricing and sourcing strategies accordingly. In addition
competitors in the Chinese wine market compete against us for highly qualified marketing personnel and staff members.&nbsp;&nbsp;

In
response to the intense competition in the Chinese liquor and wine markets
 we have implemented a number of initiatives designed to expand
our revenues. Our revenue enhancement initiatives include expanding our marketing efforts
 developing new products
 and working with
start-up companies and bulk-sale customers directly to decrease our marketing costs.



PRC
Laws and Regulations on Alcohol Wholesale

Huaxin
is in the alcohol wholesale business
 including Fenjiu liquor wholesale and imported wine wholesale
 in China. Huaxin is subject to various
existing and probable governmental regulations on its alcohol wholesale business.

Huaxin
and Jinqiang are required to obtain a food operation license (the &ldquo;Food Operation License&rdquo;) pursuant to the Administrative
Measures for Food Operation Licensing which came into effect on November 17
 2017. Huaxin has obtained Food Operation License and such
license will expire on August 31
 2022. Jinqiang has obtained Food Operation License and such license will expire on December 21
 2021.
Nevertheless
 Huaxin and Jinqiang may be subject to penalties by PRC regulatory authorities if the Food Operation License is not timely
renewed after expiration.


    
    


Currently
license for liquor wholesale is no longer required in nationwide level
 but it is still required in some particular Provinces
 such as
Shanxi Province and Shanghai. In addition to Shanxi Province
 the Company also sell liquor to other Provinces
 namely Fujian
 Ningxia
Gansu
 Xinjiang
 Beijing
 Shanghai and Hebei Province. Liquor wholesale business of the Company is operated by its subsidiaries
 Huaxin
and Fenyang Jinqiang Wine Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Jinqiang&rdquo;)
 both of which were established in Shanxi Province and have obtained wholesale
licenses in Shanxi Province. According to our telephone consultation with the competent authorities in Beijing
 Shanghai
 Ningxia
 Gansu
and Hebei
 no wholesale license is required for Huaxin or Jinqiang in such Provinces since Huaxin and Jinqiang were established in Shanxi
Province and have already obtained wholesale licenses in Shanxi Province. In conclusion
 no further wholesale license is required in
other Provinces where the Company operates its business
 unless the Company newly establish operating entity in such Provinces and license
is still required for liquor wholesale business in such Provinces.&nbsp;

Regarding
the imported wine business
 pursuant to the Foreign Trade Law of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China (Revised in 2016)
 a foreign trade
operator engaged in import and export of goods shall register with competent local regulatory authorities in Shanxi Province that in
charge of foreign trades; and pursuant to the Administrative Provisions of the Customs of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China on the
Registration of Customs Declaration Entities
 consignors and consignees of imported and exported goods shall go through customs declaration
entity registration formalities with their local Customs in accordance with the applicable provisions. Huaxin has completed the registration
for a record as a foreign trade operator and has obtained Certificate of the Customs of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China on the Registration
of Customs Declaration Entities. The registration for a record as a foreign trade operator has no time limit; while the validity period
for Certificate of the Customs of the PRC on the Registration of Customs Declaration Entities is two years and such certificate can be
renewed before the expiration date. Nevertheless
 Huaxin may be subject to penalties by PRC regulatory authorities if Huaxin fails to
go through the modification formalities in the event of a change to any of its details registered with the competent governmental authorities
including its name
 nature
 domicile and legal representative.

PRC
Laws and Regulations on Environmental Protection

The
Ministry of Ecology and Environment is responsible for the uniform supervision and control of environmental protection in the PRC. It
formulates national environmental quality and discharge standards and monitors the PRC&rsquo;s environmental system. Ecology and Environment
bureaus at the county level and above are responsible for environmental protection within their areas of jurisdiction.

Pursuant
to the Law on Environmental Impact Evaluation of the PRC promulgated on October 28
 2002 and effective from September 1
 2003
 manufacturers
must prepare and file an environmental impact report setting forth the impact that the proposed construction project may have on the
environment and the measures to prevent or mitigate the impact for approval by the relevant PRC government authority prior to commencement
of construction of the relevant project.

Pursuant
to the Environmental Protection Law of the PRC
 or the Environmental Protection Law
 promulgated on and effective from December 26
 1989
the environmental protection department of the State Council is in charge of promulgating national standards for environmental protection.
The Environmental Protection Law requires any facility that produces pollutants or other hazards to incorporate environmental protection
measures in its operations and establish an environmental protection responsibility system. Any entity that discharges pollution must
obtain the Pollution Discharging License from the relevant environmental protection authority. Remedial measures for breaches of the
Environmental Protection Law include a warning
 payment of damages or imposition of a fine. Criminal liability may be imposed for a material
violation of environmental laws and regulations that causes loss of property
 personal injuries or death.

Huaxin
and its subsidiaries are not manufacturing
 assembling or processing companies
 thus are not subject to the PRC laws and regulations
on environmental protection.


    
    


PRC
Laws and Regulations on Intellectual Property Rights

Regulations
on Trademarks

The
Trademark Law of the PRC was adopted at the 24th&nbsp;meeting of the SCNPC on August&nbsp;23
 1982. Three amendments were made on February&nbsp;22
1993
 October&nbsp;27
 2001 and August&nbsp;30
 2013. The last amendment was implemented on May&nbsp;1
 2014. The Regulations on the
Implementation of the Trademark Law of the PRC were promulgated by the State Council of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China on August&nbsp;3
2002
 which took effect on September&nbsp;15
 2002. It was revised on April&nbsp;29
 2014 and became effective as of May&nbsp;1
 2014.
According to the Trademark Law and the implementing regulations
 a trademark which has been approved and registered by the trademark
office is a registered trademark
 including a trademark of goods
 services
 collective trademark and certification trademark. The trademark
registrant shall enjoy the exclusive right to use the trademark and shall be protected by law. The trademark law also specifies the scope
of registered trademarks
 procedures for registration of trademarks and the rights and obligations of trademark owners. We are currently
holding 5 registered trademarks in China and enjoy the corresponding rights.

Regulations
on Patents

Pursuant
to the Patent Law of the PRC
 or the Patent Law
 promulgated by the SCNPC on March 12
 1984
 as latest amended on December 27
 2008
and effective from October 1
 2009 and the Implementation Rules of the Patent Law of the PRC
 promulgated by the State Council on June
15
 2001 and latest amended on January 9
 2010
 there are three types of patent in the PRC: invention patent
 utility model patent and
design patent. The protection period is 20 years for invention patent and 10 years for utility model patent and design patent
 commencing
from their respective application dates. Any individual or entity that utilizes a patent or conducts any other activity in infringement
of a patent without prior authorization of the patentee shall pay compensation to the patentee and is subject to a fine imposed by relevant
administrative authorities and
 if constituting a crime
 shall be held criminally liable in accordance with the law. In the event that
a patent is owned by two or more co-owners without an agreement regarding the distribution of revenue generated from the exploitation
of any co-owner of the patent
 such revenue shall be distributed among all the co-owners.

Existing
patents can become narrowed
 invalid or unenforceable due to a variety of grounds
 including lack of novelty
 creativity
 and deficiencies
in patent application. In China
 a patent must have novelty
 creativity and practical applicability. Under the Patent Law
 novelty means
that before a patent application is filed
 no identical invention or utility model has been publicly disclosed in any publication in
China or overseas or has been publicly used or made known to the public by any other means
 whether in or outside of China
 nor has any
other person filed with the patent authority an application that describes an identical invention or utility model and is recorded in
patent application documents or patent documents published after the filing date. Creativity means that
 compared with existing technology
an invention has prominent substantial features and represents notable progress
 and a utility model has substantial features and represents
any progress. Practical applicability means an invention or utility model can be manufactured or used and may produce positive results.
Patents in China are filed with the State Intellectual Property Office
 or SIPO. Normally
 the SIPO publishes an application for an invention
patent within 18 months after the filing date
 which may be shortened at the request of applicant. The applicant must apply to the SIPO
for a substantive examination within 3 years from the date of application.

As
of the date of this annual report on Form 10-K
 we had obtained two patents for liquor-making devices that can change proofs of various
liquors
 both of which were registered in 2015. Our issued PRC patents will expire in 2025.

Regulations
on Domain Names

The
Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the PRC
 or the MIIT
 promulgated the&nbsp;Measures on Administration of Internet
Domain Names
 or the Domain Name Measures
 on August&nbsp;24
 2017
 which took effect on November&nbsp;1
 2017 and replaced the&nbsp;Administrative
Measures on China Internet Domain Name promulgated by the MIIT on November&nbsp;5
 2004. According to the Domain Name Measures
 the MIIT
is in charge of the administration of PRC internet domain names. The domain name registration follows a first-to-file principle. Applicants
for registration of domain names shall provide true
 accurate and complete information of their identities to domain name registration
service institutions. The applicant will become the holder of such domain names upon completion of the registration procedure.

As
of the date of this annual report on Form 10-K
 we do not have any domain name used for providing non-commercial internet-based information
services.


    
    


PRC
Laws and Regulations on Foreign Exchange

General
Administration of Foreign Exchange

The
principal regulation governing foreign currency exchange in the PRC is the&nbsp;Administrative Regulations of the PRC on Foreign Exchange&nbsp;(the
&ldquo;Foreign Exchange Regulations&rdquo;)
 which were promulgated on January&nbsp;29
 1996
 became effective on April&nbsp;1
 1996
and were last amended on August&nbsp;5
 2008. Under these rules
 Renminbi is generally freely convertible for payments of current account
items
 such as trade- and service-related foreign exchange transactions and dividend payments
 but not freely convertible for capital
account items
 such as capital transfer
 direct investment
 investment in securities
 derivative products or loans unless prior approval
by competent authorities for the administration of foreign exchange is obtained. Under the Foreign Exchange Regulations
 foreign-invested
enterprises in the PRC may purchase foreign exchange without the approval of SAFE to pay dividends by providing certain evidentiary documents
including board resolutions
 tax certificates
 or for trade- and services-related foreign exchange transactions
 by providing commercial
documents evidencing such transactions.

Circular
No. 37 and Circular No. 13

Circular
37 was released by SAFE on July&nbsp;4
 2014 and abolished Circular 75 which had been in effect since November&nbsp;1
 2005. Pursuant
to Circular 37
 a PRC resident should apply to SAFE for foreign exchange registration of overseas investments before it makes any capital
contribution to a special purpose vehicle
 or SPV
 using his or her legitimate domestic or offshore assets or interests. SPVs are offshore
enterprises directly established or indirectly controlled by domestic residents for the purpose of investment and financing by utilizing
domestic or offshore assets or interests they legally hold. Following any significant change in a registered offshore SPV
 such as capital
increase
 reduction
 equity transfer or swap
 consolidation or division involving domestic resident individuals
 the domestic individuals
shall amend the registration with SAFE. Where an SPV intends to repatriate funds raised after completion of offshore financing to the
PRC
 it shall&nbsp;comply with relevant PRC regulations on foreign investment and foreign debt management. A foreign-invested enterprise
established through return investment shall complete relevant foreign exchange registration formalities in accordance with the prevailing
foreign exchange administration regulations on foreign direct investment and truthfully disclose information on the actual controller
of its shareholders.

If
any shareholder who is a PRC resident (as determined by the Circular No. 37) holds any interest in an offshore SPV and fails to fulfil
the required foreign exchange registration with the local SAFE branches
 the PRC subsidiaries of that offshore SPV may be prohibited
from distributing their profits and dividends to their offshore parent company or from carrying out other subsequent cross-border foreign
exchange activities. The offshore SPV may also be restricted in its ability to contribute additional capital to its PRC subsidiaries.
Where a domestic resident fails to complete relevant foreign exchange registration as required
 fails to truthfully disclose information
on the actual controller of the enterprise involved in the return investment or otherwise makes false statements
 the foreign exchange
control authority may order them to take remedial actions
 issue a warning
 and impose a fine of less than RMB 300
000 on an institution
or less than RMB 50
000 on an individual.

Circular
13 was issued by SAFE on February&nbsp;13
 2015
 and became effective on June&nbsp;1
 2015. Pursuant to Circular 13
 a domestic resident
who makes a capital contribution to an SPV using his or her legitimate domestic or offshore assets or interests is no longer required
to apply to SAFE for foreign exchange registration of his or her overseas investments. Instead
 he or she shall register with a bank
in the place where the assets or interests of the domestic enterprise in which he or she has interests are located if the domestic resident
individually seeks to make a capital contribution to the SPV using his or her legitimate domestic assets or interests; or he or she shall
register with a local bank at his or her permanent residence if the domestic resident individually seeks to make a capital contribution
to the SPV using his or her legitimate offshore assets or interests.

As
of the date of this annual report on Form 10-K
 all of our beneficial shareholders have completed registrations in accordance with Circular
37.

Circular
19 and Circular 16

Circular
19 was promulgated by SAFE on March&nbsp;30
 2015
 and became effective on June&nbsp;1
 2015. According to Circular 19
 the foreign exchange
capital in the capital account of foreign-invested enterprises
 meaning the monetary contribution confirmed by the foreign exchange authorities
or the monetary contribution registered for account entry through banks
 shall be granted the benefits of Discretional Foreign Exchange
Settlement (&ldquo;Discretional Foreign Exchange Settlement&rdquo;). With Discretional Foreign Exchange Settlement
 foreign capital in
the capital account of a foreign-invested enterprise for which the rights and interests of monetary contribution have been confirmed
by the local foreign exchange bureau
 or for which book-entry registration of monetary contribution has been completed by the bank
 can
be settled at the bank based on the actual operational needs of the foreign-invested enterprise. The allowed Discretional Foreign Exchange
Settlement&nbsp;percentage of the foreign capital of a foreign-invested enterprise has been temporarily set to be 100%. The Renminbi
converted from the foreign capital will be kept in a designated account and if a foreign-invested enterprise needs to make any further
payment from such account
 it will still need to provide supporting documents and to complete the review process with its bank.

Furthermore
Circular 19 stipulates that foreign-invested enterprises shall make bona fide use of their capital for their own needs within their business
scopes. The capital of a foreign-invested enterprise and the Renminbi it obtained from foreign exchange settlement shall not be used
for the following purposes:


directly
or indirectly used for expenses beyond its business scope or prohibited by relevant laws or regulations;



directly
or indirectly used for investment in securities unless otherwise provided by relevant laws or regulations;



directly
or indirectly used for entrusted loan in Renminbi (unless within its permitted scope of business)
 repayment of inter-company loans (including
advances by a third party) or repayment of bank loans in Renminbi that have been sub-lent to a third party; or



directly
or indirectly used for expenses related to the purchase of real estate that is not for self-use (except for foreign-invested real estate
enterprises).




    
    


Circular
16 was issued by SAFE on June&nbsp;9
 2016. Pursuant to Circular 16
 enterprises registered in the PRC may also convert their foreign
debts from foreign currency to Renminbi on a self-discretionary basis. Circular 16 provides an integrated standard for conversion of
foreign exchange capital items (including but not limited to foreign currency capital and foreign debts) on a self-discretionary basis
applicable to all enterprises registered in the PRC. Circular 16 reiterates the principle that an enterprise&rsquo;s Renminbi capital
converted from foreign currency-denominated capital may not be directly or indirectly used for purposes beyond its business scope or
purposes prohibited by PRC laws or regulations
 and such converted Renminbi capital shall not be provided as loans to non-affiliated
entities.

Our
PRC subsidiaries' distributions to their offshore parents are required to comply with the requirements as described above.

PRC
Laws and Regulations on Taxation

Enterprise
Income Tax

The&nbsp;Enterprise
Income Tax Law of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China&nbsp;(the &ldquo;EIT Law&rdquo;) was promulgated by the Standing Committee of
the National People&rsquo;s Congress on March&nbsp;16
 2007 and became effective on January&nbsp;1
 2008
 and was later amended on February&nbsp;24
2017. The&nbsp;Implementation Rules of the EIT Law&nbsp;(the &ldquo;Implementation Rules&rdquo;) were promulgated by the State Council
on December&nbsp;6
 2007 and became effective on January&nbsp;1
 2008. According to the EIT Law and the Implementation Rules
 enterprises
are divided into resident enterprises and non-resident enterprises. Resident enterprises shall pay enterprise income tax on their incomes
obtained in and outside the PRC at the rate of 25%. Non-resident enterprises setting up institutions in the PRC shall pay enterprise
income tax on the incomes obtained by such institutions in and outside the PRC at the rate of 25%. Non-resident enterprises with no institutions
in the PRC
 and non-resident enterprises whose incomes having no substantial connection with their institutions in the PRC
 shall pay
enterprise income tax on their incomes obtained in the PRC at a reduced rate of 10%.

The&nbsp;Arrangement
between the PRC and Hong Kong Special Administrative Region for the Avoidance of Double Taxation the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with
respect to Taxes on Income&nbsp;(the &ldquo;Arrangement&rdquo;) was promulgated by the State Administration of Taxation (&ldquo;SAT&rdquo;)
on August&nbsp;21
 2006 and came into effect on December&nbsp;8
 2006. According to the Arrangement
 a company incorporated in Hong Kong
will be subject to withholding tax at the lower rate of 5% on dividends it receives from a company incorporated in the PRC if it holds
a 25% interest or more in the PRC company. The&nbsp;Notice on the Understanding and Identification of the Beneficial Owners in the Tax
Treaty&nbsp;(the &ldquo;Notice&rdquo;) was promulgated by SAT and became effective on October&nbsp;27
 2009. According to the Notice
a beneficial ownership analysis will be used based on a substance-over-form principle to determine whether or not to grant tax treaty
benefits.

In
April&nbsp;2009
 the Ministry of Finance
 or MOF
 and SAT jointly issued the Notice on Issues Concerning Process of Enterprise Income
Tax in Enterprise Restructuring Business
 or Circular&nbsp;59. In December&nbsp;2009
 SAT issued the Notice on Strengthening Administration
of Enterprise Income Tax for Share Transfers by Non-PRC Resident Enterprises
 or Circular&nbsp;698. Both Circular&nbsp;59 and Circular&nbsp;698
became effective retroactively as of January&nbsp;2008. In February&nbsp;2011
 SAT issued the Notice on Several Issues Regarding the
Income Tax of Non-PRC Resident Enterprises
 or SAT Circular&nbsp;24
 effective April&nbsp;2011. By promulgating and implementing these
circulars
 the PRC tax authorities have enhanced their scrutiny over the direct or indirect transfer of equity interests in a PRC resident
enterprise by a non-resident enterprise.

Under
Circular 698
 where a non-resident enterprise conducts an &ldquo;indirect transfer&rdquo; by transferring the equity interests of a PRC
&ldquo;resident enterprise&rdquo; indirectly by disposing of the equity interests of an overseas holding company
 the non-resident enterprise
being the transferor
 may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax
 if the indirect transfer is considered to be an abusive use of company
structure without reasonable commercial purposes. As a result
 gains derived from such indirect transfer may be subject to PRC tax at
a rate of up to 10%. Circular 698 also provides that
 where a non-PRC resident enterprise transfers its equity interests in a PRC resident
enterprise to its related parties at a price lower than the fair market value
 the relevant tax authority has the power to make a reasonable
adjustment to the taxable income of the transaction.

In
February 2015
 the SAT issued Circular 7 to replace the rules relating to indirect transfers in Circular 698. Circular 7 has introduced
a new tax regime that is significantly different from that under Circular 698. Circular 7 extends its tax jurisdiction to not only indirect
transfers set forth under Circular 698 but also transactions involving transfer of other taxable assets
 through the offshore transfer
of a foreign intermediate holding company. In addition
 Circular 7 provides clearer criteria than Circular 698 on how to assess reasonable
commercial purposes and has introduced safe harbors for internal group restructurings and the purchase and sale of equity through a public
securities market. Circular 7 also brings challenges to both the foreign transferor and transferee (or other person who is obligated
to pay for the transfer) of the taxable assets. Where a non-resident enterprise conducts an &ldquo;indirect transfer&rdquo; by transferring
the taxable assets indirectly by disposing of the equity interests of an overseas holding company
 the non-resident enterprise being
the transferor
 or the transferee
 or the PRC entity which directly owned the taxable assets may report to the relevant tax authority
such indirect transfer. Using a &ldquo;substance over form&rdquo; principle
 the PRC tax authority may disregard the existence of the
overseas holding company if it lacks a reasonable commercial purpose and was established for the purpose of reducing
 avoiding or deferring
PRC tax. As a result
 gains derived from such indirect transfer may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax
 and the transferee or other
person who is obligated to pay for the transfer is obligated to withhold the applicable taxes
 currently at a rate of 10% for the transfer
of equity interests in a PRC resident enterprise.

On
October&nbsp;17
 2017
 the SAT issued a Notice Concerning Withholding Income Tax of Non-Resident Enterprise
 or SAT Notice No.&nbsp;37
which abolishes Circular&nbsp;698 and&nbsp;certain provisions of Circular 7. SAT Notice No.&nbsp;37 reduces the burden of the withholding
obligator
 such as revocation of contract filing requirements and tax liquidation procedures
 strengthens the cooperation of tax authorities
in different places
 and clarifies the calculation of tax payable and mechanism of foreign exchange.


    
    


Value-added
Tax

Pursuant
to the Provisional Regulations on Value-added Tax of the PRC
 or the VAT Regulations
 which were promulgated by the State Council on
December 13
 1993
 took effect on January 1
 1994
 and were amended on November 10
 2008
 February 6
 2016
 and November 19
 2017
 respectively
and the Rules for the Implementation of the Provisional Regulations on Value-added Tax of the PRC
 which were promulgated by the MOF
on December 25
 1993
 and were amended on December 15
 2008
 and October 28
 2011
 respectively
 entities and individuals that sell goods
or labor services of processing
 repair or replacement
 sell services
 intangible assets
 or immovables
 or import goods within the territory
of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China are taxpayers of value-added tax.&nbsp;The VAT rate is 17% for taxpayers selling goods
 labor
services
 or tangible movable property leasing services or importing goods
 except otherwise specified; 11% for taxpayers selling services
of transportation
 postal
 basic telecommunications
 construction and lease of immovable
 selling immovable
 transferring land use rights
selling and importing other specified goods including fertilizers; 6% for taxpayers selling services or intangible assets.

According
to the Notice on the Adjustment to the Value-added Tax Rates issued by the SAT and the MOF on April 4
 2018
 where taxpayers make VAT
taxable sales or import goods
 the applicable tax rates shall be adjusted from 17% to 16% and from 11% to 10%
 respectively. Subsequently
the Notice on Policies for Deepening Reform of Value-added Tax was issued by the SAT
 the MOF and the General Administration of Customs
on March 30
 2019 and took effective on April 1
 2019
 which further adjusted the applicable tax rate for taxpayers making VAT taxable
sales or importing goods. The applicable tax rates shall be adjusted from 16% to 13% and from 10% to 9%
 respectively.

Dividend
Withholding Tax

The
Enterprise Income Tax Law provides that since January&nbsp;1
 2008
 an income tax rate of 10% will normally be applicable to dividends
declared to non-PRC resident investors that do not have an establishment or place of business in the PRC
 or that have such establishment
or place of business but the relevant income is not effectively connected with the establishment or place of business
 to the extent
such dividends are derived from sources within the PRC.

PRC
Laws and Regulations on Employment and Social Welfare

Labor
Law of the PRC

Pursuant
to the Labor Law of the PRC
 which was promulgated by the Standing Committee of the NPC on July&nbsp;5
 1994 with an effective date of
January&nbsp;1
 1995 and was last amended on August&nbsp;27
 2009 and the Labor Contract Law of the PRC
 which was promulgated on June&nbsp;29
2007
 became effective on January&nbsp;1
 2008 and was last amended on December&nbsp;28
 2012
 with the amendments coming into effect
on July 1
 2013
 enterprises and institutions shall ensure the safety and hygiene of a workplace
 strictly comply with applicable rules
and standards on workplace safety and hygiene in China
 and educate employees on such rules and standards. Furthermore
 employers and
employees shall enter into written employment contracts to establish their employment relationships. Employers are required to inform
their employees about their job responsibilities
 working conditions
 occupational hazards
 remuneration and other matters with which
the employees may be concerned. Employers shall pay remuneration to employees on time and in full accordance with the commitments set
forth in their employment contracts and with the relevant PRC laws and regulations. Huaxin and its subsidiary company have entered into
written employment contracts with all the employees and performed their obligations under the relevant PRC laws and regulations.

Social
Insurance and Housing Fund

Pursuant
to the&nbsp;Social Insurance Law of the PRC
 which was promulgated by the Standing Committee of the NPC on October&nbsp;28
 2010 and
became effective on July&nbsp;1
 2011
 employers in the PRC shall provide their employees with welfare schemes covering basic pension
insurance
 basic medical insurance
 unemployment insurance
 maternity insurance
 and occupational injury insurance. Huaxin has not deposited
the social insurance fees in full for all the employees in compliance with the relevant regulations. Huaxin may be ordered by the social
security premium collection agency to make or supplement contributions within a stipulated period
 and shall be subject to a late payment
fine computed from the due date at the rate of 0.05% per day; where payment is not made within the stipulated period
 the relevant administrative
authorities shall impose a fine ranging from one to three times the amount of the amount in arrears. Huaxin&rsquo;s subsidiaries have
deposited the social insurance fees as required by relevant regulations.


    
    


In
accordance with the&nbsp;Regulations on Management of Housing Provident Fund
 which were promulgated by the State Council on April&nbsp;3
1999 and last amended on March&nbsp;24
 2002
 employers must register at the designated administrative centers and open bank accounts
for depositing employees&rsquo; housing funds. Employers and employees are also required to pay and deposit housing funds
 with an amount
no less than 5% of the monthly average salary of the employee in the preceding year in full and on time. Huaxin and its subsidiaries
have not registered at the designated administrative centers and opened bank accounts for depositing employees&rsquo; housing funds.
They also have not deposited employees&rsquo; housing funds. Huaxin and its subsidiaries may be ordered by the housing provident fund
management center to complete the registration formalities
 open bank accounts
 make the payment and deposit within a prescribed time
limit. Failing to register or open bank accounts at the expiration of the time limit could result in fines of not less than 10
000 yuan
nor more than 50
000 yuan. And an application may be made to a people&rsquo;s court for compulsory enforcement if payment and deposit
has not been made after the expiration of the time limit.



Most
of our customers are downstream distributors. We rely upon several of our large customers from whom we generated substantial revenue
each year
 and the composition of our largest customers has changed from year to year. For the year ended June 30
 2020
 five of our
customers accounted for 17%
 16%
 13%
 11% and 11% of Huaxin&rsquo;s revenue
 respectively. For the year ended June 30
 2019
 five
of our customers accounted for 13%
 12%
 12%
 11% and 10% of Huaxin&rsquo;s revenue
 respectively. Huaxin currently engages its major
customers with purchase agreements negotiated on an arm&rsquo;s length basis. These purchase agreements customarily cover a one-year
period and contain material subsections such as targeted customers&rsquo; selling goals
 representation and warranties of the customers
rights and responsibility of the customers
 pricing adjustment
 logistics and shipping
 payment methods
 downstream management and dispute
resolutions. 



We
primarily rely upon a few main suppliers from whom we purchase materials each year. For the year ended June 30
 2020
 three of our suppliers
accounted for 46.2%
 26.6%
 and 24.2% of our total supply purchases. For the year ended June 30
 2019
 three of our suppliers accounted
for 52%
 21%
 and 13% of our total supply purchases. All supplier contracts with large suppliers were entered from year to year on an
arm&rsquo;s length basis.

In
general
 we enter into procurement agreements in the ordinary course of business with our suppliers
 pursuant to a form of supply
order typically on a &ldquo;deal by deal&rdquo; basis. However
 we have a strategic partnership with Fenjiu Group. We entered into a
partnership agreement with Fenjiu Group on June 30
 2020
 pursuant to which Fenjiu Group has agreed to supply us with
RMB15&nbsp;million worth of Fenjiu liquor during a three-year period from June 30
 2020 to June 29
 2023. We agreed to buy RMB15&nbsp;million worth of Fenjiu liquor using our best effort pursuant to this strategic partnership agreement. If the contract is renewed
the two parties must agree on the terms of contract cooperation for the next year before June 29 of each year and sign a cooperation
contract for the next year. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

Intellectual
Property

Protection
of our intellectual property is a strategic priority for our business. We rely on a combination of patent
 copyright
 trademark and trade
secret laws
 as well as confidentiality agreements
 to establish and protect our proprietary rights. We do not rely on third-party licenses
of intellectual property for use in our business.


    
    


As
of the date of this annual report on Form 10-K
 we had obtained two patents for liquor-making devices that can change proofs of various
liquors
 both of which were registered in 2015. Our issued PRC patents will expire in 2025. As of the date of this annual report on Form
10-K
 we had registered 10 trademarks and had submitted 11 additional trademark applications. Our registered PRC trademarks will expire
between 2024 and 2028 but can be renewed before the trademarks&rsquo; respective expiration date. As of the date of this annual report
on Form 10-K
 we do not have any registered domain names.

In
addition to the foregoing protections
 we generally control access to and use of our proprietary and other confidential information through
the use of internal and external controls
 such as the use of confidentiality agreement with our employees.



As
of the date of this annual report on Form 10-K
 we had 57 employees &nbsp;&nbsp;throughout our operations in 4 offices and 3 warehouses.
None of our employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We have not experienced any work stoppages. The following table
sets forth the number of our employees by function as of the same date:



    
    
Employees

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


As
of July 30
 2021
 our employees were located in the United States
 Hong Kong
 Fuqing city of Fujian Province and Fenyang City of Shanxi
Province
 China.

As
required by PRC laws and regulations
 we participate in various employee social security plans that are organized by municipal and provincial
governments
 including housing
 pension
 medical insurance and unemployment insurance programs. We are required under Chinese law to
make contributions to employee benefit plans at specified percentages of the salaries
 bonuses and certain allowances of our employees
up to a maximum amount specified by the local government from time to time.

We
believe that we maintain a good working relationship with our employees
 and we have not experienced any labor disputes.


    
    


WHERE
YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

The
registrant is subject to the requirements of the Exchange Act
 and files reports
 proxy statements and other information with the SEC.
You may read and copy these reports
 proxy statements and other information at the public reference room maintained by the SEC at its
Public Reference Room
 located at 100 F Street
 N.E. Washington
 D.C. 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the public
reference room by calling the SEC at (800) SEC-0330. In addition
 we are required to file electronic versions of those materials with
the SEC through the SEC&rsquo;s EDGAR system. The SEC also maintains a website at http://www.sec.gov
 which contains reports
 proxy statements
and other information regarding registrants that file electronically with the SEC.

ITEM
1A. &nbsp;RISK FACTORS

Risks
Related to Our Business

Our
Company is heavily dependent on its strategic partnership with Fenjiu Group
 which is the sole producer of Chinese Fenjiu liquor in China.
Any disruptions in our relationship with Fenjiu Group may have an adverse effect on our profitability and operating results.

Our
business model focuses on the sale and distribution of Chinese Fenjiu liquor. Revenue generated from our Fenjiu liquor wholesale and
marketer business accounted for 95% and 93%
 respectively
 of the total revenue derived from our general business in fiscal year 2020
and 2019. We rely on Fenjiu Group to provide and deliver our Fenjiu product inventory on a continuous basis. We could
suffer significant losses in the event of the loss of our strategic partnership with Fenjiu Group due to our inability to renew our partnership
agreement
 disruption of Fenjiu Group&rsquo;s distribution network
 damage to Fenjiu Group&rsquo;s reputation or other occurrences that
are beyond our control.&nbsp;

Any
harm to the reputation of our Fenjiu liquor producer
 Fenjiu Group
 may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations.

The
success of our business depends heavily upon the reputation of Fenjiu Group since a large majority of our revenue comes from our Fenjiu
liquor wholesale and marketer business. We believe that the recognition and reputation of Fenjiu Group among our customers
 distributors
and dealers have contributed significantly to the growth and success of our business. Maintaining and enhancing the recognition and reputation
of Fenjiu Group are critical to our business and market position. Any harm to the reputation of Fenjiu Group may materially and adversely
affect our business and results of operations.

We
face intense competition
 and if we fail to compete effectively
 we may lose market share and customers.

The
Chinese alcohol distribution and retail markets that we are in are highly competitive. We face competition from long-established traditional
Chinese alcohol distributors and retailers as well as new companies which rely on modern technology such as E-commerce platforms. China&rsquo;s
alcohol industry is growing and changing rapidly. Our current or future competitors may have longer operating histories
 greater brand
recognition
 better supplier relationships
 larger customer bases
 more cost-effective fulfillment capabilities or greater financial
technical or marketing resources than we do. Competitors may leverage their brand recognition
 experience and resources to compete with
us in a variety of ways
 including investing more heavily in research and development and making acquisitions for the expansion of their
products and services. Some of our competitors may be able to secure more favorable terms from suppliers
 devote greater resources to
marketing and promotional campaigns
 adopt more aggressive pricing or inventory policies and devote substantially more resources to their
website and system development than us. Increased competition may reduce our profitability
 market share
 customer base and brand recognition.
There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against current or future competitors
 and such competitive pressures
may have a material and adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.


    
    


Our
limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our business and prospects.

We
commenced our Fenjiu liquor distribution business in 2014 and our imported wine distribution business in October 2016. Thus
 we have
a limited operating history. Since our inception
 we have experienced consistent growth in our business. Our total net revenues decreased
by 19% from RMB 104
270
083 in 2019 to RMB 85
575
034 in 2020. And our total net revenues increased by 2.5% from RMB 101
759
660 in 2018
to RMB 104
270
083 in 2019. &nbsp;&nbsp;However
 our historical growth rate may not be indicative of our future performance. We cannot
assure you that we will be able to achieve similar results or grow at the same rate as we did in the past. Growth may slow and net revenues
or net income may decline for a number of possible reasons
 some of which are beyond our control
 including decreasing consumer spending
increasing competition
 slowing growth of our overall market
 fulfillment bottlenecks
 emergence of alternative business models
 changes
in government policies or general economic conditions. It is difficult to evaluate our prospects
 as we may not have sufficient experience
in addressing the risks to which companies operating in rapidly evolving markets may be exposed. You should consider our prospects in
light of the risks and uncertainties that fast-growing companies with a limited operating history may encounter.

If
we are unable to manage our growth or execute our strategies effectively
 our business and prospects may be materially and adversely
affected.

Business
expansion has placed
 and continues to place
 significant strain on our management and resources. To accommodate our growth
 we anticipate
that we will need to implement a variety of new and upgraded operational management systems
 procedures and controls
 including the improvement
of our accounting and other internal management systems. We will also need to continue to expand
 train
 manage and motivate our workforce
and manage our relationships with our distributors
 dealers and supplier. As we selectively increase our product and service offerings
we will need to work with different groups of new distributors
 dealers and other suppliers efficiently and establish and maintain mutually
beneficial relationships with our existing distributors
 dealers and supplier. All of these endeavors involve risks
 and will require
substantial management effort and significant additional expenditures. We cannot assure you that we will be able to manage our growth
or execute our strategies effectively
 and any failure to do so may have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects.

Our
future expansion into new product categories may expose us to new challenges and more risks.

Since
our inception
 we primarily focused on the Chinese Fenjiu liquor market. In addition
 we have started imported wine distribution in October
2016. &nbsp;We plan to expand the product offerings to include selected categories of other alcohol products such as Luzhou-flavor liquor
and Maotai-flavor liquor. Expansion into new product categories involve new risks and challenges. Our lack of relevant customer data
relating to these products may make it more difficult for us to keep pace with the evolving customer demands and preferences.

We
have limited experience and operating history in our future product categories and related marketplace services such as sample tasting
and custom bottle making
 which makes predicting our future results of operations more difficult than it otherwise would be. Therefore
our past results of operations should not be taken as indicative of our future performance. If we cannot successfully address new challenges
and compete effectively
 we may not be able to recover costs of our investments and eventually achieve profitability
 and our future
results of operations and growth prospects may be materially and adversely affected.

If
counterfeit products are sold under our brand names and trademarks
 our reputation and financial results could be materially and adversely
affected.

Third-party
merchants and dealers are separately responsible for sourcing counterfeit products that are sold under our brand names and trademarks.
Although we have adopted measures to help consumers verify the authenticity of products sold on the general Chinese market and to remove
any counterfeit products found by us
 these measures may not always be successful. Counterfeit products may be defective or inferior
in quality as compared to authentic products and may pose safety and health risks to our customers. If our customers are injured by counterfeit
products sold under our brand names and trademarks
 we may be subject to lawsuits
 severe administrative penalties and criminal liability.
We believe our brand and reputation are extremely important to our success and our competitive position. The discovery of counterfeit
products sold under our brand names and trademarks may severally damage our reputation and cause customers to refrain from making future
purchases from us
 which would materially and adversely affect our business operations and financial results.


    
    


If
we are unable to offer premium products and services at attractive prices to meet customer needs and preferences
 our business
 financial
condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.

Our
future growth depends on our ability to continue attracting new customers and increasing the spending level of our existing customers.
Constantly changing consumer preferences have affected and will continue to affect the general Chinese alcohol market. We must stay abreast
of emerging lifestyle and consumer preferences and anticipate product and services trends that will appeal to existing and potential
customers. Our customers choose to purchase quality products or services from us due in part to the attractive prices and premium services
that we offer
 and they may choose to shop elsewhere if we cannot match the prices
 products or services offered by our competitors.
If our customers cannot find their desired products or services within our portfolio
 they may lose interest in us and stop buying our
products or using our services
 which in turn may materially and adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

We
rely on the Fenjiu liquor product marketing and distribution for a substantial portion of our net revenues.

Since
our inception
 we have been relying on Fenjiu liquor product marketing and distribution for a substantial portion of our net revenues.
We expect that this business segment to continue representing a substantial portion of our total net revenues in the near future. We
have increased our offerings to include other product categories in 2017
 mainly through the imported wine marketing and distribution;
we also have plan to expand our product offerings in the future to include other popular Chinese liquors such as Luzhou-flavor liquor
and Maotai-flavor liquor. However
 our sales of these new products may not increase to a level that would substantially reduce our dependence
on Fenjiu liquor product marketing and distribution business. Any event that results in a reduction in our branded Fenjiu liquor products
or short-term lodging and hospitality services could materially and adversely affect our ability to maintain or increase our current
level of net revenue and business prospects.

If
we fail to manage and expand our relationships with distributors
 dealers or suppliers
 or otherwise fail to source products or services
at favorable terms
 our business and growth prospects may suffer.

We
worked with approximately 102 distributors and they have over 1
000 sale points over China in 2020 and 2019. In 2020
 our major suppliers
are 5 in Fenjiu liquor and 2 for imported wines. In 2019
 our major suppliers are 6 in Fenjiu liquor and 2 for
imported wines. Maintaining strong relationships with these distributors
 dealers and suppliers is important to the growth of our business.

In
particular
 we depend significantly on our ability to attract reputable liquor and wine suppliers to offer their products or services
on commercially attractive terms and to procure products from suppliers on favorable pricing terms. However
 some of our agreements for
imported wines do not ensure the long-term availability of products or the continuation of particular pricing practices or payment terms
beyond the end of the contractual terms. Even if we maintain good relationships with our distributors
 dealers and suppliers
 they may
be unable to remain in business due to economic conditions
 labor actions
 regulatory or legal decisions
 natural disasters or other
causes. In the event that we are not able to source products or services at favorable prices
 our net revenues and gross profit as a
percentage of net revenues may be materially and adversely affected.

In
addition
 if our suppliers cease to provide us with favorable payment terms
 our requirements for working capital may increase and our
operations may be materially and adversely affected. We will also need to develop relationships with new suppliers to ensure that we
have access to a steady supply of products on favorable commercial terms or to offer sufficient products and services at acceptable prices
sought by our customers. Any negative developments in our relationships with distributors
 dealers and suppliers could materially and
adversely affect our business and growth prospects. If we fail to attract new distributors or dealers to sell our products
 or new suppliers
to sell their products to us due to any reason
 our business and growth prospects may be materially and adversely affected.

If
we fail to manage our inventory effectively
 our results of operations
 financial condition and liquidity may be materially and adversely
affected.

Our
business requires us to manage a large volume of inventory effectively. We depend on our forecasts of demand for and popularity of our
products to make purchase decisions and to manage our inventory. Demand for products
 however
 can change significantly between the time
inventory or components are ordered and the date of sale. Demand may be affected by seasonality
 new product launches
 rapid changes
in product cycles and pricing
 product defects
 changes in consumer spending patterns
 changes in consumer tastes with respect to our
products and other factors
 and our customers may not order products in the quantities that we expect. It may be difficult to accurately
forecast demand
 and determine appropriate product or component.

If
we fail to manage our inventory effectively or negotiate favorable credit terms with suppliers
 we may be subject to a decline in inventory
values
 and significant inventory write-downs or write-offs. In addition
 if we are required to lower sale prices in order to reduce
inventory level or to pay higher prices to our suppliers in order to secure the right to return products to our suppliers
 our profit
margins might be negatively affected. Any of the above may materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.



    
    


We
face risks related to natural disasters
 extreme weather conditions
 health epidemics and other catastrophic incidents
 which could significantly
disrupt our operations.

In
the past
 China has experienced significant natural disasters
 including earthquakes
 extreme weather conditions
 as well as health scares
related to epidemics
 and any similar event could materially impact our business in the future. If a disaster or other disruption were
to occur in the future that affects the regions where we operate our business
 our operations could be materially and adversely affected
due to loss of personnel
 damages to our manufacturing facilities and volatile Chinese markets. Even if we are not directly affected
such a disaster or disruption could affect the operations or financial condition of our ecosystem participants such as suppliers and
distributors
 which could harm our results of operations.

In
general
 our business could be affected by public health epidemics. If any of our employees or staff members who operates packaging facilities
or conduct brand designing activities is suspected of having contracted a contagious disease
 we may be required to apply quarantines
to our facilities or suspend our manufacturing operations entirely. Furthermore
 any future outbreak may restrict economic activities
in affected regions and beyond
 resulting in reduced business volume
 temporary closure of our factories or other disruptions of our
business operations and adversely affect our results of operations.

The
outbreak
 and threat or perceived threat of outbreak
 of COVID-19 has negatively impacted our operations
 which could adversely affect
our business
 results of operations and financial condition

The
outbreak of COVID-19
 first in mainland China
 then in Asia and eventually throughout the world
 has adversely affected
 and may continue
adversely affecting our business
 results of operations and financial condition. The outbreak of the novel coronavirus
 commonly referred
to as &ldquo;COVID-19&rdquo;
 has significantly affected business and manufacturing activities within China
 including travel restrictions
widespread mandatory quarantines
 and suspension of business activities within China. These measures have caused severe business disruptions
to our customers and suppliers
 and have also led to postponement of payment from these parties. In addition
 travel within China and
to and from other countries
 particularly the U.S.
 has been or may be restricted
 which has impacted or inhibited our import and export
products. The foregoing may adversely affect our business
 results of operations and financial condition. We anticipate that this effect
is likely to continue in 2021.

More
specifically
 the COVID-19 outbreak has negatively impacted our businesses in the following ways:


Consumers&rsquo;
spending may be reduced in that way affecting demand for our goods;



Social
distancing restrictions may limit the opportunity for our consumers to buy our goods; and



If
our staffs are incapable to work
 including illness or travel restrictions in connection with COVID-19
 our operations may have negatively
impacted.


Our
capacity to commercialize our goods is critical to our accomplishment. Damage or disruption to our business
 including third-party manufacturing
or transportation and distribution capabilities
 due to the COVID-19 pandemic and related aspects or other reasons beyond our control
or the control of our suppliers and business partners
 could impair our operations.

The
management monitoring the COVID-19 pandemic and its potential impact on our operations. The management takes appropriate actions in accordance
with the recommendations and requirements of relevant authorities. We are assessing our business operations and the total impact COVID-19&nbsp;may
have on our results and financial condition
 but there can be no assurance that this analysis will enable us to avoid part or all of
any impact from the spread of COVID-19&nbsp;or its consequences
 including downturns in business sentiment consequences
 including downturns
in business sentiment generally.&nbsp;

Our
business depends on the continued efforts of our management. If we lose their services or they are unable to work together effectively
or efficiently
 our business may be severely disrupted.

Our
business operations depend on the continued services of our senior management
 particularly the executive officers named in this annual
report on Form 10-K. The management team of Huaxin has been working together since the inception of Huaxin. If they cannot work together
effectively or efficiently
 our business may be severely disrupted. If one or more of our executive officers were unable or unwilling
to continue in their present positions
 we might not be able to replace them easily or at all. Our business
 financial condition and
results of operations may be materially and adversely affected
 and we may incur additional expenses to recruit
 train and retain personnel.
If any of our executive officers joins a competitor or forms a competing business
 we may lose customers
 suppliers
 know-how and key
professionals and staff members. Our executive officers have entered into employment agreements and confidentiality and non-competition
agreements with us. However
 if any dispute arises between our officers and us
 we may have to incur substantial costs and expenses in
order to enforce such agreements in China or we may be unable to enforce them at all.



    
    


If
we are unable to recruit
 train and retain qualified personnel or sufficient workforce while controlling our labor costs
 our business
may be materially and adversely affected.

We
intend to hire additional qualified employees to support our business operations and planned expansion in product categories. Our future
success depends
 to a significant extent
 on our ability to recruit
 train and retain qualified personnel
 particularly technical
 fulfillment
marketing and other operational personnel with experience in the online retail industry. Our experienced mid-level managers are instrumental
in implementing our business strategies
 executing our business plans and supporting our business operations and growth. The effective
operation of our managerial and operating systems
 customer service center and other back office functions also depends on the hard work
and quality performance of our management and employees. Since our industry is characterized by high demand and intense competition for
talent and labor
 we can provide no assurance that we will be able to attract or retain qualified staff or other highly skilled employees
that we will need to achieve our strategic objectives. Labor costs in China have increased with China&rsquo;s economic development
 particularly
in the large cities where our facilities locate. Rising inflation in China
 which has had a disproportionate impact on everyday essentials
such as food
 is also putting pressure on wages. In addition
 as we are still a young company
 our ability to train and integrate new
employees into our operations may also be limited and may not meet the demand for our business growth on a timely fashion
 or at all.
If we are unable to attract
 train and retain qualified personnel
 our business may be materially and adversely affected.

Any
lack of requisite approvals
 licenses or permits applicable to our business or failure to comply with PRC laws and regulations may have
a material and adverse impact on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

Our
business is subject to governmental supervision and regulation by the relevant PRC governmental authorities
 including the competent
authorities of Ministry of Commerce and the China Food and Drug Administration. Together
 these government authorities promulgate and
enforce regulations that cover many aspects of the operation of retailing and distribution of food and nutritional supplements
 including
entry into these industries
 the scope of permissible business activities
 licenses and permits for various business activities
 and
foreign investment. We are required to hold a number of licenses and permits in connection with our business operation
 including the
Food Operation License. We have in the past held and currently hold all licenses and permits described above.

As
of the date of this annual report on Form 10-K
 we have not received any notice of warning or been subject to penalties or other disciplinary
action from the relevant governmental authorities regarding our conducting our business without the above mentioned approvals and permits.
However
 we cannot assure you that we will not be subject to any penalties in the future. As the alcohol wholesale and retail industry
is still evolving in China
 new laws and regulations may be adopted from time to time to require additional licenses and permits other
than those we currently have
 and address new issues that arise from time to time. As a result
 substantial uncertainties exist regarding
the interpretation and implementation of current and any future PRC laws and regulations applicable to our businesses. If the PRC government
considers that we were operating without the proper approvals
 licenses or permits or promulgates new laws and regulations that require
additional approvals or licenses or imposes additional restrictions on the operation of any part of our business
 it has the power
 among
other things
 to levy fines
 confiscate our income
 revoke our business licenses
 and require us to discontinue our relevant business
or impose restrictions on the affected portion of our business. Any of these actions by the PRC government may have a material and adverse
effect on our results of operations.

Failure
to make adequate contributions to various employee benefits plans as required by PRC regulations may subject us to penalties.

Companies
operating in China are required to participate in various government-sponsored employee benefit plans
 including certain social insurance
housing funds and other welfare-oriented payment obligations
 and contribute to the plans in amounts equal to certain percentages of
salaries
 including bonuses and allowances
 of employees up to a maximum amount specified by the local government from time to time at
locations where our employees are based. The requirement of employee benefit plans has not been implemented consistently by the local
governments in China given the different levels of economic development in different locations. Huaxin has deposited social security
premiums in full
 and has opened a bank account and contributing housing provident funds as required. As for the social security premiums
Huaxin may be subject to a late payment fine computed from the due date at the rate of 0.05% per day; where payment is not made within
the stipulated period
 the relevant administrative authorities may impose a fine ranging from one to three times the amount of the amount
in arrears. As for the housing provident fund
 if Huaxin fails to go through the formalities to register or open the account within the
prescribed time limit
 a fine of not less than RMB10
000 nor more than RMB50
000 shall be imposed. If Huaxin fails to make the payment
and deposit within the prescribed time limit
 an application may be made to the people&rsquo;s court for compulsory enforcement.

Failure
to renew our current leases or locate desirable alternatives for our facilities could materially and adversely affect our business.

As
of the date of this annual report on Form 10-K
 we leased an aggregate of approximately 2600 square meters of properties for our offices
used for communication and development
 customer service and management and our operations in general. We may not be able to successfully
extend or renew such leases upon expiration of the current term on commercially reasonable terms or at all
 and may therefore be forced
to relocate our affected operations. This could disrupt our operations and result in significant relocation expenses
 which could adversely
affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. In addition
 we compete with other businesses for premises at certain
locations or of desirable sizes. As a result
 even though we could extend or renew our leases
 rental payments may significantly increase
as a result of the high demand for the leased properties. In addition
 we may not be able to locate desirable alternative sites for our
facilities as our business continues to grow and such failure in relocating our affected operations could affect our business and operations.


    
    


We
have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. If our remediation of these material weaknesses
is not effective
 or if we experience additional material weaknesses in the future
 we may not be able to accurately or timely report
our financial condition or results of operations
 which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and
 as a result
 the value of
our shares of Common Stock.

In
connection with the audit of the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended June 30
 2020
 PKF Littlejohn LLP found
that the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s group wide internal control over financial reporting was negatively impacted by COVID-19
imposed restrictions. A material weakness is a deficiency
 or combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting
such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis.

Based
upon an evaluation the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company&rsquo;s disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective as of June 30
 2020 to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in
the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act
 is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
 within the time
periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company&rsquo;s
management
 including the Company&rsquo;s CEO and CFO
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The principal
basis for this conclusion is the lack of segregation of duties within our financial function and the lack of an operating Audit Committee
as well as the Company&rsquo;s failure to engage sufficient resources in regards to our accounting and reporting obligations.

We
have initiated remediation efforts focused on continue to make effort to strengthen our internal control over financial reporting and
to specifically address the control deficiencies that led to our material weaknesses. These efforts include the following:


Required
of the accounting personnel in the accounting department to take a minimum of 24 CPE credits annually with a focus on US GAAP and financial
reporting standards. We also required the Chief Financial Officer to take a minimum of 40 CPE credits annually with a focus on US GAAP
and financial reporting standards.



Implemented
an internal review process over financial reporting to continue to improve our ongoing review and supervision of our internal control
over financial reporting;



An
ongoing initiative and training in the Company to ensure the importance of internal controls and compliance with the established policies
and procedures are fully understood throughout the organization
 and we plan to provide continuous U.S. GAAP knowledge training to relevant
employees involved to ensure the performance of and the compliance with those procedures and policies.


We
cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date
 and are continuing to implement
 will be sufficient to remediate the material
weaknesses we have identified or avoid potential future material weaknesses. If the steps we take do not remediate the material weaknesses
in a timely manner
 we will be unable to conclude that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures or effective internal
control over financial reporting. Additionally
 these material weaknesses could result in a misstatement of our accounts or disclosures
that would result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim consolidated financial statements that would not be prevented or
detected.

As
a public company
 we will be required to maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses
in our internal control&nbsp;over financial reporting. SEC Regulation S-K requires that we evaluate and determine the effectiveness of
our internal control&nbsp;over financial reporting and provide a management report on internal control over financial reporting. Regulation
S-K also requires that our management report on internal control over financial reporting be attested to by our independent registered
public accounting firm
 to the extent we are no longer an emerging growth company. We do not expect our independent registered public
accounting firm to attest to our management report on internal control over financial reporting while we are an emerging growth company.

We
are in the process of evaluating our internal control over financial reporting required to comply with this obligation
 and this process
will be time consuming
 costly and complicated. If we identify any additional material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting
 if we are unable to comply with the requirements of Regulation S-K in a timely manner
 if we are unable to assert that our
internal control&nbsp;over financial reporting is effective
 or when required in the future
 if our independent registered public accounting
firm is unable to express an unqualified opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal control&nbsp;over financial reporting
 investors
may lose confidence in our financial reports and the market price of our shares of Common Stock could be adversely affected.


    
    


We
may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property rights
 and our competitors may be able to offer similar products and
services
 which would harm our competitive position.

Our
success depends in part upon our intellectual property rights. We rely primarily on trademark
 copyright
 trade secret laws
 confidentiality
procedures
 license agreements and contractual provisions to establish and protect our proprietary rights over our products
 procedures
and services. Other persons could copy or otherwise obtain and use our intellectual properties without authorization
 or create intellectual
properties similar to ours independently. We may also pursue the registration of our domain names
 trademarks
 and service marks in other
jurisdictions
 including the United States. However
 the intellectual property laws in China are not considered as strong as comparable
laws in the United States or the European Union. We cannot assure you that we will be able to protect our proprietary rights. Further
our competitors may be able to independently develop similar intellectual property
 duplicate our products and services or design around
any intellectual property rights we hold. Further
 our intellectual property rights may be subject to termination or expirations. The
loss of intellectual property protections or the inability to timely regain intellectual property protections could harm our business
and ability to compete.

We
may be subject to intellectual property infringement claims
 which may be expensive to defend and may disrupt our business and operations.

We
cannot be certain that our operations or any aspects of our business do not or will not infringe upon or otherwise violate trademarks
patents
 copyrights
 know-how or other intellectual property rights held by third parties. We have not been in the past
 but may be from
time to time in the future
 subject to legal proceedings and claims relating to the intellectual property rights of others. There may
be third-party intellectual property that is infringed by our products
 services or other aspects of our business. There could also be
existing patents or other intellectual property rights of which we are not aware that our products may inadvertently infringe. We cannot
assure you that holders of the relevant intellectual property rights purportedly relating to some aspect of our technology platform or
business
 if any such holders exist
 would not seek to enforce such intellectual property rights against us in China
 the United States
or any other jurisdictions. In addition
 we strive to closely monitor the products offered on our internet platform
 and also require
suppliers and third-party merchants to indemnify us for any losses we suffer or any costs that we incur in relation to the products we
source from such suppliers or the products offered by such third-party merchants on our internet platform. However
 we cannot be certain
that these measures would be effective in completely preventing the infringement of trademarks
 patents
 copyrights
 know-how or other
intellectual property rights held by third parties. Further
 the application and interpretation of China&rsquo;s intellectual property
right laws and the procedures and standards for granting trademarks
 patents
 copyrights
 know-how or other intellectual property rights
in China are still evolving and are uncertain
 and we cannot assure you that PRC courts or regulatory authorities would agree with our
analysis. If we are found to have violated the intellectual property rights of others
 we may be subject to liability for our infringement
activities or may be prohibited from using such intellectual property
 and we may incur licensing fees or be forced to develop alternatives
of our own. In addition
 we may incur significant expenses
 and may be forced to divert management&rsquo;s time and other resources from
our business and operations to defend against these third-party infringement claims
 regardless of their merits. Successful infringement
or licensing claims made against us may result in significant monetary liabilities and may materially disrupt our business and operations
by restricting or prohibiting our use of the intellectual property in question.

We
may need additional capital
 and financing may not be available on terms acceptable to us
 or at all.

We
believe our current cash and cash equivalents and anticipated cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash
needs for the next 12 months. We may
 however
 require additional cash resources due to changed business conditions or other future developments
including any marketing initiatives or investments we may decide to pursue. If these resources are insufficient to satisfy our cash requirements
we may seek to obtain a credit facility or sell additional equity or debt securities. The sale of additional equity securities could
result in dilution of our existing shareholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased debt obligations and could
result in operating and financing covenants that would restrict our operations. In addition
 it is uncertain whether financing will be
available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us
 if at all.


    
    


We
have limited insurance coverage which could expose us to significant costs and business disruption.

We
maintain certain insurance policies to safeguard against risks and unexpected events. We have purchased cargo transportation insurance
covering our inventory in transit. However
 as the insurance industry in China is still in an early stage of development
 insurance companies
in China currently offer limited business-related insurance products. We do not maintain business interruption insurance or product liability
insurance
 nor do we maintain key-man life insurance. We cannot assure you that our insurance coverage is sufficient to prevent us from
any loss or that we will be able to successfully claim our losses under our current insurance policy on a timely basis
 or at all. If
we incur any loss that is not covered by our insurance policies
 or the compensated amount is significantly less than our actual loss
our business
 financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.

We
face risks related to natural disasters
 health epidemics and other outbreaks
 which could significantly disrupt our operations.

Our
business could be adversely affected by natural disasters or the outbreak of avian influenza
 severe acute respiratory syndrome
 or SARS
COVID-19
 the influenza A (H1N1)
 H7N9 or other epidemics. Any of such occurrences could cause severe disruption to our daily operations
and may even require a temporary closure of our facilities. Such closures may disrupt our business operations and adversely affect our
results of operations. Our operation could also be disrupted if our suppliers
 customers or business partners were affected by such natural
disasters or health epidemics.

Risks
Related to Doing Business in China

A
slowdown of the Chinese economy or adverse changes in economic and political policies of the PRC government could negatively impact China&rsquo;s
overall economic growth
 which could materially adversely affect our business.

After
the business combination
 we will be a holding company and all of the combined company&rsquo;s operations will be entirely conducted
in the PRC. Although the PRC economy has grown in recent years
 the pace of growth has slowed
 and even that rate of growth may not continue.
The annual rate of growth in the PRC declined from 6.9% in 2015 to 6.7% in 2016
 6.8% in 2017 and 6.6% in 2018. According to a recent
State Information of China forecast
 China&rsquo;s economic growth rate in 2019 will slow to 6%-6.5%
 its lowest since 1990. &nbsp;&nbsp;A
slowdown in overall economic growth
 an economic downturn or recession or other adverse economic developments in the PRC may materially
reduce the demand for the company&rsquo;s products and may have a materially adverse effect on its business.

China&rsquo;s
economy differs from the economies of most other countries in many respects
 including the amount of government involvement in the economy
the general level of economic development
 growth rates and government control of foreign exchange and the allocation of resources. While
the PRC economy has grown significantly over the past few decades
 this growth has remained uneven across different periods
 regions
and economic sectors.

The
PRC government also exercises significant control over China&rsquo;s economic growth by allocating resources
 controlling the payment
of foreign currency-denominated obligations
 setting monetary policy and providing preferential treatment to particular industries or
companies. Any actions and policies adopted by the PRC government could negatively impact the Chinese economy or the economy of the region
the combined company serves
 which could materially adversely affect the combined company&rsquo;s business.

Substantial
uncertainties and restrictions with respect to the political and economic policies of the PRC government and PRC laws and regulations
could have a significant impact upon the business the combined company may be able to conduct in the PRC and accordingly on the results
of its operations and financial condition.

The
combined company&rsquo;s business operations may be adversely affected by the current and future political environment in the PRC. The
Chinese government exerts substantial influence and control over the manner in which the combined company must conduct its business activities.
The combined company&rsquo;s ability to operate in China may be adversely affected by changes in Chinese laws and regulations. Under
the current government leadership
 the government of the PRC has been pursuing economic reform policies that encourage private economic
activities and greater economic decentralization. However
 the government of the PRC may not continue to pursue these policies
 or may
significantly alter these policies from time to time without notice.


    
    


There
are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of PRC laws and regulations
 including
 but not limited to
the laws and regulations governing the combined company&rsquo;s business
 or the enforcement and performance of the combined company&rsquo;s
arrangements with borrowers in the event of the imposition of statutory liens
 death
 bankruptcy or criminal proceedings. Only after
1979 did the Chinese government begin to promulgate a comprehensive system of laws that regulate economic affairs in general
 deal with
economic matters such as foreign investment
 corporate organization and governance
 commerce
 taxation and trade
 as well as encourage
foreign investment in China. Although the influence of the law has been increasing
 China has not developed a fully integrated legal
system and recently enacted laws and regulations may not sufficiently cover all aspects of economic activities in China. Also
 because
these laws and regulations are relatively new
 and because of the limited volume of published cases and their lack of force as precedents
interpretation and enforcement of these laws and regulations involve significant uncertainties. New laws and regulations that affect
existing and proposed future businesses may also be applied retroactively. In addition
 there have been constant changes and amendments
of laws and regulations over the past 40 years in order to keep up with the rapidly changing society and economy in China. Because government
agencies and courts provide interpretations of laws and regulations and decide contractual disputes and issues
 their inexperience in
adjudicating new business and new polices or regulations in certain less developed areas causes uncertainty and may affect the combined
company&rsquo;s business. Consequently
 neither Huaxin nor Oranco can predict the future direction of Chinese legislative activities
with respect to either businesses with foreign investment or the effectiveness on enforcement of laws and regulations in China. The uncertainties
including new laws and regulations and changes of existing laws
 as well as judicial interpretation by inexperienced officials in the
agencies and courts in certain areas
 may cause possible problems to foreign investors.

Both
Huaxin
businesses are subject to extensive regulation and supervision by state
 provincial
and local government authorities
 which may interfere with the way the combined company conducts its business and may negatively impact
its financial results.

Both
Huaxin
 Jinqiang and Jinou are subject to extensive and complex state
 provincial and local laws
 rules and regulations with regard to
their loan operations
 capital structure
 maximum interest rates
 allowance for loan losses
 among other things
 as set out in &ldquo;Business
&mdash; Government Regulations.&rdquo; These laws
 rules and regulations are issued by different central government ministries and departments
provincial and local governments and are enforced by different local authorities. As a result of the complexity
 uncertainties and constant
changes in these laws
 rules and regulation
 including changes in interpretation and implementation of such
 both Huaxin
 Jinqiang and
Jinou&rsquo;s business activities and growth may be adversely affected if they do not respond to the changes in a timely manner or are
found to be in violation of the applicable laws
 regulations and policies as a result of a different position from theirs taken by the
competent authority in the interpretation of such applicable laws
 regulations and policies. If Huaxin
 Jinqiang and Jinou are found
to be not in compliance with these laws and regulations
 they may be subject to sanctions by regulatory authorities
 monetary penalties
and/or reputation damage
 which could have a material adverse effect on the combined company&rsquo;s business operations and profitability.

You
may experience difficulties in effecting service of legal process
 enforcing foreign judgments or bringing original actions against us
or our management
 in China
 based upon United States laws
 including the U.S. federal securities laws
 or other foreign laws.

We
are a company incorporated in Nevada. After the business combination
 substantially all of our operations will be conducted in China
and substantially all of our assets will be located in China. All of our current and proposed directors and officers reside in China
and substantially all of the assets of those persons are located outside of the United States. As a result
 Zhonglun W&amp;D Law Firm
our counsel as to PRC law
 has advised us that it may be difficult for a shareholder to effect service of process within the United States
upon these persons
 or to enforce judgments against us which are obtained in United States courts
 including judgments predicated upon
the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state in the United States.

Zhonglun
W&amp;D Law Firm has further advised us that the recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments are provided for under the PRC Civil
Procedures Law. PRC courts may recognize and enforce foreign judgments in accordance with the requirements of the PRC Civil Procedures
Law based either on treaties between China and the country where the judgment is made or on principles of reciprocity between jurisdictions.
China does not have any treaties or other form of reciprocity with the United States providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement
of foreign judgments. In addition
 according to the PRC Civil Procedures Law
 courts in the PRC will not enforce a foreign judgment against
us or our directors or officers if they decide that the judgment violates the basic principles of PRC laws
 national sovereignty
 security
or public interest. As a result
 it is uncertain whether and on what basis a PRC court would enforce a judgment rendered by a court in
the United States.


    
    


Zhonglun
W&amp;D Law Firm has also advised us that in the event shareholders originate an action against a company without domicile in China for
disputes related to contracts or other property interests
 the PRC courts may accept a cause of action if (a) the disputed contract is
concluded or performed in the PRC or the disputed subject matter is located in the PRC
 (b) the company (as defendant) has properties
that can be seized within the PRC
 (c) the company has a representative organization within the PRC
 or (d) the parties chose to submit
to the jurisdiction of the PRC courts in the contract on the condition that such submission does not violate the requirements of jurisdiction
under the PRC Civil Procedures Law. The action may be initiated by the shareholder by filing a complaint with the PRC courts. The PRC
courts would determine whether to accept the complaint in accordance with the PRC Civil Procedures Law. The shareholder may participate
in the action by itself or entrust any other person or PRC legal counsel to participate on behalf of such shareholder. Foreign citizens
and companies will have the same rights as PRC citizens and companies in such an action unless such foreign country restricts the rights
of PRC citizens and companies.

Dividends
payable to our foreign investors and gains on the sale of our shares of Common Stock by our foreign investors may become subject to tax
by the PRC.

Under
the Enterprise Income Tax Law and its implementation regulations issued by the State Council of the PRC
 a 10% PRC withholding tax is
applicable to dividends payable to investors that are non-resident enterprises
 which do not have an establishment or place of business
in the PRC or which have such establishment or place of business but the dividends are not effectively connected with such establishment
or place of business
 to the extent such dividends are derived from sources within the PRC. Similarly
 any gain realized on the transfer
of shares by such investors is also subject to PRC tax at a current rate of 10%
 subject to any reduction or exemption set forth in relevant
tax treaties
 if such gain is regarded as income derived from sources within the PRC. If we are deemed a PRC resident enterprise
 dividends
paid on our shares
 and any gain realized from the transfer of our shares
 would be treated as income derived from sources within the
PRC and would as a result be subject to PRC taxation. Furthermore
 if we are deemed a PRC resident enterprise
 dividends payable to individual
investors who are non-PRC residents and any gain realized on the transfer shares by such investors may be subject to PRC tax at a current
rate of 20%
 subject to any reduction or exemption set forth in applicable tax treaties. It is unclear whether we or any of our subsidiaries
established outside of China are considered a PRC resident enterprise
 holders of shares would be able to claim the benefit of income
tax treaties or agreements entered into between China and other countries or areas. If dividends payable to our non-PRC investors
 or
gains from the transfer of our shares by such investors are subject to PRC tax
 the value of your investment in our shares may decline
significantly.

Our
global income may be subject to PRC taxes under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law
 which could have a material adverse effect on our
results of operations.

Under
the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law
 or the New EIT Law
 and its amendment and implementation rules
 which became effective in January
2008
 an enterprise established outside of the PRC with a &ldquo;de facto management body&rdquo; located within the PRC is considered
a PRC resident enterprise and will be subject to the enterprise income tax at the rate of 25% on its global income. The implementation
rules define the term &ldquo;de facto management bodies&rdquo; as &ldquo;establishments that carry out substantial and overall management
and control over the manufacturing and business operations
 personnel and human resources
 finance and treasury
 and Business Combination
and disposition of properties and other assets of an enterprise.&rdquo; On April 22
 2009
 the State Administration of Taxation (the
&ldquo;SAT&rdquo;)
 issued a circular
 or SAT Circular 82
 which provides certain specific criteria for determining whether the &ldquo;de
facto management body&rdquo; of a PRC-controlled enterprise that is incorporated offshore is located in China. Although the SAT Circular
82 only applies to offshore enterprises controlled by PRC enterprises or PRC enterprise groups
 not those controlled by PRC individuals
or foreigners
 the determining criteria set forth in the SAT Circular 82 may reflect the SAT&rsquo;s general position on how the &ldquo;de
facto management body&rdquo; text should be applied in determining the resident status of all offshore enterprises for the purpose of
PRC tax
 regardless of whether they are controlled by PRC enterprises or individuals. Although we do not believe that our legal entities
organized outside of the PRC constitute PRC resident enterprises
 it is possible that the PRC tax authorities could reach a different
conclusion. In such case
 we may be considered a PRC resident enterprise and may therefore be subject to the 25% enterprise income tax
on our global income
 which could significantly increase our tax burden and materially and adversely affect our cash flow and profitability.
In addition to the uncertainty regarding how the new PRC resident enterprise classification for tax purposes may apply
 it is also possible
that the rules may change in the future
 possibly with retroactive effect.


    
    


We
and our shareholders face uncertainties with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC resident enterprises by their non-PRC
holding companies.

On
February 3
 2015
 the State Administration of Taxation issued an Announcement on Several Issues Concerning Enterprise Income Tax on Income
Arising from Indirect Transfers of Property by Non-PRC Resident Enterprises
 or Circular 7
 with the same effective date. Under Announcement
7
 an &ldquo;indirect transfer&rdquo; refers to a transaction where a non-resident enterprise transfers its equity interest and other
similar interest in an offshore holding company
 which directly or indirectly holds Chinese taxable assets (the assets of an &ldquo;establishment
or place&rdquo; situated in China; real property situated in China and equity interest in Chinese resident enterprises) and any indirect
transfer without reasonable commercial purposes are subject to the PRC taxation. In addition
 Announcement 7 specifies the conditions
under which an indirect transfer is deemed to lack a reasonable commercial purpose which include: (1) 75% or more of the value of the
offshore holding company&rsquo;s equity is derived from Chinese taxable assets
 (2) anytime in the year prior to the occurrence of the
indirect transfer of Chinese taxable assets
 90% or more of the total assets (excluding cash) of the offshore holding company are direct
or indirect investment in China
 or 90% or more of the revenue of the offshore holding company was sourced from China; (3) the functions
performed and risks assumed by the offshore holding company(ies)
 although incorporated in an offshore jurisdiction to conform to the
corporate law requirements there
 are insufficient to substantiate their corporate existence and (4) the foreign income tax payable in
respect of the indirect transfer is lower than the Chinese tax which would otherwise be payable in respect of the direct transfer if
such transfer were treated as a direct transfer. As a result
 gains derived from such indirect transfer will be subject to PRC enterprise
income tax
 currently at a rate of 10%.

Announcement
7 grants a safe harbor under certain qualifying circumstances
 including transfers in the public securities market and certain intragroup
restricting transactions
 however
 there is uncertainty as to the implementation of Announcement 7. For example
 Announcement 7 requires
the buyer to withhold the applicable taxes without specifying how to obtain the information necessary to calculate taxes and when the
applicable tax shall be submitted. Announcement 7 may be determined by the tax authorities to be applicable to our offshore restructuring
transactions or sale of the shares of our offshore subsidiaries where non-resident enterprises
 being the transferors
 were involved.
Though Announcement 7 does not impose a mandatory obligation of filing the report of taxable events
 the transferring party shall be
subject to PRC withholding tax if the certain tax filing conditions are met. Non-filing may result in an administrative penalty varying
from 50% to 300% of unpaid taxes. As a result
 we and our non-resident enterprises in such transactions may become at risk of being subject
to taxation under Announcement 7
 and may be required to expend valuable resources to comply with Announcement 7 or to establish that
we and our non-resident enterprises should not be taxed under Announcement 7
 for any restructuring or disposal of shares of our offshore
subsidiaries
 which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

Enhanced
scrutiny over acquisition transactions by the PRC tax authorities may have a negative impact on potential acquisitions we may pursue
in the future.

The
PRC tax authorities have enhanced their scrutiny over the direct or indirect transfer of certain taxable assets
 including
 in particular
equity interests in a PRC resident enterprise
 by a non-resident enterprise by promulgating and implementing SAT Circular 59 and Circular
698
 which became effective in January 2008
 and a Circular 7 in replacement of some of the existing rules in Circular 698
 which became
effective in February 2015.

Under
Circular 698
 where a non-resident enterprise conducts an &ldquo;indirect transfer&rdquo; by transferring the equity interests of a PRC
&ldquo;resident enterprise&rdquo; indirectly by disposing of the equity interests of an overseas holding company
 the non-resident enterprise
being the transferor
 may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax
 if the indirect transfer is considered to be an abusive use of company
structure without reasonable commercial purposes. As a result
 gains derived from such indirect transfer may be subject to PRC tax at
a rate of up to 10%. Circular 698 also provides that
 where a non-PRC resident enterprise transfers its equity interests in a PRC resident
enterprise to its related parties at a price lower than the fair market value
 the relevant tax authority has the power to make a reasonable
adjustment to the taxable income of the transaction.


    
    


In
February 2015
 the SAT issued Circular 7 to replace the rules relating to indirect transfers in Circular 698. Circular 7 has introduced
a new tax regime that is significantly different from that under Circular 698. Circular 7 extends its tax jurisdiction to not only indirect
transfers set forth under Circular 698 but also transactions involving transfer of other taxable assets
 through the offshore transfer
of a foreign intermediate holding company. In addition
 Circular 7 provides clearer criteria than Circular 698 on how to assess reasonable
commercial purposes and has introduced safe harbors for internal group restructurings and the purchase and sale of equity through a public
securities market. Circular 7 also brings challenges to both the foreign transferor and transferee (or other person who is obligated
to pay for the transfer) of the taxable assets. Where a non-resident enterprise conducts an &ldquo;indirect transfer&rdquo; by transferring
the taxable assets indirectly by disposing of the equity interests of an overseas holding company
 the non-resident enterprise being
the transferor
 or the transferee
 or the PRC entity which directly owned the taxable assets may report to the relevant tax authority
such indirect transfer. Using a &ldquo;substance over form&rdquo; principle
 the PRC tax authority may disregard the existence of the
overseas holding company if it lacks a reasonable commercial purpose and was established for the purpose of reducing
 avoiding or deferring
PRC tax. As a result
 gains derived from such indirect transfer may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax
 and the transferee or other
person who is obligated to pay for the transfer is obligated to withhold the applicable taxes
 currently at a rate of 10% for the transfer
of equity interests in a PRC resident enterprise.

On
October&nbsp;17
 2017
 the SAT issued a Notice Concerning Withholding Income Tax of Non-Resident Enterprise
 or SAT Notice No.&nbsp;37
which abolishes Circular&nbsp;698 and&nbsp;certain provisions of Circular 7. SAT Notice No.&nbsp;37 further reduces the burden of the
withholding obligator
 such as revocation of contract filing requirements and tax liquidation procedures
 strengthens the cooperation
of tax authorities in different places
 and clarifies the calculation of tax payable and mechanism of foreign exchange.

We
face uncertainties on the reporting and consequences on future private equity financing transactions
 share exchange or other transactions
involving the transfer of shares in our company by investors that are non-PRC resident enterprises. The PRC tax authorities may pursue
such non-resident enterprises with respect to a filing or the transferees with respect to withholding obligation
 and request our PRC
subsidiaries to assist in the filing. As a result
 we and non-resident enterprises in such transactions may become at risk of being subject
to filing obligations or being taxed
 under Circular 59 or Circular 7 and SAT Notice No.&nbsp;37
 and may be required to expend valuable
resources to comply with Circular 59
 Circular 7 and SAT Notice No.&nbsp;37 or to establish that we and our non-resident enterprises
should not be taxed under these circulars
 which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

The
PRC tax authorities have the discretion under SAT Circular 59
 Circular 7 and SAT Notice No.&nbsp;37 to make adjustments to the taxable
capital gains based on the difference between the fair value of the taxable assets transferred and the cost of investment. Although we
currently have no plans to pursue any acquisitions in China or elsewhere in the world
 we may pursue acquisitions in the future that
may involve complex corporate structures. If we are considered a non-resident enterprise under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law and
if the PRC tax authorities make adjustments to the taxable income of the transactions under SAT Circular 59 or and SAT Notice No.&nbsp;37
and Circular 7
 our income tax costs associated with such potential acquisitions will be increased
 which may have an adverse effect
on our financial condition and results of operations.

Restrictions
on currency exchange may limit our ability to utilize our revenue effectively.

Substantially
all of our revenue is denominated in Renminbi. The Renminbi is currently convertible under the &ldquo;current account
&rdquo; which includes
dividends
 trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions
 but not under the &ldquo;capital account
&rdquo; which includes foreign
direct investment and loans. Currently
 our PRC subsidiaries
 which are wholly-foreign owned enterprises
 may purchase foreign currency
for settlement of &ldquo;current account transactions
&rdquo; including payment of dividends to us
 without the approval of SAFE by complying
with certain procedural requirements. However
 the relevant PRC governmental authorities may limit or eliminate our ability to purchase
foreign currencies in the future for current account transactions. Since a significant amount of our future revenue will be denominated
in Renminbi
 any existing and future restrictions on currency exchange may limit our ability to utilize revenue generated in Renminbi
to fund our business activities outside of the PRC or pay dividends in foreign currencies to our shareholders. Foreign exchange transactions
under the capital account remain subject to limitations and require approvals from
 or registration with
 SAFE or banks and other relevant
PRC governmental authorities. This could affect our ability to obtain foreign currency through debt or equity financing for all of our
PRC subsidiaries.


    
    


Fluctuations
in the foreign currency exchange rate between U.S. Dollars and Renminbi could adversely affect our financial condition.

The
value of the RMB against the U.S. dollar and other currencies may fluctuate. Exchange rates are affected by
 among other things
 changes
in political and economic conditions and the foreign exchange policy adopted by the PRC government. On July 21
 2005
 the PRC government
changed its policy of pegging the value of the RMB to the U.S. dollar. Under this policy
 the RMB is permitted to fluctuate within a
narrow and managed band against a basket of foreign currencies. Following the removal of the U.S. dollar peg
 the RMB appreciated more
than 20% against the U.S. dollar over three years. From July 2008 until June 2010
 however
 the RMB traded stably within a narrow range
against the U.S. dollar. On June 20
 2010
 the PBOC announced that the PRC government would reform the RMB exchange rate regime and increase
the flexibility of the exchange rate. Since June 2010
 the RMB has appreciated more than 10% against the U.S. dollar. In April 2012
the PRC government announced it would allow greater RMB exchange rate fluctuation. On August 11
 12 and 13
 2015
 the PRC government
successively set the central parity rate for the RMB more than 3% lower in the aggregate than that of August 10
 2015 and announced that
it will begin taking into account previous day&rsquo;s trading in setting the central parity rate. In 2015
 the yuan experienced a 4.88%
drop in value
 and on January 4
 2016 the PRC government set the U.S. dollar-Chinese yuan currency pair to a reference rate of 6.5%
the lowest rate in 4.5 years
 on January 6
 2017
 the reference rate was 0.9% up-regulated by the PRC government. However
 it is difficult
to predict how market forces or PRC or U.S. government policy may impact the exchange rate between the RMB and the U.S. dollar in the
future. As significant international pressure remains on the PRC government to adopt a more flexible currency policy
 greater fluctuation
of the RMB against the U.S. dollar could result.&nbsp;

Our
revenues and costs are mostly denominated in the RMB
 and a significant portion of our financial assets are also denominated in the RMB.
Any significant fluctuations in the exchange rate between the RMB and the U.S. dollar may materially adversely affect our cash flows
revenues
 earnings and financial position
 and the amount of and any dividends we may pay on our shares in U.S. dollars. Fluctuations
in the exchange rate between the RMB and the U.S. dollar could also result in foreign currency translation losses for financial reporting
purposes.

If
any dividend is declared in the future and paid in a foreign currency
 you may be taxed on a larger amount in U.S. dollars than the U.S.
dollar amount that you will actually ultimately receive.

If
you are a U.S. holder of our shares of Common Stock
 you will be taxed on the U.S. dollar value of your dividends
 if any
 at the time
you receive them
 even if you actually receive a smaller amount of U.S. dollars when the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars.
Specifically
 if a dividend is declared and paid in a foreign currency such as the RMB
 the amount of the dividend distribution that
you must include in your income as a U.S. holder will be the U.S. dollar value of the payments made in the foreign currency
 determined
at the spot rate of the foreign currency to the U.S. dollar on the date the dividend distribution is includible in your income
 regardless
of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars. Thus
 if the value of the foreign currency decreases before you actually
convert the currency into U.S. dollars
 you will be taxed on a larger amount in U.S. dollars than the U.S. dollar amount that you will
actually ultimately receive.

Future
inflation in China may inhibit economic activity and adversely affect the combined company&rsquo;s operations.

The
Chinese economy has experienced periods of rapid expansion in recent years which can lead to high rates of inflation or deflation. This
has caused the PRC government to
 from time to time
 enact various corrective measures designed to restrict the availability of credit
or regulate growth and contain inflation. High inflation may in the future cause the PRC government to once again impose controls on
credit and/or prices
 or to take other action
 which could inhibit economic activity in China. Any action on the part of the PRC government
that seeks to control credit and/or prices may adversely affect the combined company&rsquo;s business operations.


    
    


PRC
laws and regulations have established more complex procedures for certain acquisitions of Chinese companies by foreign investors
 which
could make it more difficult for the combined company to pursue growth through acquisitions in China.

Further
to the Regulations on Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors
 or the New M&amp;A Rules
 the Anti-monopoly
Law of the PRC
 the Rules of Ministry of Commerce on Implementation of Security Review System of Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic
Enterprises by Foreign Investors promulgated by MOFCOM or the MOFCOM Security Review Rules
 was issued in August 2011
 which established
additional procedures and requirements that are expected to make merger and acquisition activities in China by foreign investors more
time-consuming and complex
 including requirements in some instances that MOFCOM be notified in advance of any change of control transaction
in which a foreign investor takes control of a PRC enterprise
 or that the approval from MOFCOM be obtained in circumstances where overseas
companies established or controlled by PRC enterprises or residents acquire affiliated domestic companies. PRC laws and regulations also
require certain merger and acquisition transactions to be subject to merger control review and or security review.

The
MOFCOM Security Review Rules
 effective from September 1
 2011
 which implement the Notice of the General Office of the State Council
on Establishing the Security Review System for Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors promulgated on February
3
 2011
 further provide that
 when deciding whether a specific merger or acquisition of a domestic enterprise by foreign investors is
subject to the security review by MOFCOM
 the principle of substance over form should be applied and foreign investors are prohibited
from bypassing the security review requirement by structuring transactions through proxies
 trusts
 indirect investments
 leases
 loans
control through agreements control or offshore transactions.

Further
if the business of any target company that the combined company seek to acquire falls into the scope of security review
 the combined
company may not be able to successfully acquire such company either by equity or asset acquisition
 capital contribution or through any
contractual agreements. The combined company may grow its business in part by acquiring other companies operating in its industry. Complying
with the requirements of the relevant regulations to complete such transactions could be time consuming
 and any required approval processes
including approval from MOFCOM
 may delay or inhibit its ability to complete such transactions
 which could affect its ability to maintain
or expand its market share.

In
addition
 SAFE promulgated the Circular on the Settlement of Foreign Currency Capital of Foreign-invested Enterprises
 or Circular 19
on June 1
 2015. Under Circular 19
 registered capital of a foreign-invested company settled in RMB converted from foreign currencies
may only be used within the business scope approved by the applicable governmental authority and the equity investments in the PRC made
by the foreign-invested company shall be subject to the relevant laws and regulations about the foreign-invested company&rsquo;s reinvestment
in the PRC. In addition
 foreign-invested companies cannot use such capital to make the investments on securities
 and cannot use such
capital to issue the entrusted RMB loans (except approved in its business scope)
 repay the RMB loans between the enterprises and the
ones which have been transferred to the third party. Circular 19 may significantly limit our ability to effectively use the proceeds
from future financing activities as the Chinese subsidiaries may not convert the funds received from us in foreign currencies into RMB
which may adversely affect their liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business in the PRC.

SAFE
issued the Circular on Reforming and Regulating Policies on the Control over Foreign Exchange Settlement of Capital Accounts (&ldquo;Circular
16&rdquo;)
 on June 9
 2016
 which became effective simultaneously. Pursuant to Circular 16
 enterprises registered in the PRC may also
convert their foreign debts from foreign currency to RMB on self-discretionary basis. Circular 16 provides an integrated standard for
conversion of foreign exchange under capital account items (including but not limited to foreign currency capital and foreign debts)
on self-discretionary basis which applies to all enterprises registered in the PRC. Circular 16 reiterates the principle that RMB converted
from foreign currency-denominated capital of a company may not be directly or indirectly used for purpose beyond its business scope or
prohibited by PRC Laws or regulations
 while such converted RMB shall not be provide as loans to its non-affiliated entities. As Circular
16 is newly issued and SAFE has not provided detailed guidelines with respect to its interpretation or implementation
 it is uncertain
how these rules will be interpreted and implemented.



    
    


Failure
to comply with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and Chinese anti-corruption laws could subject us to penalties and other
adverse consequences.

As
our shares are listed on OTC Pink Market
 we are subject to the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
 which generally prohibits
United States companies from engaging in bribery or other prohibited payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining
business. Non-U.S. companies
 including some that may compete with us
 may not be subject to these prohibitions. In addition
 in 2012
the central government of the PRC commenced a far-reaching campaign against corruption. That ongoing campaign involves aggressive enforcement
of existing Chinese anti-corruption laws. Corruption
 extortion
 bribery
 pay-offs
 theft and other fraudulent practices may occur from
time-to-time in the PRC. Our employees or other agents may engage in such conduct for which we might be held responsible. If our employees
or other agents are found to have engaged in such practices
 we could suffer severe penalties and other consequences that may have a
material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

SEC
administrative proceedings against the China affiliates of multi-national accounting firms
 and/or any related adverse regulatory development
in the PRC
 may result in our financial statements being determined to not be in compliance with the requirements of the Exchange Act
of 1934
 as amended
 or the Exchange Act.

In
December 2012
 the SEC brought administrative proceedings against five major accounting firms in China alleging that they had refused
to produce audit work papers and other documents related to certain other China-based companies under investigation by the SEC. On January
22
 2014
 an initial administrative law decision was issued
 censuring these accounting firms and suspending four of these firms from
practicing before the SEC for a period of six months. The decision is neither final nor legally effective unless and until reviewed and
approved by the SEC. On February 12
 2014
 four of these PRC-based accounting firms appealed to the SEC against this decision. In February
2015
 each of the four PRC-based accounting firms agreed to a censure and to pay a fine to the SEC to settle the dispute and avoid suspension
of their ability to practice before the SEC. The settlement requires the firms to follow detailed procedures to seek to provide the SEC
with access to Chinese firms&rsquo; audit documents via the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. If the firms do not follow these
procedures
 the SEC could restart the administrative proceedings.

In
the event that the SEC restarts the administrative proceedings or initiates new proceedings against other firms
 depending upon the final
outcome
 listed companies in the United States with major PRC operations may find it difficult or impossible to retain auditors in respect
of their operations in the PRC
 which could result in financial statements being determined to not be in compliance with the requirements
of the Exchange Act
 including possible delisting. Moreover
 any negative news about the proceedings against these audit firms may cause
investor uncertainty regarding China-based
 United States-listed companies and the market price of our shares may be adversely affected.

If
our independent registered public accounting firm was denied
 even temporarily
 the ability to practice before the SEC and we were unable
to timely find another registered public accounting firm to audit and issue an opinion on our financial statements
 our financial statements
could be determined not to be in compliance with the requirements of the Exchange Act. Such a determination could ultimately lead to
our deregistration from the SEC
 which would substantially reduce or effectively terminate the trading of our shares in the United States.

If
our management following our business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws
 they may have to expend time and
resources becoming familiar with such laws
 which could lead to various regulatory issues.

Following
our initial acquisition
 our management will likely resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management
of the target business at the time of the acquisition will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with
United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with these laws
 they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar
with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues
 which may adversely affect our
operations.


    
    


If
we become directly subject to the recent scrutiny
 criticism and negative publicity involving U.S. listed Chinese companies
 we may have
to expend significant resources to investigate and resolve the matter which could harm our business operations and our reputation and
could result in a loss of your investment in our shares
 especially if such matter cannot be addressed and resolved favorably.

U.S.
public companies that have substantially all of their operations in China have been the subject of intense scrutiny
 criticism and negative
publicity by investors
 financial commentators and regulatory agencies
 such as the SEC. Much of the scrutiny
 criticism and negative
publicity has centered around financial and accounting irregularities
 a lack of effective internal controls over financial accounting
inadequate corporate governance policies or a lack of adherence thereto and
 in many cases
 allegations of fraud. As a result of the
scrutiny
 criticism and negative publicity
 the publicly traded stock of many U.S. listed Chinese companies has sharply decreased in
value and
 in some cases
 has become virtually worthless. Many of these companies are now subject to shareholder lawsuits and SEC enforcement
actions and are conducting internal and external investigations into the allegations. It is not clear what effect this sector-wide scrutiny
criticism and negative publicity will have on our company and our business. If we become the subject of any unfavorable allegations
whether such allegations are proven to be true or untrue
 we will have to expend significant resources to investigate such allegations
and/or defend the Company. This situation may be a major distraction to our management. If such allegations are not proven to be groundless
our company and business operations will be severely hampered and your investment in our stock could be rendered worthless.

The
disclosures in our reports and other filings with the SEC and our other public pronouncements are not subject to the scrutiny of any
regulatory bodies in the PRC.

Our
reports and other filings with the SEC are subject to SEC review in accordance with the rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC
under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. Our SEC filings and other disclosure and public pronouncements are not subject to the
review or scrutiny of any PRC regulatory authority. For example
 the disclosure in our SEC reports and other filings are not subject
to the review by CSRC
 a PRC regulator that is tasked with oversight of the capital markets in China. Accordingly
 you should review
our SEC reports
 filings and our other public pronouncements with the understanding that no local regulator has done any review of our
company
 our SEC reports
 other filings or any of our other public pronouncements.

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

Not
applicable to a smaller reporting company.

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES

Our
headquarters are located at Building 22
 Baihui Shoufu
 Xinghuacun Town
 Fenyang City
 Shanxi Province
 China
 where we own the property
with an aggregate floor area of approximately 1561.6 square meters. This includes Huaxin&rsquo;s sales and marketing office
 communication
and business development office and our management and operations facilities.

Huaxin
currently leased from Fenyang Baihui Real Estate Co.
 Ltd. on an arm&rsquo;s length basis
 approximately 50 square meters of office space
at No.2
 Floor
 Block A4
 Baihui Shoufu
 Xinghuacun Town
 Fenyang City
 Shanxi Province
 China under a lease that expired
on September 6
 2019. After the lease expired
 upon mutual agreement by both Huaxin and the landlord
 Huaxin continues to occupy the
office space on a month-to-month tenancy and pay rent monthly.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

Huaxin
also currently leased from Taiyuan Xiangyu Enterprise Management Consulting Co. Ltd. on an arm&rsquo;s length basis
 approximately 100
square meters of office space at No.5
 Unit 1
 Building 2
 No. 343
 Fenyang Road
 Xiaodian District
 Taiyuan City
 Shanxi Province
 China
under a lease that expired on November 9
 2019. After the lease expired
 upon mutual agreement by both Huaxin and the landlord
 Huaxin
continues to occupy the office space on a month-to-month tenancy and pay rent monthly.

Huaxin
also currently leased from Shanxi Zhanpeng Metal Products Co.
 Ltd. on an arm&rsquo;s length basis
 approximately 1
000 square meters
of office space at No. 2
 South Hero Road
 Fenyang City
 Shanxi Province
 China under a lease that expired on March 9
 2021. After the
lease expired
 upon mutual agreement by both Huaxin and the landlord
 Huaxin continues to occupy the office space on a month-to-month
tenancy and pay rent monthly.


    
    


Huaxin
also currently leased from Ms. Jiangmei Guo on an arm&rsquo;s length basis
 approximately 140 square meters of office space at No. 1011
Unit 2
 Unit 1
 Wenxingyuan
 Xiaodian District
 Fenyang City
 Shanxi Province
 China under a lease that expired on December 8
 2019.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; After the lease expired
 upon mutual agreement by both Huaxin and Ms. Jiangmei Guo
 Huaxin continues to occupy
the office space on a month-to-month tenancy and pay rent monthly.

Huaxin
also currently leased from Mr. Genshan Zhao on an arm&rsquo;s length basis
 approximately 60 square meters of office space at Room 915
Wufeng International
 No. 11 Zhenxing Street
 High-Tech Zone
 Taiyuan City
 Shanxi Province
 China under a lease that expired on September
30
 2019. After the lease expired
 upon mutual agreement by both Huaxin and Mr. Genshan Zhao
 Huaxin continues to occupy the office space
on a month-to-month tenancy and pay rent monthly.

Huaxin
also currently leased from Mr. Jianhong Zhang on an arm&rsquo;s length basis
 approximately 50 square meters of office space at Room
903
 9th Floor
 Wufeng International Building
 High-tech Development Zone
 Taiyuan City
 Shanxi Province
 China under a lease that expired
on September 20
 2019. After the lease expired
 upon mutual agreement by both Huaxin and Mr. Jianhong Zhang
 Huaxin continues to occupy
the office space on a month-to-month tenancy and pay rent monthly. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

In
addition
 Huaxin currently leased from Fenyang City Jiudu Xinhua Liquor Trading Center Co.
 Ltd. on an arm&rsquo;s length basis
 approximately
1
200 square meters of warehouse space at South District if Shudao Avenue
 High-Speed Exit
 Xinghua Village
 Fenyang City
 Shanxi Province
China under a lease that expired on January 11
 2020. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; After the lease expired
 upon mutual agreement by both
Huaxin and the landlord
 Huaxin continues to occupy the office space on a month-to-month tenancy and pay rent monthly.

We
believe that our current facilities are adequate and suitable for our operations.

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

Currently
there are no legal proceedings pending or threatened against the Company. However
 from time to time
 we may become involved in various
lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties
 and an
adverse result in these or other matters may arise.

ITEM
4.&nbsp;MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not
applicable.


    
    


PART
II

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES (U.S. Dollars)

Market
Information

There
is a limited public market for our common stock. Our common stock trades on the OTC Pink marketplace under the symbol &ldquo;ORNC&rdquo;.
The OTC Pink marketplace is a quotation service that displays real-time quotes
 last-sale prices
 and volume information in over-the-counter
(&ldquo;OTC&rdquo;) equity securities. An OTC Pink equity security generally is any equity that is not listed or traded on a national
securities exchange.

OTC
Pink securities are not listed or traded on the floor of an organized national or regional stock exchange. Instead
 OTC Pink securities
transactions are conducted through a telephone and computer network connecting dealers in stocks. OTC Pink issuers are traditionally
smaller companies that do not meet the financial and other listing requirements of a regional or national stock exchange.

Price
Range of Common Stock

The
following table shows
 for the periods indicated
 the high and low bid prices per share of our common stock as reported by the OTC Pink
quotation service. These bid prices represent prices quoted by broker-dealers on the OTC Pink quotation service. The quotations reflect
inter-dealer prices
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commissions
 and may not represent actual transactions.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    


Stockholders
of Record

As
of July 5
 2021 there were approximately 54 stockholders &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;of record of our Common Stock.

Preferred
Stock

The
Company does not have any preferred stock
 authorized or issued.



There
are currently no outstanding warrants.



There
are currently no outstanding options.



The
Company has not declared any cash dividends with respect to its Common Stock and does not intend to declared dividends in the foreseeable
future. The future dividend policy of the Company cannot be ascertained with any certainty
 and until the Company completes any acquisition
reorganization or merger
 as to which no assurance may be given
 no such policy will be formulated. There are no material restrictions
limiting
 or that are likely to limit
 the Company&rsquo;s ability to pay dividends on its Common Stock.

Securities
authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans

None;
not applicable&nbsp;

Purchase
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers.



Transfer
Agent and Registrar

Issuer
Direct Corporation (formerly known as &ldquo;Interwest Transfer Company
 Inc.&rdquo;) has been appointed as our transfer agent and registrar
for our Common Stock. Its mailing address is 1981 Murray Holladay Road
 Suite 100 Salt Lake City
 UT 84117 and their phone number is
801-272-9294.

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

Not
applicable to a smaller reporting company.


    
    


ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Chinese Renminbi)

On
June 29
 2018
 Oranco
 Inc. completed and closed a share exchange (the &ldquo;Share Exchange&rdquo;) under a Share Exchange Agreement
(the &ldquo;Share Exchange Agreement&rdquo;)
 entered into by (i) Oranco
 Inc. ( &ldquo;the Company&rdquo;); (ii) Reliant Galaxy International
Limited
 a British Virgin Islands company with limited liability ( &ldquo;Reliant&rdquo;); (ii) and the shareholders of Reliant (&ldquo;Sellers&rdquo;)
pursuant to which Reliant became a wholly owned subsidiary of ours. Pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement
 the company acquired from
the Sellers all of the issued and outstanding equity interests of Reliant in exchange for 349
296
000 newly-issued shares of common stock;
28
000
000 were issued at the closing date of June 29
 2018
 and the remaining 321
296
000 shares were issued to the Sellers on May 29
2019. As a result of the Share Exchange
 the Sellers
 as the former shareholders of Reliant
 became the controlling shareholders of the
Company. The Share Exchange was accounted for under the business combination under common control method of accounting.

On
September 1
 2018
 Fenyang Huaxin Spirit Development Co.. Ltd.
 a subsidiary of the Company
 acquired 20% equity interest in Guangzhou
Silicon Technology Co.
 Ltd.
 a company established in the People&rsquo;s Republic of China. The acquisition of 20% equity interest in
Guangzhou Silicon Technology Co.
 Ltd. was accounted for as an interest in an associate.

As
disclosed in the Form 8-K filed with the SEC on&nbsp;August 7
 2019
 the Company filed a Certificate of Change Pursuant to NRS 78.209
(the &ldquo;Certificate of Change&rdquo;) with the Secretary of State of Nevada to effect a ten-for-one reverse stock split of the issued
and outstanding shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
 par value $0.001 per share (the &ldquo;Reverse Split). The Certificate of
Change was filed on July 22
 2019 and the Reverse Split became effective on August 7
 2019
 and the Common Stock began trading on a reverse
stock split-adjusted basis on The OTC Market on the opening of trading on August 7
 2019. The trading symbol for Company&rsquo;s common
stock will remain as &ldquo;ORNC&rdquo;.





    
Year
Ended June 30

2020
Year
Ended June 30

2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
85
575
034
12
112
360
104
270
083
15
188
650
(18
695
049
    
(3
076
290
    

    
85
575
034
12
112
360
104
270
083
15
188
650
(18
695
049
    
(3
076
290
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
29
358
542
4
155
432
31
073
778
4
526
406
1
715
236
    
370
974
    

    
4
751
174
672
485
3
928
466
572
246
(822
708
    
(100
239
    

    
13
025
714
1
843
670
10
018
732
1
459
393
(3
006
982
    
(384
277
    

    
47
135
430
6
671
587
45
020
976
6
558
045
(2
114
454
    
(113
542
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
198
525
28
099
133
321
19
420
65
204
    
8
679
    

    
148
581
21
030
73
925
10
768
(74
656
    
(10
262
    

    
38
489
548
5
447
842
59
308
503
8
639
257
(20
818
955
    
(3
191
415
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
14
820
454
2
097
699
19
328
073
2
815
451
4
507
619
    
717
752
    

    
23
669
094
3
350
143
39
980
430
5
823
806
(16
311
336
    
(2
473
663
    



    
    






    
Year Ended June 30
 
2020
Year Ended June 30
 
2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
81
119
984
11
481
789
    
96
609
849
14
072
811
    
(15
489
865
    
(2
591
022
    

    
4
455
050
630
571
    
7
660
234
1
115
839
    
(3
205
184
    
(485
268
    

    
85
575
034
12
112
360
    
104
270
083
15
188
650
    
(18
695
049
    
(3
076
290
    


For
the years ended June 30
 2020 and 2019
 revenue generated from our Fenjiu liquor to marketer and wholesaler business USD 11
481
789
and USD14
072
811
 respectively
 which represented an decrease of USD2
591
022 or 18.4%. The decrease of revenue generated from our
Fenjiu liquor to marketer and wholesaler business was mainly due to the decreased sales volume of our Fenjiu liquor products. 

For
the years ended June 30
 2020 and 2019
 revenue generated from our imported wine to marketer and wholesaler business was USD630
571 and
USD1
115
839
 respectively
 which represented a decrease of USD485
268 or 43.5.1%. The Company adopted a strategy to focus on selling
products with relatively higher profit margins and to reduce selling products with relatively lower profit margins. This accounts for
the decrease in our revenue stream. The proportion of the products sold has shifted across the years ended June 30
 2020 and 2019.





    
Year Ended June 30

 2020
Year
Ended June 30

2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
26
754
056
3
786
791
    
28
894
238
4
208
920
    
(2
140
182
    
(422
129
    

    
2
604
486
368
641
    
2
179
540
317
486
    
424
946
    
51
155
    

    
29
358
542
4
155
432
    
31
073
778
4
526
406
    
(1
715
236
    
(370
974
    


For
the years ended June 30
 2020 and 2019
 cost of sales from our Fenjiu liquor to marketer and wholesaler business was USD3
786
791 and
USD4
208
920
 respectively
 which represented an increase of USD422
129 or 10.0%. The decrease of cost of sales was mainly due to decreased
sales volume.

For
the years ended June 30
 2020 and 2019
 cost of sales from our imported wine to marketer and wholesaler business was USD368
641 and USD317
486
respectively
 which represented a increase of USD51
155 or 16.1%. The Company adopted a strategy to focus on selling products with relatively
higher profit margins and to reduce selling products with relatively lower profit margins. This accounted for the decrease in our revenue
stream. The sales proportions on these products were different for the years ended June 30
 2020 and 2019.&nbsp;


    
    


Gross
Profit



    
Year Ended June 30
 
2020
Year Ended June 30
 
2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
54
365
928
7
694
998
    
67
715
611
9
863
891
    
(13
349
683
    
(2
168
893
    

    
1
850
564
261
930
    
5
480
694
798
353
    
(3
630
130
    
(536
423
    

    
56
216
492
7
956
928
    
73
196
305
10
662
244
    
(16
979
813
    
(2
705
316
    


Gross
profit from our Fenjiu liquor to marketer and wholesaler business decreased by USD2
168
893 or 22.0% For the year ended June 30
 2020
as compared to the same period of 2019. The gross profit contribution percentage of Fenjiu liquor was 70.1% (70.1%) For the year ended
June 30
 2020
 as compared to 73.1% (73.1%) for the same period of 2019. The slight decrease in gross profit margin primarily represented
the effect of pricing strategy.

Gross
profit from our imported wine decreased by USD536
423) or 67.2% for the year ended June 30
 2020
 as compared to the same period of 2019.
The overall gross profit contribution percentage of imported wine was slightly decreased that 65.7% was recorded For the year ended June
30
 2020
 as compared to 70.2% for the same period of 2019. The Company adopted a strategy to focus on selling products with relatively
higher profit margins and to reduce selling products with relatively lower profit margins.

Selling
and Distribution Expenses

For
the year ended June 30
 2020
 our selling and distribution expenses were USD 672
485
 representing an&nbsp; increase of USD 100
239 or
17.52%
 as compared to the same period of 2019. The increase was primarily due to increased advertising expenses during the year ended
June 30
 2020
 as compared to the same period of 2019.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

Administrative
Expense

For
the year ended June 30
 2020
 our administrative expenses were USD 1
843
670
 representing an increase of USD 384
277 or 26.3%
 as compared
to that of the same period in 2019. The increase was primarily due to salaries
 foreign exchange differences
 investor relationship expenses
and regulatory fees.

Other
Income

For
the year ended June 30
 2020
 our other income was USD 28
099 representing an increase of USD 8
679 or &nbsp;&nbsp;44.69 %
 as compared
to that of the same period in 2019.

Interest
and Other Financial Charges

For
the year ended June 30
 2020
 our interest and other financial charges were USD 21
030 as compared to interest and other
financial charges of USD 10
768 in the same period of 2019. The increase in interest and other financial charges was
primarily due to the guarantee fee for the loan paid. For the year ended June 30
 2020
 the Company borrowed USD Zero
 as compared to
USD 327
750 for the year ended June 30
 2019.

Income
Taxes

For
the years ended June 30
 2020 and 2019
 our income taxes decreased by USD 717
752 or 25.49% to USD 2
097
699 for the year ended June
30
 2020 from USD 2
815
451 for the year ended June 30
 2019. The decrease in the income taxes was primarily due to decreased
taxable income for the period indicated.



    
    


Liquidity
and Capital Resources

Operating
Activities

Operating
activities generated USD 5
163
892 and USD 4
337
230 of cash in the years of 2020 and 2019
 respectively. The increase of USD
826
662 in 2020 was primarily a result of change in net operating assets in 2020 when compared with 2019.&nbsp;&nbsp;

Net
income decreased by USD 2
473
663 to USD 3
350
143 for the year ended June 30
 2020. 

Activity
from accounts receivable included a net decrease of USD 348
158 compared to a decrease of
USD 273
847 for the years ended June 30
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.

Activity
from deposits
 prepayments and other receivables included a net decrease of USD 1
381
922 compared to a net increase of USD
1
800
573 for the years ended June 30
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

Activity
from receipts in advance
 accruals and other payables included a net decrease of USD 12
574 compared to a net increase of USD 20
664
for the years ended June 30
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.&nbsp;&nbsp;

Activity
from amount due to director included a net increase of USD 740
692 compared to a net decrease of USD 153
938 for the years ended June
30
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

Investing
Activities

Investing
activities used USD49
136 and USD737
958 for the years ended June 30
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.

Cash
of USD 48
446 used in 2020 and Zero used in 2019 respectively were primarily related to the payments for acquisition of ROU assets.

Cash
of USD 690 used in 2020 and USD 737
958 used in 2019 respectively were primarily related to the payments for acquisition of property
plant
 and equipment.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

Financing
Activities

Financing
activities used USD 318
467 for the years ended June 30
 2020 and provided USD 284
050 for the year ended June 30
 2019.

Cash
of USD Nil and USD43
700 used in 2020 and 2019 respectively were primarily related to the payments for acquisition of additional interest
in subsidiary.

Cash
of USD 318
467 used in 2020 and Zero used in 2019 respectively were primarily related to the payments for repayment of bank borrowings.

Cash
of USD Zero and USD327
750 provided in 2020 and 2019 were primarily related to net proceeds of bank borrowings.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

Off-balance
Sheet Commitments and Arrangements

As
of June 30
 2020
 the Company did not have any material off-balance sheet arrangements that had or were reasonably likely to have any
effect on their respective financial condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
capital expenditures or capital resources.&nbsp;&nbsp;


    
    


ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK &nbsp;&nbsp;

Not
applicable to a smaller reporting company.

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

The
consolidated financial statements of the Company are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K beginning on page F-1
 which are incorporated
herein by reference.

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE



ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Evaluation
of disclosure controls and procedures

We
are required to maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in
our reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time
periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission&rsquo;s rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to our management
 including our chief executive officer (also our principal executive officer) and our chief financial officer (also
our principal financial and accounting officer) to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

Pursuant
to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (&ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)
 the Company&rsquo;s management
 including the
Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer (&ldquo;CEO&rdquo;) (the Company&rsquo;s principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer
(&ldquo;CFO&rdquo;) (the Company&rsquo;s principal financial and accounting officer)
 has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this
report. Based upon that evaluation the Company&rsquo;s CEO and CFO concluded that the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective as of June 30
 2020 to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that the Company
files or submits under the Exchange Act
 is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
 within the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s
rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company&rsquo;s management
 including the Company&rsquo;s
CEO and CFO
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The principal basis for this conclusion is the
lack of segregation of duties within our financial function and the lack of an operating audit committee.

Management&rsquo;s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over
financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed
by
 or under the supervision of
 the company&rsquo;s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the company&rsquo;s
board of directors
 management and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America and includes those policies and procedures that:


Apply
to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
of the company;



Provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in
accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and



Provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of the company&rsquo;s
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.



    
    


Because
of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems
 no matter how well designed
have inherent limitations. Therefore
 even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect
to financial statement preparation and presentation. Because of the inherent limitations of internal control
 there is a risk that material
misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However
 these inherent
limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore
 it is possible to design into the process safeguards to
reduce
 though not eliminate
 this risk.

We
carried out an assessment
 under the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our CEO and CFO
 of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our internal controls over financial reporting
 as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934
 as of June 30
 2020. Integrated Framework (2013). Based on that assessment and on those criteria
 our CEO and CFO
concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of June 30
 2020. The principal basis for this conclusion
is failure to engage sufficient resources in regards to our accounting and reporting obligations.&nbsp;&nbsp;

Attestation
Report of Registered Public Accounting Firm

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm
 regarding internal
controls over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting was not subject to such attestation as we are a smaller
reporting company.

Changes
in internal controls

There
was no change in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report
 which has materially
affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal controls over financial reporting

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION



ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS

Not
Applicable.&nbsp;



    
    


PART
III

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

DIRECTORS
AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

The
name
 age and titles of our executive officer and director is as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    

 President and Secretary
    

    
    
    
    



Mr.
Peng Yang took office on January 5
 2018.



Mr.
Sze Lok (Patrick) Wong was appointed as the Company&rsquo;s CFO on December 3
 2018.


Mr.
Yang
 age 30
 has international business and management experience from his positions working with Huaxin
 a company engaged in wine
trading and Reliant Investment (Group) Limited
 an investment company. He has served as the general manager assistant and overseas affairs
manager of Huaxin since 2015 and as limited director of Reliant Investment (Group) Limited since 2016. Mr. Yang is a leading member of
our sophisticated and long-serving management team who has experience in alcohol marketing and has led us through multiple business breakthroughs.
Mr. Yang holds a bachelors of engineering degree
 with honors
 from the University of Auckland in New Zealand in 2016.

Mr.
Wong

 he had served as the CFO of Amax International Holdings Limited since October 2012. From January
2007 to July 2012
 Mr. Wong served as the Senior Manager of Crowe CPA Group. From January 2006 to December 2006
 Mr. Wang served as the
Head of Internal Audit Department of Intac International Company. Mr. Wang is a fellow of Institute of Chartered Accountants in England
&amp; Wales and is a Certified Information Systems Auditor of Information Systems Audit and Control Association. He received his Bachelor
of Accountancy with honors from Hong Kong Polytechnic University. He received his Master of Management from Macquarie Graduate School
of Management.

Director
Independence

We
are not currently subject to listing requirements of any national securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system which has requirements
that a majority of the board of directors be &ldquo;independent&rdquo; and
 as a result
 we are not at this time required to have our
board of directors comprised of a majority of &ldquo;independent directors.&rdquo; None of our directors are independent directors under
the applicable standards.

Family
Relationships

There
are no family relationships among our directors or executive officers.

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings

None
of our directors or executive officers has been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years:


any
bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time
of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time;



any
conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses);



being
subject to any order
 judgment
 or decree
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
 permanently
or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting his or her involvement in any type of business
 securities or banking
activities; or



being
found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action)
 the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated
a federal or state securities or commodities law
 and the judgment has not been reversed
 suspended
 or vacated.



    
    


Board
Committees

The
Company currently has not established any committees of the board of directors. Our board of directors may designate from among its members
an executive committee and one or more other committees in the future. We do not have a nominating committee or a nominating committee
charter. Further
 we do not have a policy with regard to the consideration of any director candidates recommended by security holders.
To date
 other than as described above
 no security holders have made any such recommendations. The entire board of directors performs
all functions that would otherwise be performed by committees. Given the present size of our board
 it is not practical for us to have
committees. If we are able to grow our business and increase our operations
 we intend to expand the size of our board and allocate responsibilities
accordingly.

Audit
Committee Financial Expert

We
have no separate audit committee at this time. The entire board of directors oversees our audits and auditing procedures. Neither of
our directors is an &ldquo;audit committee financial expert&rdquo; within the meaning of Item 407(d)(5) of SEC Regulation S-K.

Compensation
Committee

We
have no separate compensation committee at this time. The entire board of directors oversees the functions which would be performed by
a compensation committee.

Code
of Ethics

The
Company has adopted a code of ethics that applies to the Company&rsquo;s principal executive officer
 principal financial officer
 principal
accounting officer or controller which was attached as Exhibit 99.1 to the March 29
 2004 10KSB for the period ended 12/31/2003.&nbsp;

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION





concerning all cash and non-cash compensation awarded to
 earned by or paid to the named executive officers for services rendered in all
capacities for the fiscal years ended June 30
 2020 and 2019.




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 CEO
    
17
494
    
    
    
    
    
17
494

    
    
18
004
    
    
    
    
    
18
004


 CFO
    
92
375
    
    
    
    
    
92
375

    
    
91
757
    
    
    
    
    
91
757





 none of our employees
is subject to a written employment agreement.


has been granted any option or stock appreciation right. Nor are there compensatory plans or arrangements
 including payments to any officer
in relation to resignation
 retirement
 or other termination of employment
 or any change in control of the Company
 or a change in the
officer&rsquo;s responsibilities following a change in control of the Company.&nbsp;&nbsp;




any cash compensation for service on our Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors or any committee thereof.




    
    


ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

The
following table sets forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of July 5
 2021
 by (i) each stockholder
known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our Common Stock (our only class of voting securities)
 (ii) each of our directors
and executive officers
 and (iii) all of our directors and executive officers as a group. To the best of our knowledge
 except as otherwise
indicated
 each of the persons named in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of our Common Stock
beneficially owned by such person
 except to the extent such power may be shared with a spouse. To our knowledge
 none of the shares
listed below are held under a voting trust or similar agreement
 except as noted. To our knowledge
 there is no arrangement
 including
any pledge by any person of securities of the Company or any of its parents
 the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in
a change in control of the Company.



    
    
 and nature
 of beneficial
 ownership
    

    
    
    


 Suite 2310 PMB# 21
 New York
 NY 10006
32
207
945
    

    
    
    


 Suite 2310 PMB# 21
 New York
 NY 10006
    
    

    
    
    

    
32
207
945
    



Percentage
is calculated based on 41
948
757 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding as of July 5
 2021.



Includes
5
312
153 shares of Common Stock held of record by Million Success Business Limited
 an entity controlled by Peng Yang
 our CEO.


ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
 RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

As
of June 30
 2020
 the Company had an amount of RMB 100
407
646 due to Mr. Peng Yang. As of June 30
 2019
 the Company had an amount of
RMB 13
140
349 due from Mr. Peng Yang
 our director
 and an amount of RMB 109
371
717 due to Mr. Peng Yang. The Company&rsquo;s loan
due to Mr. Peng Yang does not bear interest and are due on demand. These amounts due to and due from Mr. Peng Yang are eligible to net
off against each other.

We
currently have a policy in place for dealing with related party matters.

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES&nbsp;(Chinese Renminbi)

The
following table shows the fees that were billed for the audit and other services for 2020 and 2019.



    
    
    

    
1
273
803
1
360
544

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
273
803
1
360
544


Audit
Fees
 review of financial statements included in our
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection
with engagements for those fiscal years. This category also includes advice on audit and accounting matters that arose during
 or as
a result of
 the audit or the review of interim financial statements.

This
category consists of assurance and related services by the independent registered public accounting firm that is reasonably related to
the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and is not reported above under &ldquo;Audit Fees.&rdquo; The services
for the fees disclosed under this category include consultation regarding our correspondence with the Securities and Exchange Commission
and other accounting consulting.

Tax
Fees
compliance and tax advice. The services for the fees disclosed under this category include tax return preparation and technical tax advice.

All
Other Fees

Our
board of directors has adopted a procedure for pre-approval of all fees charged by our independent registered public accounting firm.
&nbsp;Under the procedure
 the board approves the engagement letter with respect to audit and review services. &nbsp;Other fees are subject
to pre-approval by the board
 or
 in the period between meetings
 by a designated member of the board. &nbsp;Any such approval by the
designated member is disclosed to the entire board at the next meeting. &nbsp;The audit fees that were paid to the auditors with respect
to 2020 were pre-approved by the entire Board of Directors.


    
    


PART
IV

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES


All
financial statements




    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



Financial
Statement Schedules


All
financial statement schedules have been omitted
 since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient
to require submission of the schedule
 or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and notes
thereto included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.







    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Initial
    Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K exhibit 3.1 filed with the SEC on November 18
 1999)

    
    
Articles
    of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K exhibit 3.2 filed with the SEC on November
    18
 1999)

    
    
By-Laws
    (incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K exhibit 3.2 filed with the SEC on November 18
 1999)

    
    
Distribution contract between Shanxi Xinghuacun Liquor Group Spirit Development Zone Sales Co.
 Ltd. and Fenyang Huaxin Spirit Industry Development Co. Ltd. dated June 30
 2020

    
    
Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to our Form 10KSB Exhibit 99.1 filed with the SEC on March 29
 2004)

    
    
Subsidiaries of Oranco
 Inc.

    
    
Certification of Principal Executive Officer
 pursuant to SEC Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a)
 adopted pursuant Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002

    
    
Certification of Principal Financial Officer
 pursuant to SEC Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a)
 adopted pursuant Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002

    
    
Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

    
    
Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

    
    
XBRL
    Instance Document **

101.SCH
    XBRL
    
Taxonomy
    Extension Schema Document **

101.CAL
    XBRL
    
Taxonomy
    Extension Calculation Linkbase Document **

101.DEF
    XBRL
    
Taxonomy
    Extension Definition Linkbase Document **

101.LAB
    XBRL
    
Taxonomy
    Extension Label Linkbase Document XBRL **

101.PRE
    XBRL
    
Taxonomy
    Extension Presentation Linkbase Document **



Previously
filed



Filed
herewith



Furnished
herewith


ITEM
16. FORM 10&ndash;K SUMMARY




    
    




Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



Date:
    August 23
 2021
ORANCO
    INC.

    
    
    

    
    
/s/
    Peng Yang

    
    
Peng
    Yang

    
    
President
    Secretary
 and Director




    
    

















 INC.




 2020

















    
    



 INC.




  
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



    
    





Oranco
 Inc.




Balance Sheets of Oranco
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of June 30
 2020 and 2019
 the related Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income
 the Shareholders&rsquo; Equity and Cash Flows
 for each of the two years in the period ended June 30
 2020
 and the related notes
(collectively referred to as the &ldquo;Consolidated Financial Statements&rdquo;). In our opinion
 the Consolidated Financial Statements
present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of June 30
 2020 and 2019
 and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the two years in the periods ended June 30
 2020
 in conformity with the accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.




responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&rsquo;s Consolidated Financial
Statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (&ldquo;PCAOB&rdquo;) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.


standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged
to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
 we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.


the risks of material misstatement of the Consolidated Financial Statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
Consolidated Financial Statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the Consolidated Financial Statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion.




    
    



since 2018.



 UK

 2021



    
    


ORANCO
 INC.



 except for number of shares and per share
data)



    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
53
163
966
7
744
205
87
050
226
12
321
160

    
6
900
988
1
005
242
12
735
975
1
802
660


 net
32
053
899
4
669
177
29
594
130
4
188
777

    
45
610
523
6
643
922
35
847
104
5
073
827

    
547
180
79
706
652
465
92
350

    
138
276
556
20
142
252
165
879
900
23
478
774

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
1
000
000
145
666
1
000
000
141
541

    
3
124
224
455
095
2
889
438
408
973

    
9
362
240
1
363
764
8
731
727
1
235
897

    
13
486
464
1
964
525
12
621
165
1
786
411

    
151
763
020
22
106
777
178
501
065
25
265
185

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
247
685
36
079
667
451
94
472


 accrued expenses and other current liabilities
5
698
168
830
032
5
787
006
819
097

    
13
392
777
1
950
878
18
625
841
2
636
317

    
3
406
187
496
167
2
983
469
422
283

    
2
250
000
327
749
    
    

    
24
994
817
3
640
905
28
063
767
3
972
169

    
    
    
    
    

    
81
781
805
11
912
863
81
781
805
11
575
463

    
106
776
622
15
553
768
109
845
572
15
547
632

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
50
000
000
50
000
000
50
000
000
50
000
000

    
41
948
748
41
948
748
41
948
748
41
948
748

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
2
765
228
402
801
276
523
39
139

    
    
    
2
488
705
377
538

    
42
221
170
6
150
208
65
890
264
9
300
876

    
44
986
398
6
553
009
68
655
492
9
717
553

    
151
763
020
22
106
777
178
501
065
25
265
185



the consolidated financial statements.&nbsp;


    
    


ORANCO
 INC.



 except for number of
shares and per share data)



    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
104
270
083
15
188
650
85
575
034
12
112
360

    
104
270
083
15
188
650
85
575
034
12
112
360

    
    
    
    
    

    
31
073
778
4
526
406
29
358
542
4
155
432

    
3
928
466
572
246
4
751
174
672
485

    
10
018
732
1
459
393
13
025
714
1
843
670

    
45
020
976
6
558
045
47
135
430
6
671
587

    
    
    
    
    

    
133
321
19
420
198
525
28
099

    
73
925
10
768
148
581
21
030

    
59
308
503
8
639
257
38
489
548
5
447
842

    
    
    
    
    

    
19
328
073
2
815
451
14
820
454
2
097
699

    
39
980
430
5
823
806
23
669
094
3
350
143

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



statements.&nbsp;


    
    


ORANCO
 INC.


EQUITY

 except for number of
shares and per share data)



    
    
    
    
paid-in
 capital
    
 Earnings
    
shareholders&rsquo; equity

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2018
638
708
2
126
520
    
2
240
740
5
005
968

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
39
980
430
39
980
430

    
2
126
520
(2
126
520
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2019
2
765
228
    
    
42
221
170
44
986
398

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2019 (US$)
402
801
    
    
6
150
208
6
553
009

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2019
2
765
228
    
    
42
221
170
44
986
398

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
23
669
094
23
669
094

    
(2
488
705
    
2
488
705
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2020
276
523
    
2
488
705
65
890
264
68
655
492

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2020 (US$)
39
139
    
377
538
9
678
414
9
717
553





 2019
 Oranco
 Inc. effected a one-for-ten
reverse split of its issued common stock (the &ldquo;Reverse Split&rdquo;) and decreased the number of authorized shares of common stock
of the Company (&ldquo;Common Stock&rdquo;) from 500
000
000 to 50
000
000.


the consolidated financial statements.


    
    


ORANCO
 INC.



 except for number of shares and per share
data)&nbsp;



    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
39
980
430
5
823
806
23
669
094
3
350
143

    
    
    
    
    

    
347
684
50
646
1
107
169
156
710


 net of effects of acquisitions:
    
    
    
    

    
445
561
64
903
(5
834
987
(825
889

    
1
879
958
273
847
2
459
769
348
158


 prepayments and other receivables
(12
360
934
(1
800
573
9
763
419
1
381
922

    
203
049
29
577
419
766
59
414


 accruals and other payables
(141
857
(20
664
88
839
12
574

    
477
980
69
626
(422
718
(59
832

    
(1
056
786
(153
938
5
233
064
740
692

    
29
775
085
4
337
230
36
483
415
5
163
892

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(342
277
(48
446

    
(5
066
081
(737
958
(4
878
    

    
(5
066
081
(737
958
(347
155
(49
136

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
(300
000
(43
700
    
    

    
    
    
(2
250
000
(318
467

    
2
250
000
327
749
    
    

    
1
950
000
284
050
(2
250
000
(318
467

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
(219
326

    
26
659
004
3
883
322
33
886
260
4
796
289


 beginning of the year
26
504
962
3
860
883
53
163
966
7
744
205


 end of the year
53
163
966
7
744
205
87
050
226
12
321
160

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
73
925
10
768
19
455
2
754

    
18
903
260
2
753
570
15
261
888
2
160
180



the consolidated financial statements.


    
    


ORANCO
 INC.


 except for number of shares and per share
data)



    
    




    
    
    



 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on June 16
 1977. The Company has been in the business of the development of mineral
deposits. During 1983 all activities were abandoned
 and the Company had remained inactive until June 29
 2018 when it acquired the business
of Reliant Galaxy International Limited (&ldquo;Reliant&rdquo;). The Company and its subsidiaries (the &ldquo;Group&rdquo;) are principally
engaged in marketing and wholesale of own-brand spirits and wine in the People&rsquo;s Republic of China (the &ldquo;PRC&rdquo;).


the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 19
 2018
 the Company entered into a business agreement with Guangzhou Silicon Technology
Co.
 Ltd on August 20
 2018 to have Guangzhou Silicon Technology Co.
 Ltd to develop an anti-counterfeiting laser recognition proprietary
system using blockchain technology.


in note 20 to the consolidated financial statements.



    
    
    



include the financial statements of Oranco
 Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries.


the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to or has rights to variable returns from its involvement
with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated
from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are de-consolidated from the date that control ceases.


have been prepared in accordance with the U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. The Company operates in one reportable
segment and solely within the PRC. Accordingly
 no segment or geographic information has been presented.



    
    
    



consist of cash and cash equivalents
 trade receivables
 deposits
 prepayments and other receivables
 prepaid land lease
 trade payables
receipts in advance
 accruals and other payables
 and bank borrowings. The carrying values of the Group&rsquo;s financial instruments
approximate their fair values
 principally because of the short-term maturity of these instruments or their terms.


instruments.



    
    
    



on hand and highly liquid investments which are unrestricted as to withdrawal or use
 and which have maturities of three months or less
when purchased.



    
    



 INC.


 except for number of shares and per share
data)



    
    




    
    
    



sale of own-brand products
 wine
 and co-branded products with Fenjiu Liquor in the China. Sales of products are for cash or otherwise
agreed-upon credit terms. Our payment terms vary by location and customer. Our customers consist primarily of wholesale distributors.
Our revenue generating activities have a single performance obligation and are recognized at the point in time when control transfers
and our obligation has been fulfilled
 which is when the related goods are delivered to the customer
 depending upon the method of distribution
and shipping terms. We have elected to treat transportation as a fulfillment activity. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration
we expect to receive in exchange for our product. Our sales terms do not allow for a right of return except for matters related to any
manufacturing defects on our part. Certain customers receive cash-based incentives or credits
 which are accounted for as variable consideration.
We estimate these amounts based on the expected amount to be provided to customers and reduce revenues. We believe that there will not
be significant changes to our estimates of variable consideration.



    
    
    



through which we exercise significant influence but do not have control over the investee under the equity method. Our non-marketable
equity securities not accounted for under the equity method are primarily accounted for under the measurement alternative. Under the measurement
alternative
 the carrying value of our non-marketable equity investments is adjusted to fair value for observable transactions for identical
or similar investments of the same issuer or impairment. Adjustments are determined primarily based on a market approach as of the transaction
date and are recorded as a component of other income (expense)
 net. Non-marketable investments that do not have stated contractual maturity
dates are classified as non-current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets



    
    
    



equity investments for impairment. We consider whether impairment indicators exist by evaluating the companies&rsquo; financial and liquidity
position
 access to capital resources and the time since the last adjustment to fair value
 among others. If the assessment indicates
that the investment is impaired
 we write down the investment to its fair value by recording the corresponding charge as a component of
other income (expense)
 net. Fair value is estimated using the best information available
 which may include cash flow projections or
other available market data.



    
    
    



amount the Group expects to collect. The Group maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses. Management considers the
following factors when determining the collectability of specific accounts: historical experience
 creditworthiness of the clients
 aging
of the receivables and other specific circumstances related to the accounts. Allowance for doubtful accounts is made and recorded into
general and administrative expenses based on the aging of trade receivables and on any specifically identified receivables that may become
uncollectible. Trade receivables which are deemed to be uncollectible are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection
have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. The Company takes a write-off of the account balances when the
Company can demonstrate all means of collection on the outstanding balances have been exhausted. For the year ended June 30
 2020
 our
assessment considered the impact of COVID-19 and estimates of expected credit and collectability trends. Volatility in market conditions
and evolving credit trends are difficult to predict and may cause variability and volatility that may have an impact on our allowance
for credit losses in future periods. There is no allowance for doubtful accounts in these Consolidated Financial Statements.



    
    



 INC.


 except for number of
shares and per share data)



    
    




    
    
    



 processing
cost of finished goods and finished products. Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined
using the weighted average method. The Group routinely evaluate the net realizable value of the inventories in light of current market
conditions and market trends and record a write-down against the cost of inventories should the net realizable value falls below the cost.



    
    
    



 plant and equipment are carried
at cost less accumulated depreciation and any recorded impairment. Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the following
estimated useful lives:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    



incurred and asset improvements are capitalized. Consideration is given at each balance sheet date to determine whether there is any indication
of impairment of the carrying amounts of the property
 plant and equipment. The indication could be an unfavorable development of a business
or severe economic slowdown as well as reorganization of the operation. In assessing value in use
 the estimated future cash flows are
discounted to their present value
 based on the time value of money and the risks specific to the country where the assets are located.



    
    
    



from product sale&rsquo;s and is subsequently paid to the PRC tax authorities after netting input VAT on purchases. The excess of output
VAT over input VAT is recognized in other payables
 and the excess of input VAT over output VAT is recognized in other receivables in
the Consolidated Balance Sheets.&nbsp;&nbsp;



    
    
    



at inception. Payments under our lease arrangements are fixed. Lease assets and liabilities are recognized at the present value of the
future lease payments at the lease commencement date. The interest rate used to determine the present value of the future lease payments
is our incremental borrowing rate
 because the interest rate implicit in our leases is not readily determinable. Our incremental borrowing
rate is estimated to approximate the interest rate on a collateralized basis with similar terms and payments
 and in economic environments
where the leased asset is located. Our lease terms include periods under options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably
certain that we will exercise that option. We generally use the base
 non-cancelable
 lease term when determining the lease assets and
liabilities. Lease assets also include any prepaid lease payments and lease incentives. Operating lease assets and liabilities are included
on our Consolidated Balance Sheet beginning July 1
 2019. The current portion of our operating lease liabilities is included in accrued
expenses and other current liabilities. Should there be long term portion
 the non-current lease liabilities will be included in operating
lease liabilities. Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.


    
    



 INC.



 except for number of
shares and per share data)



    
    




    
    
    



conducted in China and as a result
 the functional and reporting currency of the Group is the Chinese Renminbi.


in currencies other than the applicable functional currencies are translated into the functional currencies at the prevailing rates of
exchange at the balance sheet date. Transactions in currencies other than the functional currency are converted into the functional currency
at the applicable rates of exchange prevailing at the transaction dates. Transaction gains and losses are recognized in the consolidated
statements of operations.


of the Company&rsquo;s subsidiaries outside the PRC into the reporting currency
 assets and liabilities are translated from the subsidiaries&rsquo;
functional currencies to the reporting currency at the exchange rate at the balance sheet date. Equity amounts are translated at historical
exchange rates; revenues
 expenses
 and other gains and losses are translated using the average rate for the period. Translation adjustments
are reported as cumulative translation adjustments and are shown as a separate component of other comprehensive income/(loss) in the consolidated
statements of comprehensive income. During 2020 and 2019
 such translation adjustments were not material.


for the year and the exchange rate at the balance sheet date to translate the operating results and financial position
 respectively.




of the reader and are translated at the noon buying rate of US$1.00 to RMB 6.8650 on June 30
 2019 and RMB 7.0651 on June 30
 2020
 representing
the noon buying rate set forth in the H.10 statistical release of the U.S. Federal Reserve Board. No representation is made that the RMB
amounts could have been
 or could be converted
 realized or settled into US$ at such rate or at any other rate.



    
    
    



with the laws and regulations applicable to the Group as enacted by the relevant tax authorities. The impact of an uncertain income tax
position on the income tax return is recognized at the largest amount that is more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon audit of the related
tax authority. An uncertain income tax position will not be recognized if it has less than a 50% likelihood of being sustained. Changes
in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. The Group records interest and penalties
related to unrecognized tax benefits (if any) in interest expenses and general and administrative expenses
 respectively.



    
    
    



 or COVID-19
pandemic has created
 and may continue to create
 significant uncertainty in macroeconomic conditions. The full extent to which the COVID-19
pandemic will directly or indirectly impact the global economy
 the lasting social effects
 and impact on the Company&rsquo;s business
results of operations
 and financial condition will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted.
As of the date of issuance of the financial statements
 the Company is not aware of any specific event of circumstance related to COVID-19
that would require it to update its estimates or judgments or adjust the carrying value of its assets or liabilities. Actual results could
differ from those estimates and any such differences may be material to the consolidated financial statements. As events continue to evolve
and additional information becomes available
 the Company&rsquo;s estimates and assumptions may change materially in future periods.



    
    



 INC.


 except for number of
shares and per share data)



    
    




    
    
    



that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at
the measurement date.


for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded at fair value
 the Group considers the principal or most advantageous
market in which it would transact and it considers assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability.


include cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 other receivables
 accounts payable
 other payables. The Group considers the carrying
amounts approximate fair value because of the short maturity of these financial instruments.



    
    
    



the businesses that we acquire as of the acquisition date. We allocate the purchase price of the acquisitions to the assets acquired and
liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the purchase price over the fair values of identifiable assets
and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Acquisition-related expenses are recognized separately from the business combination and are
expensed as incurred.



    
    
    



or exchange of shares between entities under common control of the Group
 the carrying amounts of the assets and liabilities transferred
shall remain unchanged subsequent to the transaction
 and no gain or loss shall be recorded in the Group&rsquo;s consolidated statements
of operations.



    
    
    



 the
Group is subject to loss contingencies
 such as legal proceedings and claims arising out of its business
 that cover a wide range of matters
including
 among others
 government investigations
 shareholder lawsuits
 and non-income tax matters. An accrual for a loss contingency
is recognized when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. If a potential
material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible
 or is probable but cannot be estimated
 then the nature of the contingent
liability
 together with an estimate of the range of possible loss if determinable and material
 is disclosed.



    
    
    



 2019
 the Company&rsquo;s
board of directors approved an amendment to its certificate of incorporation to effect a split of shares of the issued and outstanding
common at a &lsquo;one share for every ten shares&rsquo; ratio. The stock split was approved by the Company&rsquo;s stockholders and effected
on August 7
 2019.


the common stock and increase additional paid-in capital.


stock amounts contained in these consolidated financial statements have been adjusted to reflect these stock splits for all periods presented.



    
    



 INC.



 except for number of
shares and per share data)



    
    





    
    
    



including costs to develop software products or the software to be sold
 leased or marketed to external users
 before technological feasibility
is reached. Technological feasibility is typically reached shortly before the release of such products and as a result
 development costs
that meet the criteria for capitalization were not material for the periods presented.


costs to develop software to be used solely to meet internal needs. We capitalize development costs related to these software applications
once the preliminary project sage is complete and it is probable that the project will be complete
 and the software will be used to perform
the function intended. Costs capitalized for developing such software applications were not material for the periods presented.



    
    
    



 the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. ASU 2020-06
 Debt&mdash;Debt with Conversion and Other
Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging&mdash;Contracts in Entity&rsquo;s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible
Instruments and Contracts in an Entity&rsquo;s Own Equity
 which simplifies the accounting for certain financial instruments with characteristics
of liabilities and equity
 including convertible instruments and contracts on an entity&rsquo;s own equity. Under current GAAP
 there
are five accounting models for convertible debt instruments. ASU 2020-06 removes from U.S. GAAP the separation models for (1) convertible
debt with a cash conversion feature and (2) convertible instruments with a beneficial conversion feature. As a result
 after adopting
the ASU&rsquo;s guidance
 entities will not separately present in equity an embedded conversion feature in such debt. Instead
 they will
account for a convertible debt instrument wholly as debt
 and for convertible preferred stock wholly as preferred stock (i.e.
 as a single
unit of account)
 unless (1) a convertible instrument contains features that require bifurcation as a derivative under ASC 815 or (2)
a convertible debt instrument was issued at a substantial premium. Additionally
 for convertible debt instruments with substantial premiums
accounted for as paid-in capital
 the FASB decided to add disclosures about (1) the fair value amount and the level of fair value hierarchy
of the entire instrument for public business entities and (2) the premium amount recorded as paid-in capital. ASU 2020-06 will be effective
for public business entities that meet the definition of a Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filer
 excluding entities eligible
to be smaller reporting companies as defined by the SEC
 for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2021
 including interim periods
within those fiscal years. For all other entities
 the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2023
 including
interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted
 but no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15
2020
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of the adoption of
this accounting pronouncement to its financial statements.


accounting pronouncements issued or proposed by the FASB
 which the Company has adopted or will adopt
 as applicable
 the Company does
not believe any of these accounting pronouncements has had or will have a material impact on its consolidated financial position or results
of operations.&nbsp;



    
    



 INC.


 except for number of
shares and per share data)



    
    



and wine products sold to customers less discounts
 returns
 and surcharges.



    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
104
270
083
15
188
650
85
575
034
12
112
360

    
133
321
19
420
198
525
28
099

    
104
403
404
15
208
070
85
773
559
12
140
459



analysis of the revenue is as follows:



    


 2019


 2020

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




  
PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 NET



 plant and equipment
 net
consist of the following:



    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
268
550
39
119
334
631
47
364

    
3
754
625
546
923
3
754
625
531
433

    
66
081
9
626
4
878
    

    
4
089
256
595
668
4
094
134
579
487

    
(965
032
(140
573
(1
204
696
(170
514


 plant and equipment
 net

3
124
224
455
095
2
889
438
408
973




    
    



 INC.


 except for number of
shares and per share data)



    
PREPAID LAND LEASE AND OTHER LEASES
 NET



net
 consists of the following:



    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
5
412
120
1
516
697
10
754
396
1
522
186

    
(502
700
(73
227
(1
370
204
(193
940

    
5
000
000
728
333
    
    


 net
9
909
420
1
443
470
9
384
192
1
328
246




land lease and other lease are analyzed as:



    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
547
180
79
706
652
465
92
350

    
9
362
240
1
363
764
8
731
727
1
235
896

    
9
909
420
1
443
470
9
384
192
1
328
246




of the rights of the use of the land in respect of leasehold land in the People&rsquo;s Republic of China
 on which the Group&rsquo;s
buildings are situated. Prepaid other leases represent the leases of warehouse and offices in the PRC. The prepaid land lease&rsquo; terms
are 70 years
 ending in 2082.


made in full for the lease of a warehouse for 10 years starting from August 12
 2019.



    
    






    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
4
500
125
655
517
8
880
629
1
256
971

    
2
216
931
322
932
3
693
293
522
752

    
183
932
26
793
162
051
22
937

    
6
900
988
1
005
242
12
735
975
1
802
660




    
    




    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
32
053
899
4
669
177
29
594
129
4
188
777

    
32
053
899
4
669
177
29
594
129
4
188
777



to well-established customers ranging from 30 to 150 days. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its accounts receivable. Overdue
accounts receivable are reviewed regularly by the Board of Directors.



    
    



 INC.


 except for number of
shares and per share data)



    
DEPOSITS
 PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES




    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
45
054
919
6
562
989
35
144
544
4
974
387

    
555
604
80
933
702
560
99
440

    
45
610
523
6
643
922
35
847
104
5
073
827




    
    




    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
419
446
61
099
353
758
50
071

    
52
744
520
7
683
106
86
696
468
12
271
089

    
53
163
966
7
744
205
87
050
226
12
321
160



floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates.



    
    




    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
247
685
36
079
667
451
94
472

    
247
685
36
079
667
451
94
472



 the Group
makes payment in advance for the inventories. For the smaller suppliers
 the Group obtains credit terms ranging from 30 to 90 days.


based on the purchases made during the year is as follows:



    


 2019


 2020

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    



 INC.


 except for number of
shares and per share data)



    
RECEIPTS IN ADVANCE
 ACCRUALS AND OTHER PAYABLES



 accruals and other
payables consist of the following:



    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
301
894
43
976
291
877
41
313

    
3
430
703
499
738
3
767
423
533
245

    
466
538
67
959
838
277
118
650

    
1
499
033
218
359
889
430
125
889

    
5
698
168
830
032
5
787
007
819
097




    
    




    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
13
392
777
1
950
878
18
625
841
2
636
317

    
81
781
805
11
912
863
81
781
805
11
575
463

    
95
174
582
13
863
741
100
407
646
14
211
780



is interest-free
 unsecured and repayable on demand.


in instalments over 15 years from 2019 onwards. The Director has not demanded repayment from the Group during the year ended June 30
2020 and will not be seeking repayment that may cause stress on the Group&rsquo;s working capital.



    
    




    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
2
250
000
327
749
    
    

    
2
250
000
327
749
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
2
250
000
327
749
    
    

    
2
250
000
327
749
    
    





    
    



 INC.


 except for number of
shares and per share data)



    
    




    
    
    
    
paid-in
 capital
    

    
    
 shares
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2018
98
191
480
98
191
638
708
321
296
000
321
296
2
126
520
    
    
2
765
228

    
321
296
000
321
296
2
126
520
(321
296
000
(321
296
(2
126
520
    
    
    

    
    
(16
686
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2019
419
487
480
419
487
2
765
228
    
    
    
    
    
2
765
228

    
(377
538
732
(377
538
(2
488
705
    
    
    
377
538
2
488
705
    

    
    
(2
810
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2020
41
948
748
39
139
276
523
    
    
    
377
538
2
488
705
2
765
228



share.





    
    
The 321
296
000 shares at $0.001 per share are part of the consideration of the acquisition of Reliant Galaxy International Limited by the company were issued on May 29
 2019. The aggregated nominal value of the shares is US$321
296.




    
    
On July 22
 2019
 the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment with the Secretary of State of Nevada to effect a reverse stock split of the issued and outstanding shares of its common stock at a ratio of one share for every 10 shares outstanding prior to the effective date of the reverse stock split. All current and historical information contained herein related to the share and per share information for the Company&rsquo;s common stock or stock equivalents reflects the 1-for-10 reverse stock split of the Company&rsquo;s outstanding shares of common stock that became market effective on August 7
 2019. 




    
    



 INC.


 except for number of
shares and per share data)



    
    



USA. The Company has had no taxable income under Federal or State tax laws. The Company has loss carryforwards totaling US$24
581 that
may be offset against future federal income taxes. If not used
 the carryforwards will expire 20 years after they are incurred.


not subject to taxation.


is subject to taxes in Hong Kong. The Hong Kong subsidiary has had no taxable income.


are subject to taxes in China. The applicable PRC statutory income tax rate is 25% according to the Enterprise Income Tax Law.


is set out below:



    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
59
308
503
8
639
258
38
489
548
5
447
842

    
14
827
126
2
159
814
9
548
779
1
361
961

    
(33
323
(4
854
9
372
095
1
326
534

    
4
696
259
684
086
(3
409
008
482
514

    
(161
989
(23
596
(691
412
(97
863

    
19
328
073
2
815
450
14
820
454
2
097
699




    
    



the subsidiaries in the PRC participate in the state-run defined contribution retirement scheme. All employees are entitled to an annual
pension payment equal to a fixed proportion of the average basic salary of the geographical area of their last employment at their retirement
date. The PRC subsidiaries are required to make contributions to the local social security bureau at 29.4% to 37.4% of the previous year&rsquo;s
average basic salary amount of the geographical area where the employees are under employment with the PRC subsidiaries. The Group has
no obligation for the payment of pension benefits beyond the annual contributions.


regulations of the PRC
 the PRC subsidiaries and their employees are each required to make contributions to an accommodation fund at 9%
of the salaries and wages of the employees which are administered by the Public Accumulation Funds Administration Centre. There is no
further obligation for the Group except for such contributions to the accommodation fund. The Group had no significant obligation apart
from the contributions.




    
    



 INC.



 except for number of
shares and per share data)



    
    



 2019
 the Company
adopted ASU&nbsp;2016-02&nbsp;using the modified retrospective method as of the effective date of September&nbsp;30
 2019 (the &ldquo;effective
date method&rdquo;). Under the effective date method
 financial results reported prior to 2019 are unchanged. In transition to the new
lease guidance
 the Company elected the package of practical expedients permitted under the transition guidance within the new standard
that allowed the Company to not reassess whether a contract is or contains a lease
 lease classification and initial direct costs; however
the Company did not elect the hindsight transitional practical expedient. The Company has also elected the practical expedient to not
account for lease components (e.g.
 fixed payments including rent
 real estate taxes and insurance costs) separately from the non-lease
components. After assessment of the cumulative impact of adopting ASU&nbsp;2016-02
&nbsp;it was determined that the cumulative effect
adjustment required under the new guidance was immaterial and therefore the Company did not record a retrospective adjustment to the opening
balance of retained earnings at September 30
 2020. The Company recognized additional short-term operating lease&nbsp;right-of-use&nbsp;assets
of $0.043 million and lease liabilities of $0.053&nbsp;million as of June 30
 2020.


of operating leases for offices and staff residence. The Company&rsquo;s leases generally have remaining lease terms of 3 months to 1
years and some of which include options to terminate the leases within 1 year. These leases do not have rent escalation holidays
 concessions
leasehold improvement incentives
 or other&nbsp;build-out&nbsp;clauses. Further
 the leases do not contain contingent rent provisions.&nbsp;


leases and the Company&rsquo;s Consolidated Financial Statements is as follows:



    
June
30

RMB

    
299
491




    



    
    

    
    

    
    




    
June 30


    
42
784

    
(53
306



payments under non-cancellable operating lease payable as follows:&nbsp;



    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
62
305
9
076
53
306
7
545

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
62
305
9
076
53
306
7
545




    
    



 INC.


 except for number of
shares and per share data)


RELATED
PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS



transactions with related party balance during the financial periods:



    

 
2019

 
2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
13
392
777
1
950
878
18
625
841
2
636
317

    
81
781
805
11
912
863
81
781
805
11
575
463

    
95
174
582
13
863
741
100
407
646
14
211
780



to director
 Mr. Peng Yang
 for the year ended as at June 30
 2020.



    
    



neither the Group nor the Company had any significant contingent liabilities.



    
    




    
    
 incorporation
    
Attributable
Equity
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    

 2017

100
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
 On February 1
 2007
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 Ltd.

 2004

650
000
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 Ltd.

 2013

000
000
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 Ltd.

 2013

000
000 and Paid-in capital of RMB 5
000
000
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 Ltd.

 2018

000
000
    
    






    
    
The subsidiary was registered with payable share capital and the Company committed to pay up its share of the issued capital in the amount of RMB 510
000 on March 31
 2037
 which is 20 years from the date of incorporation permitted by the Regulation of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China on Company Registration. The amount due to the subsidiary is interest-free and unsecured.




    
    



 INC.


 except for number of
shares and per share data)




    
    




    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 Ltd

 2015

000
000
    

 sale and provision of software solutions






    
    
On September 1
 2018
 Fenyang Huaxin Spirit Development Co.
 Ltd acquired 20% of Guangzhou Silicon Technology Co.
 Ltd which then became an associate of the Company.
















 LTD. AND FENYANG HUAXIN SPIRIT INDUSTRY DEVELOPMENT CO. LTD. DATED JUNE 30
 2020



     





Ltd.




Development Zone Sales Co.
 Ltd. (Fenjiu Group)


Co. Ltd..


Law of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China and other relevant laws and administrative regulations
 Party A and Party B shall follow the
principles of equality
 voluntariness
 fairness and good faith.




Fenjiu Group&rsquo;s &ldquo;Xinghua Village&rdquo; Da Gang Jiu&rdquo; products nationwide. Party A and Party B will jointly negotiate
and improve the product line of Fenjiu Group&rsquo;s &ldquo;Xinghua Village&rdquo; Da Gang Jiu series. Party B will be responsible for
the promotion
 promotion
 display
 and promotion of products.




 Fenjiu Group &ldquo;Xinghua Village&rdquo;
large spirit base spirit supply strictly implement the price recognized by both A and B. Among them
 Party A&rsquo;s exit price will be
adjusted from time to time due to market changes
 and the specific price will be determined based on each purchase order.


 Party A
 B and Fenjiu Group &ldquo;Xinghua
Village&rdquo; Da Gang Jiu product price system&rsquo; was jointly negotiated and formulated. Before the product was listed
 Party B reported
the regional agency price and retail guide price to ensure that the market price was stable
 and the &ldquo;Xinghua Village&rdquo; was
continuously promoted. Da Gang Jiu series product image.




deposit of Nil without any credit guarantee
 and Party B shall return to Party B the full amount of the credit guarantee paid by Party
B upon termination of the agency.




 (1) During the term of this year&rsquo;s contract
that is
 from June 30
 2020 to June 29
 2023
 the contract amount is RMB15 million (the sum of the two contracts) completed


a bank acceptance draft with a term of less than six months may be used. Each acceptance shall not exceed 50 % of the contract amount.




to the monthly quarterly time node
 and the production plans and arrangements for purchase are strictly in accordance with the decomposition
figures. Party A shall have the right to cancel Party B&rsquo;s distribution qualification and cancel this contract if 80 % of the sales
tasks stipulated in the contract are completed.




 Party A shall have the exclusive right
 patent
right and copyright of the trademarks
 such as the characters
 marks and drawings marked &ldquo;Fenjiu Group&rdquo; and &ldquo;Xinghua
Village&rdquo; series of standard marks on the packaging of the products.


 Where Party B leads or participates in the
packaging design
 Party A shall require Party B to ensure that the packaging design (including the shape of a bottle) does not infringe
upon the lawful rights of others. In case of infringement
 Party A shall not bear the responsibility and Party B shall bear all the responsibility.



    
    



 Party A ensures that the products provided
meet the product quality standards of the liquor industry in China and ensure long-term and stable product quality. Party A shall be responsible
for compensation if losses are caused to Party B and third parties due to the quality of the products provided by Party A.


 A shall invoice Party B for settlement.


 Party A coordinates and authorizes Party B
to use the words &ldquo;Fenjiu Group&rdquo;
 &ldquo;Xinghua Village&rdquo; trademark
 &ldquo;Shanxi Xinghua Village Fenjiu Group Liquor
Development Zone Co.
 Ltd.&rdquo;
 &ldquo;Shanxi Xinghua Village Fenjiu Group Co.
 Ltd.&rdquo; Chinese and English words
 etc.
 and when
necessary for package printing or market promotion
 Provide relevant procedures and certificates to Party B.


 The name
 container and packaging of the words
&ldquo;Da Gang Jiu&rdquo; shall belong to the exclusive use of Party B. Party A shall not supply other customers as trade names and publicity.


 Party B shall provide the bar code and Anti-Counterfeiting
system for the customized products of the &ldquo;Da Gang Jiu&rdquo; by Party A.




 Party B may
 in accordance with the needs
of the market and the needs of consumers
 and in accordance with the relevant provisions of Party A and with the consent of Party A
 carry
out the pre-product packaging design work. After being examined and confirmed by Party A and the relevant departments of the shareholders
the production work instructions are issued and the formal production procedures are entered. At the same time
 Party B shall not counterfeit
or counterfeit Party A&rsquo;s brand products. Once found out
 Party B will be punished in accordance with the relevant provisions for
making fake sales and shall be investigated for its legal responsibility.


 Party B shall
 according to the marketing
situation
 report to Party A the production plan according to the procedures stipulated by Party A and carry out the advance payment policy.


 Party B may
 in accordance with the business
strategy of the enterprise
 formulate a commodity promotion plan in order to speed up the turnover and sale of the commodities. However
the promotion plan must be reported in advance to the relevant departments of Party A for examination and approval and for the record.
In the advertising and marketing activities of the product
 we must contact the relevant departments of Party A in advance and verify
and approve it before proceeding.


 Party B shall not assign the contract without
the written consent of Party A.


 Party B shall be subject to supervision and
inspection by Party A and the relevant Department&rsquo;s market inspectors
 implement Party A&rsquo;s market management regulations
and submit to Party A&rsquo;s overall coordination arrangements.




 Location of supply: Party A&rsquo;s designated
warehouse


 The term of this contract is from June 30
2020 to June 29
 2023. If the contract is renewed
 the two parties must agree on the terms of contract cooperation for the next year before
June 29 of each year and sign a cooperation contract for the next year.


 contract signing place: Shanxi Province Fenyang
City Xinghua Village




 Any party that proposes to terminate this
contract shall notify the other party in writing 30 days in advance
 and the contract shall be terminated on the date fixed by the parties
through consultation.



    
    



 Party A shall have the right to cancel the
contract unilaterally if Party B appears in one of the following cases.


4 or 6 of this Contract exist;


or suspended by the competent administrative Department of the government
 or when other cases of loss of legal business status or qualifications
have occurred;


 a proceeding
in liquidation
 or a situation of insolvency or insolvency
 or other circumstances where there are substantial grounds for believing that
the financial situation has deteriorated or that there is a possibility;


obligations herein to a third party without the written consent of Party A.


 After the termination of the contract
 the
handling of the package materials and products shall be handled in accordance with the relevant regulations and procedures of Party A.
Return all or the rest of the deposit after all the remaining issues including the product have been resolved.




 Both parties should strictly abide by the
terms of the agreement. If either party defaults
 it will compensate the other party for the actual economic losses caused by it.


 In the event of force majeure affecting the
normal performance of this contract
 the two parties shall not be held responsible for each other. When the normal performance of this
contract is affected by major national policy adjustments or changes in raw material prices
 both parties shall consult and revise the
supplementary clauses in a timely manner
 all of which shall have the same legal effect.


 If Party A makes price adjustment due to changes
in cost
 Party B agrees to resign the contract.


 The people&rsquo;s court of the place where
this contract is concluded shall accept the dispute arising from the execution of this contract.


 each party holds
two copies
 effective from the date of signature and seal of the legal representative (principal agent) of both parties.



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




    
    





Development Zone Sales Co.
 Ltd..


Co. Ltd..


advantages
 Party A and Party B
 after friendly consultation and in accordance with the principle of &ldquo;sincere cooperation and benefit
sharing&rdquo;
 in accordance with relevant laws and regulations
 have reached a cost contract on related matters. The contract contents
are as follows:




to the production technology and standard of the pure liquor. It conforms to the product quality standards of the liquor industry in China
and ensures long-term and stable product quality. Party A shall sell to Party B
 Party B shall act as Party A&rsquo;s distributor of this
Contract and shall sell it within the scope of whole China.


 2017
to June 29
 2020. If the contract is renewed after the expiration of the contract
 Party B shall have priority under the same conditions.




RMB10 million.


in the contract within the term of the contract from June 30
 2017 to June 29
 2020
 and Party A shall perform the assessment. Party A
shall have the right to cancel Party B&rsquo;s distribution qualification and cancel this contract if 80 % of the sales target is not
reached.





    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



 Party A&rsquo;s exit price will be
adjusted from time to time due to market condition
 and the specific price will be determined based on each purchase order.



    
    





 Party A shall
after receiving the corresponding payment from Party B
 organize the delivery according to the principle of first payment and then goods.
A shall invoice Party B for settlement.




 marketing
brand promotion and other activities must conform to Party A&rsquo;s brand strategic plan
 and be reviewed and filed by the marketing
department of Party A shareholders before implementation. The audit and filing time shall not exceed 15 days.


to use the words &ldquo;Fenjiu Group&rdquo;
 &ldquo;Xinghua Village&rdquo; trademark
 &ldquo;Shanxi Xinghua Village Fenjiu Group Liquor
Development Zone Co.
 Ltd.&rdquo;
 &ldquo;Shanxi Xinghua Village Fenjiu Group Co.
 Ltd.&rdquo; Chinese and English words
 etc.
 and when
necessary for market promotion
 Provide relevant procedures and certificates to Party B.




of Nil without any credit guarantee. Party B shall pay the credit guarantee to Party B at the termination of the agency. (If Party B owes
Party A payment
 A may deduct it from Party B&rsquo;s credit guarantee).




 the breaching party
shall be liable to the breaching party for the resulting economic losses.




the course of the execution of this Contract shall first be settled through friendly consultation.


the place where Party A.




 For matters not covered by this contract
 the
parties shall negotiate and conclude supplementary agreements separately
 which shall have the same legal effect as this contract.


 this contract is full of forms
 and both parties
to A and B hold two copies
 effective from the date of signature and seal of both parties.



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
















 INC



     


Exhibit
21.1

Subsidiaries
of the Registrant



    
    
Place
    of Incorporation

Reliant
    Galaxy International Limited
    
British
    Virgin Islands

    
    
    

Sure
    Rich Investment (Group) Limited
    
Hong
    Kong

    
    
    

Fujian
    Jinou Trading Co.
 Ltd.
    
    

    
    
    

Fenyang
    Huaxin Spirit Development Co.
 Ltd.
    
    

    
    
    

Fenyang
    Jinqiang Spirit Co.
 Ltd.
    
    

    
    
    

Beijing
    Huaxin Tianchuang Enterprise Management Consulting Co.
 Ltd.
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Place
    of Incorporation

Guangzhou
    Silicon Technology Co.
 Ltd 
    
PRC
    &nbsp;














     



Exhibit
31.1

CERTIFICATION
OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
Peng Yang
 certify that:


I
have reviewed this Form 10-K of Oranco
 Inc.;



Based
on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report;



Based
on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;



The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:



Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those
entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;



Designed
such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;



Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and



Disclosed
in this report any change in the Registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant&rsquo;s
most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and



The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting
 to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions):



All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and



Any
fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting.




Date:
    August 23
 2021
    
/s/
    Peng Yang

    
    
Peng
    Yang

    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer
    (Principal Executive Officer)














     


Exhibit
31.2

CERTIFICATION
OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
Sze Lok (Patrick) Wong
 certify that:


I
have reviewed this Form 10-K of Oranco
 Inc.;



Based
on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report;



Based
on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;



The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:



Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those
entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;



Designed
such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;



Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and



Disclosed
in this report any change in the Registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant&rsquo;s
most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and



The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting
 to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions):



All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and



Any
fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting.




Date:
    August 23
 2021
    
/s/
    Sze Lok (Patrick) Wong

    
    
Sze
    Lok (Patrick) Wong

    
    
Chief
    Financial Officer
    (Principal Financial Officer)















     


Exhibit
32.1

CERTIFICATIONS
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT
TO
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
Peng Yang
 certify
 as of the date hereof
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002
 that the Annual Report of Oranco
 Inc. on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;30
 2020 fully complies with the
requirements of Section&nbsp;13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Form 10-K fairly
presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Oranco
 Inc. at the dates and for the periods
indicated.

Date:
August 23
 2021



    
    
/s/&nbsp;Peng
    Yang

    
    
Peng
    Yang

    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer














     


Exhibit
32.2

CERTIFICATIONS
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT
TO
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
Sze Lok (Patrick) Wong
 certify
 as of the date hereof
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&nbsp;906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that the Annual Report of Oranco
 Inc. on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30
 2020 fully
complies with the requirements of Section&nbsp;13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in
such Form 10-K fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Oranco
 Inc. at the dates
and for the periods indicated.

Date:
August 23
 2021



    
    
/s/
    Sze Lok (Patrick) Wong

    
    
Sze
    Lok (Patrick) Wong

    
    
Chief
    Financial Officer


A
signed original of this written statement required by Section&nbsp;906 has been provided to Oranco
 Inc.&nbsp;and will be retained by
Oranco
 Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.



















      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      


      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      



    


    


    




        


        






        


        




    




 2019
 Oranco
 Inc. effected a one-for-ten reverse split of its issued common stock (the &#8220;Reverse Split&#8221;) and decreased the number of authorized shares of common stock of the Company (&#8220;Common Stock&#8221;) from 500
000
000 to 50
000
000.












296
000 shares at $0.001 per share are part of the consideration of the acquisition of Reliant Galaxy International Limited by the company were issued on May 29
 2019. The aggregated nominal value of the shares is US$321
296.




















 2019
 the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment with the Secretary of State of Nevada to effect a reverse stock split of the issued and outstanding shares of its common stock at a ratio of one share for every 10 shares outstanding prior to the effective date of the reverse stock split. All current and historical information contained herein related to the share and per share information for the Company&#8217;s common stock or stock equivalents reflects the 1-for-10 reverse stock split of the Company&#8217;s outstanding shares of common stock that became market effective on August 7
 2019.




















000 on March 31
 2037
 which is 20 years from the date of incorporation permitted by the Regulation of the People&#8217;s Republic of China on Company Registration. The amount due to the subsidiary is interest-free and unsecured.



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  



  
  
  
  



  


  
  


  
  



  
  
  

  


  

  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;1.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;SUMMARY OF BUSINESS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Description of Business&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Oranco
 Inc. (the &amp;#x201c;Company&amp;#x201d;)
was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on June 16
 1977. The Company has been in the business of the development of mineral
deposits. During 1983 all activities were abandoned
 and the Company had remained inactive until June 29
 2018 when it acquired the business
of Reliant Galaxy International Limited (&amp;#x201c;Reliant&amp;#x201d;). The Company and its subsidiaries (the &amp;#x201c;Group&amp;#x201d;) are principally
engaged in marketing and wholesale of own-brand spirits and wine in the People&amp;#x2019;s Republic of China (the &amp;#x201c;PRC&amp;#x201d;).&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;As disclosed in the Form 8-K filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 19
 2018
 the Company entered into a business agreement with Guangzhou Silicon Technology
Co.
 Ltd on August 20
 2018 to have Guangzhou Silicon Technology Co.
 Ltd to develop an anti-counterfeiting laser recognition proprietary
system using blockchain technology.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Details of the subsidiaries are set out
in note 20 to the consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; padding-right: 0.8pt; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; padding-right: 0.8pt; text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(b)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-right: 0.8pt; text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Basis of consolidation and presentation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;The Consolidated Financial Statements
include the financial statements of Oranco
 Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Subsidiaries are all entities over which
the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to or has rights to variable returns from its involvement
with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated
from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are de-consolidated from the date that control ceases.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with the U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. The Company operates in one reportable
segment and solely within the PRC. Accordingly
 no segment or geographic information has been presented.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; padding-right: 0.8pt; text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; padding-right: 0.8pt; text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(c)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-right: 0.8pt; text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Financial instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Financial instruments of the Group primarily
consist of cash and cash equivalents
 trade receivables
 deposits
 prepayments and other receivables
 prepaid land lease
 trade payables
receipts in advance
 accruals and other payables
 and bank borrowings. The carrying values of the Group&amp;#x2019;s financial instruments
approximate their fair values
 principally because of the short-term maturity of these instruments or their terms.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;The Group has no derivative financial
instruments.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; padding-right: 0.8pt; text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; padding-right: 0.8pt; text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(d)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-right: 0.8pt; text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash
on hand and highly liquid investments which are unrestricted as to withdrawal or use
 and which have maturities of three months or less
when purchased.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(e)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Revenue recognition &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Our revenue consists primarily of the
sale of own-brand products
 wine
 and co-branded products with Fenjiu Liquor in the China. Sales of products are for cash or otherwise
agreed-upon credit terms. Our payment terms vary by location and customer. Our customers consist primarily of wholesale distributors.
Our revenue generating activities have a single performance obligation and are recognized at the point in time when control transfers
and our obligation has been fulfilled
 which is when the related goods are delivered to the customer
 depending upon the method of distribution
and shipping terms. We have elected to treat transportation as a fulfillment activity. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration
we expect to receive in exchange for our product. Our sales terms do not allow for a right of return except for matters related to any
manufacturing defects on our part. Certain customers receive cash-based incentives or credits
 which are accounted for as variable consideration.
We estimate these amounts based on the expected amount to be provided to customers and reduce revenues. We believe that there will not
be significant changes to our estimates of variable consideration.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(f)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Non-Marketable Investments &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;We account for non-marketable equity investments
through which we exercise significant influence but do not have control over the investee under the equity method. Our non-marketable
equity securities not accounted for under the equity method are primarily accounted for under the measurement alternative. Under the measurement
alternative
 the carrying value of our non-marketable equity investments is adjusted to fair value for observable transactions for identical
or similar investments of the same issuer or impairment. Adjustments are determined primarily based on a market approach as of the transaction
date and are recorded as a component of other income (expense)
 net. Non-marketable investments that do not have stated contractual maturity
dates are classified as non-current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(g)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Impairment of Investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;We periodically review our non-marketable
equity investments for impairment. We consider whether impairment indicators exist by evaluating the companies&amp;#x2019; financial and liquidity
position
 access to capital resources and the time since the last adjustment to fair value
 among others. If the assessment indicates
that the investment is impaired
 we write down the investment to its fair value by recording the corresponding charge as a component of
other income (expense)
 net. Fair value is estimated using the best information available
 which may include cash flow projections or
other available market data.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(h)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Accounts receivable and allowance for credit loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Accounts receivables are stated at the
amount the Group expects to collect. The Group maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses. Management considers the
following factors when determining the collectability of specific accounts: historical experience
 creditworthiness of the clients
 aging
of the receivables and other specific circumstances related to the accounts. Allowance for doubtful accounts is made and recorded into
general and administrative expenses based on the aging of trade receivables and on any specifically identified receivables that may become
uncollectible. Trade receivables which are deemed to be uncollectible are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection
have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. The Company takes a write-off of the account balances when the
Company can demonstrate all means of collection on the outstanding balances have been exhausted. For the year ended June 30
 2020
 our
assessment considered the impact of COVID-19 and estimates of expected credit and collectability trends. Volatility in market conditions
and evolving credit trends are difficult to predict and may cause variability and volatility that may have an impact on our allowance
for credit losses in future periods. There is no allowance for doubtful accounts in these Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(i)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Inventory consists of raw materials
 processing
cost of finished goods and finished products. Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined
using the weighted average method. The Group routinely evaluate the net realizable value of the inventories in light of current market
conditions and market trends and record a write-down against the cost of inventories should the net realizable value falls below the cost.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(j)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Property and equipment &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment are carried
at cost less accumulated depreciation and any recorded impairment. Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the following
estimated useful lives:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; width: 33%; font-weight: bold; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Category&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; width: 33%; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&quot;&gt;Estimated useful life&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; width: 32%; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&quot;&gt;Estimated residual values&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;Building&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;20 years&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;0-10%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;Computer and office equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;3 years&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;0-10%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;Leasehold improvement&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;3&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;Over the shorter of lease term or the estimated useful lives of the assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Repairs and maintenance are expensed as
incurred and asset improvements are capitalized. Consideration is given at each balance sheet date to determine whether there is any indication
of impairment of the carrying amounts of the property
 plant and equipment. The indication could be an unfavorable development of a business
or severe economic slowdown as well as reorganization of the operation. In assessing value in use
 the estimated future cash flows are
discounted to their present value
 based on the time value of money and the risks specific to the country where the assets are located.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(k)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;VAT and VAT refund&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;VAT on sales is charged at 13% on revenue
from product sale&amp;#x2019;s and is subsequently paid to the PRC tax authorities after netting input VAT on purchases. The excess of output
VAT over input VAT is recognized in other payables
 and the excess of input VAT over output VAT is recognized in other receivables in
the Consolidated Balance Sheets.&amp;#xa0;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(l)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Operating leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;We determine if an arrangement is a lease
at inception. Payments under our lease arrangements are fixed. Lease assets and liabilities are recognized at the present value of the
future lease payments at the lease commencement date. The interest rate used to determine the present value of the future lease payments
is our incremental borrowing rate
 because the interest rate implicit in our leases is not readily determinable. Our incremental borrowing
rate is estimated to approximate the interest rate on a collateralized basis with similar terms and payments
 and in economic environments
where the leased asset is located. Our lease terms include periods under options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably
certain that we will exercise that option. We generally use the base
 non-cancelable
 lease term when determining the lease assets and
liabilities. Lease assets also include any prepaid lease payments and lease incentives. Operating lease assets and liabilities are included
on our Consolidated Balance Sheet beginning July 1
 2019. The current portion of our operating lease liabilities is included in accrued
expenses and other current liabilities. Should there be long term portion
 the non-current lease liabilities will be included in operating
lease liabilities. Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(m)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Foreign currency translation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;All of the Group&amp;#x2019;s operations are
conducted in China and as a result
 the functional and reporting currency of the Group is the Chinese Renminbi.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Monetary assets and liabilities denominated
in currencies other than the applicable functional currencies are translated into the functional currencies at the prevailing rates of
exchange at the balance sheet date. Transactions in currencies other than the functional currency are converted into the functional currency
at the applicable rates of exchange prevailing at the transaction dates. Transaction gains and losses are recognized in the consolidated
statements of operations.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;In translating the financial statements
of the Company&amp;#x2019;s subsidiaries outside the PRC into the reporting currency
 assets and liabilities are translated from the subsidiaries&amp;#x2019;
functional currencies to the reporting currency at the exchange rate at the balance sheet date. Equity amounts are translated at historical
exchange rates; revenues
 expenses
 and other gains and losses are translated using the average rate for the period. Translation adjustments
are reported as cumulative translation adjustments and are shown as a separate component of other comprehensive income/(loss) in the consolidated
statements of comprehensive income. During 2020 and 2019
 such translation adjustments were not material.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;The Group uses the average exchange rate
for the year and the exchange rate at the balance sheet date to translate the operating results and financial position
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Convenience translation&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Amounts in US$ are presented for the convenience
of the reader and are translated at the noon buying rate of US$1.00 to RMB 6.8650 on June 30
 2019 and RMB 7.0651 on June 30
 2020
 representing
the noon buying rate set forth in the H.10 statistical release of the U.S. Federal Reserve Board. No representation is made that the RMB
amounts could have been
 or could be converted
 realized or settled into US$ at such rate or at any other rate.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(n)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Income taxes are provided for in accordance
with the laws and regulations applicable to the Group as enacted by the relevant tax authorities. The impact of an uncertain income tax
position on the income tax return is recognized at the largest amount that is more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon audit of the related
tax authority. An uncertain income tax position will not be recognized if it has less than a 50% likelihood of being sustained. Changes
in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. The Group records interest and penalties
related to unrecognized tax benefits (if any) in interest expenses and general and administrative expenses
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(o)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;COVID-19 impact&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 70.9pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;The novel coronavirus
 or COVID-19
pandemic has created
 and may continue to create
 significant uncertainty in macroeconomic conditions. The full extent to which the COVID-19
pandemic will directly or indirectly impact the global economy
 the lasting social effects
 and impact on the Company&amp;#x2019;s business
results of operations
 and financial condition will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted.
As of the date of issuance of the financial statements
 the Company is not aware of any specific event of circumstance related to COVID-19
that would require it to update its estimates or judgments or adjust the carrying value of its assets or liabilities. Actual results could
differ from those estimates and any such differences may be material to the consolidated financial statements. As events continue to evolve
and additional information becomes available
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s estimates and assumptions may change materially in future periods.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(o)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fair value measurement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;The Group defines fair value as the price
that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at
the measurement date.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;When determining the fair value measurements
for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded at fair value
 the Group considers the principal or most advantageous
market in which it would transact and it considers assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;The Group&amp;#x2019;s financial instruments
include cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 other receivables
 accounts payable
 other payables. The Group considers the carrying
amounts approximate fair value because of the short maturity of these financial instruments.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(p)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Business combinations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;We include the results of operations of
the businesses that we acquire as of the acquisition date. We allocate the purchase price of the acquisitions to the assets acquired and
liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the purchase price over the fair values of identifiable assets
and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Acquisition-related expenses are recognized separately from the business combination and are
expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(q)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Transactions between entities under common control&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;When accounting for a transfer of assets
or exchange of shares between entities under common control of the Group
 the carrying amounts of the assets and liabilities transferred
shall remain unchanged subsequent to the transaction
 and no gain or loss shall be recorded in the Group&amp;#x2019;s consolidated statements
of operations.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(r)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Commitments and contingencies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;In the normal course of business
 the
Group is subject to loss contingencies
 such as legal proceedings and claims arising out of its business
 that cover a wide range of matters
including
 among others
 government investigations
 shareholder lawsuits
 and non-income tax matters. An accrual for a loss contingency
is recognized when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. If a potential
material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible
 or is probable but cannot be estimated
 then the nature of the contingent
liability
 together with an estimate of the range of possible loss if determinable and material
 is disclosed.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(s)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Stock split&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;On July 22
 2019
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s
board of directors approved an amendment to its certificate of incorporation to effect a split of shares of the issued and outstanding
common at a &amp;#x2018;one share for every ten shares&amp;#x2019; ratio. The stock split was approved by the Company&amp;#x2019;s stockholders and effected
on August 7
 2019.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;We record the reverse stock split to reduce
the common stock and increase additional paid-in capital.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;All issued and outstanding shares of common
stock amounts contained in these consolidated financial statements have been adjusted to reflect these stock splits for all periods presented.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(t)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Software Development Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;We expense software development costs
including costs to develop software products or the software to be sold
 leased or marketed to external users
 before technological feasibility
is reached. Technological feasibility is typically reached shortly before the release of such products and as a result
 development costs
that meet the criteria for capitalization were not material for the periods presented.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Software development costs also include
costs to develop software to be used solely to meet internal needs. We capitalize development costs related to these software applications
once the preliminary project sage is complete and it is probable that the project will be complete
 and the software will be used to perform
the function intended. Costs capitalized for developing such software applications were not material for the periods presented.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(u)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 70.9pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;In August 2020
 the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (&amp;#x201c;FASB&amp;#x201d;) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. ASU 2020-06
 Debt&amp;#x2014;Debt with Conversion and Other
Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging&amp;#x2014;Contracts in Entity&amp;#x2019;s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible
Instruments and Contracts in an Entity&amp;#x2019;s Own Equity
 which simplifies the accounting for certain financial instruments with characteristics
of liabilities and equity
 including convertible instruments and contracts on an entity&amp;#x2019;s own equity. Under current GAAP
 there
are five accounting models for convertible debt instruments. ASU 2020-06 removes from U.S. GAAP the separation models for (1) convertible
debt with a cash conversion feature and (2) convertible instruments with a beneficial conversion feature. As a result
 after adopting
the ASU&amp;#x2019;s guidance
 entities will not separately present in equity an embedded conversion feature in such debt. Instead
 they will
account for a convertible debt instrument wholly as debt
 and for convertible preferred stock wholly as preferred stock (i.e.
 as a single
unit of account)
 unless (1) a convertible instrument contains features that require bifurcation as a derivative under ASC 815 or (2)
a convertible debt instrument was issued at a substantial premium. Additionally
 for convertible debt instruments with substantial premiums
accounted for as paid-in capital
 the FASB decided to add disclosures about (1) the fair value amount and the level of fair value hierarchy
of the entire instrument for public business entities and (2) the premium amount recorded as paid-in capital. ASU 2020-06 will be effective
for public business entities that meet the definition of a Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filer
 excluding entities eligible
to be smaller reporting companies as defined by the SEC
 for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2021
 including interim periods
within those fiscal years. For all other entities
 the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2023
 including
interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted
 but no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15
2020
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of the adoption of
this accounting pronouncement to its financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 70.9pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Although there are several other new
accounting pronouncements issued or proposed by the FASB
 which the Company has adopted or will adopt
 as applicable
 the Company does
not believe any of these accounting pronouncements has had or will have a material impact on its consolidated financial position or results


 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;&lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Description of Business&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Oranco
 Inc. (the &amp;#x201c;Company&amp;#x201d;)
was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on June 16
 1977. The Company has been in the business of the development of mineral
deposits. During 1983 all activities were abandoned
 and the Company had remained inactive until June 29
 2018 when it acquired the business
of Reliant Galaxy International Limited (&amp;#x201c;Reliant&amp;#x201d;). The Company and its subsidiaries (the &amp;#x201c;Group&amp;#x201d;) are principally
engaged in marketing and wholesale of own-brand spirits and wine in the People&amp;#x2019;s Republic of China (the &amp;#x201c;PRC&amp;#x201d;).&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;As disclosed in the Form 8-K filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 19
 2018
 the Company entered into a business agreement with Guangzhou Silicon Technology
Co.
 Ltd on August 20
 2018 to have Guangzhou Silicon Technology Co.
 Ltd to develop an anti-counterfeiting laser recognition proprietary
system using blockchain technology.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Details of the subsidiaries are set out


 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;&lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; padding-right: 0.8pt; text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(b)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-right: 0.8pt; text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Basis of consolidation and presentation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;The Consolidated Financial Statements
include the financial statements of Oranco
 Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Subsidiaries are all entities over which
the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to or has rights to variable returns from its involvement
with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated
from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are de-consolidated from the date that control ceases.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with the U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. The Company operates in one reportable
segment and solely within the PRC. Accordingly


 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;&lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; padding-right: 0.8pt; text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(c)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-right: 0.8pt; text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Financial instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Financial instruments of the Group primarily
consist of cash and cash equivalents
 trade receivables
 deposits
 prepayments and other receivables
 prepaid land lease
 trade payables
receipts in advance
 accruals and other payables
 and bank borrowings. The carrying values of the Group&amp;#x2019;s financial instruments
approximate their fair values
 principally because of the short-term maturity of these instruments or their terms.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;The Group has no derivative financial


 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;&lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; padding-right: 0.8pt; text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(d)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-right: 0.8pt; text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash
on hand and highly liquid investments which are unrestricted as to withdrawal or use
 and which have maturities of three months or less


 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;&lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(e)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Revenue recognition &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Our revenue consists primarily of the
sale of own-brand products
 wine
 and co-branded products with Fenjiu Liquor in the China. Sales of products are for cash or otherwise
agreed-upon credit terms. Our payment terms vary by location and customer. Our customers consist primarily of wholesale distributors.
Our revenue generating activities have a single performance obligation and are recognized at the point in time when control transfers
and our obligation has been fulfilled
 which is when the related goods are delivered to the customer
 depending upon the method of distribution
and shipping terms. We have elected to treat transportation as a fulfillment activity. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration
we expect to receive in exchange for our product. Our sales terms do not allow for a right of return except for matters related to any
manufacturing defects on our part. Certain customers receive cash-based incentives or credits
 which are accounted for as variable consideration.
We estimate these amounts based on the expected amount to be provided to customers and reduce revenues. We believe that there will not


 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;&lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(h)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Accounts receivable and allowance for credit loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Accounts receivables are stated at the
amount the Group expects to collect. The Group maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses. Management considers the
following factors when determining the collectability of specific accounts: historical experience
 creditworthiness of the clients
 aging
of the receivables and other specific circumstances related to the accounts. Allowance for doubtful accounts is made and recorded into
general and administrative expenses based on the aging of trade receivables and on any specifically identified receivables that may become
uncollectible. Trade receivables which are deemed to be uncollectible are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection
have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. The Company takes a write-off of the account balances when the
Company can demonstrate all means of collection on the outstanding balances have been exhausted. For the year ended June 30
 2020
 our
assessment considered the impact of COVID-19 and estimates of expected credit and collectability trends. Volatility in market conditions
and evolving credit trends are difficult to predict and may cause variability and volatility that may have an impact on our allowance


 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;&lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(i)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Inventory consists of raw materials
 processing
cost of finished goods and finished products. Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined
using the weighted average method. The Group routinely evaluate the net realizable value of the inventories in light of current market


 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;&lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(j)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Property and equipment &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment are carried
at cost less accumulated depreciation and any recorded impairment. Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the following
estimated useful lives:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; width: 33%; font-weight: bold; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Category&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; width: 33%; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&quot;&gt;Estimated useful life&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; width: 32%; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&quot;&gt;Estimated residual values&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;Building&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;20 years&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;0-10%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;Computer and office equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;3 years&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;0-10%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;Leasehold improvement&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;3&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;Over the shorter of lease term or the estimated useful lives of the assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Repairs and maintenance are expensed as
incurred and asset improvements are capitalized. Consideration is given at each balance sheet date to determine whether there is any indication
of impairment of the carrying amounts of the property
 plant and equipment. The indication could be an unfavorable development of a business
or severe economic slowdown as well as reorganization of the operation. In assessing value in use
 the estimated future cash flows are
discounted to their present value


 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;&lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(k)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;VAT and VAT refund&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;VAT on sales is charged at 13% on revenue
from product sale&amp;#x2019;s and is subsequently paid to the PRC tax authorities after netting input VAT on purchases. The excess of output
VAT over input VAT is recognized in other payables
 and the excess of input VAT over output VAT is recognized in other receivables in

  

 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;&lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(l)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Operating leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;We determine if an arrangement is a lease
at inception. Payments under our lease arrangements are fixed. Lease assets and liabilities are recognized at the present value of the
future lease payments at the lease commencement date. The interest rate used to determine the present value of the future lease payments
is our incremental borrowing rate
 because the interest rate implicit in our leases is not readily determinable. Our incremental borrowing
rate is estimated to approximate the interest rate on a collateralized basis with similar terms and payments
 and in economic environments
where the leased asset is located. Our lease terms include periods under options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably
certain that we will exercise that option. We generally use the base
 non-cancelable
 lease term when determining the lease assets and
liabilities. Lease assets also include any prepaid lease payments and lease incentives. Operating lease assets and liabilities are included
on our Consolidated Balance Sheet beginning July 1
 2019. The current portion of our operating lease liabilities is included in accrued
expenses and other current liabilities. Should there be long term portion
 the non-current lease liabilities will be included in operating


 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;&lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(m)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Foreign currency translation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;All of the Group&amp;#x2019;s operations are
conducted in China and as a result
 the functional and reporting currency of the Group is the Chinese Renminbi.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Monetary assets and liabilities denominated
in currencies other than the applicable functional currencies are translated into the functional currencies at the prevailing rates of
exchange at the balance sheet date. Transactions in currencies other than the functional currency are converted into the functional currency
at the applicable rates of exchange prevailing at the transaction dates. Transaction gains and losses are recognized in the consolidated
statements of operations.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;In translating the financial statements
of the Company&amp;#x2019;s subsidiaries outside the PRC into the reporting currency
 assets and liabilities are translated from the subsidiaries&amp;#x2019;
functional currencies to the reporting currency at the exchange rate at the balance sheet date. Equity amounts are translated at historical
exchange rates; revenues
 expenses
 and other gains and losses are translated using the average rate for the period. Translation adjustments
are reported as cumulative translation adjustments and are shown as a separate component of other comprehensive income/(loss) in the consolidated
statements of comprehensive income. During 2020 and 2019
 such translation adjustments were not material.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;The Group uses the average exchange rate
for the year and the exchange rate at the balance sheet date to translate the operating results and financial position
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Convenience translation&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Amounts in US$ are presented for the convenience
of the reader and are translated at the noon buying rate of US$1.00 to RMB 6.8650 on June 30
 2019 and RMB 7.0651 on June 30
 2020
 representing
the noon buying rate set forth in the H.10 statistical release of the U.S. Federal Reserve Board. No representation is made that the RMB
amounts could have been
 or could be converted

  
  
  

 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;&lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(n)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Income taxes are provided for in accordance
with the laws and regulations applicable to the Group as enacted by the relevant tax authorities. The impact of an uncertain income tax
position on the income tax return is recognized at the largest amount that is more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon audit of the related
tax authority. An uncertain income tax position will not be recognized if it has less than a 50% likelihood of being sustained. Changes
in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. The Group records interest and penalties
related to unrecognized tax benefits (if any) in interest expenses and general and administrative expenses

  

 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;&lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(o)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;COVID-19 impact&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 70.9pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;The novel coronavirus
 or COVID-19
pandemic has created
 and may continue to create
 significant uncertainty in macroeconomic conditions. The full extent to which the COVID-19
pandemic will directly or indirectly impact the global economy
 the lasting social effects
 and impact on the Company&amp;#x2019;s business
results of operations
 and financial condition will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted.
As of the date of issuance of the financial statements
 the Company is not aware of any specific event of circumstance related to COVID-19
that would require it to update its estimates or judgments or adjust the carrying value of its assets or liabilities. Actual results could
differ from those estimates and any such differences may be material to the consolidated financial statements. As events continue to evolve
and additional information becomes available


 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;&lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(o)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fair value measurement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;The Group defines fair value as the price
that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at
the measurement date.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;When determining the fair value measurements
for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded at fair value
 the Group considers the principal or most advantageous
market in which it would transact and it considers assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;The Group&amp;#x2019;s financial instruments
include cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 other receivables
 accounts payable
 other payables. The Group considers the carrying


 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;&lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(p)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Business combinations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;We include the results of operations of
the businesses that we acquire as of the acquisition date. We allocate the purchase price of the acquisitions to the assets acquired and
liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the purchase price over the fair values of identifiable assets
and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Acquisition-related expenses are recognized separately from the business combination and are


 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;&lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(q)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Transactions between entities under common control&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;When accounting for a transfer of assets
or exchange of shares between entities under common control of the Group
 the carrying amounts of the assets and liabilities transferred
shall remain unchanged subsequent to the transaction
 and no gain or loss shall be recorded in the Group&amp;#x2019;s consolidated statements


 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;&lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(r)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Commitments and contingencies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;In the normal course of business
 the
Group is subject to loss contingencies
 such as legal proceedings and claims arising out of its business
 that cover a wide range of matters
including
 among others
 government investigations
 shareholder lawsuits
 and non-income tax matters. An accrual for a loss contingency
is recognized when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. If a potential
material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible
 or is probable but cannot be estimated
 then the nature of the contingent
liability
 together with an estimate of the range of possible loss if determinable and material


 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;&lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(s)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Stock split&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;On July 22
 2019
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s
board of directors approved an amendment to its certificate of incorporation to effect a split of shares of the issued and outstanding
common at a &amp;#x2018;one share for every ten shares&amp;#x2019; ratio. The stock split was approved by the Company&amp;#x2019;s stockholders and effected
on August 7
 2019.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;We record the reverse stock split to reduce
the common stock and increase additional paid-in capital.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;All issued and outstanding shares of common


 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;&lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(t)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Software Development Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;We expense software development costs
including costs to develop software products or the software to be sold
 leased or marketed to external users
 before technological feasibility
is reached. Technological feasibility is typically reached shortly before the release of such products and as a result
 development costs
that meet the criteria for capitalization were not material for the periods presented.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Software development costs also include
costs to develop software to be used solely to meet internal needs. We capitalize development costs related to these software applications
once the preliminary project sage is complete and it is probable that the project will be complete
 and the software will be used to perform


 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;&lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(u)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 70.9pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;In August 2020
 the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (&amp;#x201c;FASB&amp;#x201d;) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. ASU 2020-06
 Debt&amp;#x2014;Debt with Conversion and Other
Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging&amp;#x2014;Contracts in Entity&amp;#x2019;s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible
Instruments and Contracts in an Entity&amp;#x2019;s Own Equity
 which simplifies the accounting for certain financial instruments with characteristics
of liabilities and equity
 including convertible instruments and contracts on an entity&amp;#x2019;s own equity. Under current GAAP
 there
are five accounting models for convertible debt instruments. ASU 2020-06 removes from U.S. GAAP the separation models for (1) convertible
debt with a cash conversion feature and (2) convertible instruments with a beneficial conversion feature. As a result
 after adopting
the ASU&amp;#x2019;s guidance
 entities will not separately present in equity an embedded conversion feature in such debt. Instead
 they will
account for a convertible debt instrument wholly as debt
 and for convertible preferred stock wholly as preferred stock (i.e.
 as a single
unit of account)
 unless (1) a convertible instrument contains features that require bifurcation as a derivative under ASC 815 or (2)
a convertible debt instrument was issued at a substantial premium. Additionally
 for convertible debt instruments with substantial premiums
accounted for as paid-in capital
 the FASB decided to add disclosures about (1) the fair value amount and the level of fair value hierarchy
of the entire instrument for public business entities and (2) the premium amount recorded as paid-in capital. ASU 2020-06 will be effective
for public business entities that meet the definition of a Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filer
 excluding entities eligible
to be smaller reporting companies as defined by the SEC
 for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2021
 including interim periods
within those fiscal years. For all other entities
 the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2023
 including
interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted
 but no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15
2020
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of the adoption of
this accounting pronouncement to its financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 70.9pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Although there are several other new
accounting pronouncements issued or proposed by the FASB
 which the Company has adopted or will adopt
 as applicable
 the Company does
not believe any of these accounting pronouncements has had or will have a material impact on its consolidated financial position or results


 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;&lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(f)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Non-Marketable Investments &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;We account for non-marketable equity investments
through which we exercise significant influence but do not have control over the investee under the equity method. Our non-marketable
equity securities not accounted for under the equity method are primarily accounted for under the measurement alternative. Under the measurement
alternative
 the carrying value of our non-marketable equity investments is adjusted to fair value for observable transactions for identical
or similar investments of the same issuer or impairment. Adjustments are determined primarily based on a market approach as of the transaction
date and are recorded as a component of other income (expense)
 net. Non-marketable investments that do not have stated contractual maturity


 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;&lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(g)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Impairment of Investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 1in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;We periodically review our non-marketable
equity investments for impairment. We consider whether impairment indicators exist by evaluating the companies&amp;#x2019; financial and liquidity
position
 access to capital resources and the time since the last adjustment to fair value
 among others. If the assessment indicates
that the investment is impaired
 we write down the investment to its fair value by recording the corresponding charge as a component of
other income (expense)
 net. Fair value is estimated using the best information available
 which may include cash flow projections or


 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; width: 33%; font-weight: bold; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Category&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; width: 33%; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&quot;&gt;Estimated useful life&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; width: 32%; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&quot;&gt;Estimated residual values&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;Building&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;20 years&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;0-10%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;Computer and office equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;3 years&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;0-10%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;Leasehold improvement&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;3&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;Over the shorter of lease term or the estimated useful lives of the assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  


 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;2.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;REVENUE AND OTHER INCOME&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Revenue represents the invoiced spirits
and wine products sold to customers less discounts
 returns
 and surcharges.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 52%; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Revenue&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;104
270
083&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;15
188
650&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;85
575
034&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;12
112
360&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;Other income&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;133
321&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;19
420&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;198
525&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;28
099&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;104
403
404&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;15
208
070&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;85
773
559&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;12
140
459&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;All revenue is derived in China. A concentration
analysis of the revenue is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
&lt;br/&gt;
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
&lt;br/&gt;
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 76%; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Customer A&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;12&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;17&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Customer B&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;13&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;16&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Customer C&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;10&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;13&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Customer D&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;11&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;11&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Customer E&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;12&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;11&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Customer F&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;10&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;11&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;Others&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;32&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;21&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 52%; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Revenue&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;104
270
083&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;15
188
650&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;85
575
034&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;12
112
360&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;Other income&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;133
321&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;19
420&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;198
525&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;28
099&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;104
403
404&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;15
208
070&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;85
773
559&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;12
140
459&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
&lt;br/&gt;
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
&lt;br/&gt;
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 76%; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Customer A&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;12&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;17&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Customer B&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;13&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;16&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Customer C&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;10&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;13&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Customer D&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;11&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;11&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Customer E&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;12&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;11&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Customer F&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;10&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;11&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;Others&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;32&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;21&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
&lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
  &lt;td style=&quot;width: 0.5in&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;3.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
  &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 NET&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment
 net
consist of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 52%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Computer and office equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;268
550&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;39
119&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;334
631&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;47
364&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;Building&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;3
754
625&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;546
923&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;3
754
625&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;531
433&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;Add: Computer and leasehold improvement&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;66
081&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;9
626&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;4
878&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;690&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;4
089
256&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;595
668&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;4
094
134&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;579
487&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;(965
032&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;(140
573&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;(1
204
696&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;(170
514&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment
 net
&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;3
124
224&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;455
095&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;2
889
438&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;408
973&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 52%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Computer and office equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;268
550&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;39
119&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;334
631&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;47
364&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;Building&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;3
754
625&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;546
923&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;3
754
625&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;531
433&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;Add: Computer and leasehold improvement&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;66
081&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;9
626&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;4
878&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;690&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;4
089
256&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;595
668&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;4
094
134&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;579
487&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;(965
032&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;(140
573&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;(1
204
696&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;(170
514&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment
 net
&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;3
124
224&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;455
095&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;2
889
438&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;408
973&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;4.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;PREPAID LAND LEASE AND OTHER LEASES
 NET&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Prepaid land lease and other lease
net
 consists of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 52%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Prepaid land lease&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;5
412
120&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;1
516
697&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;10
754
396&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;1
522
186&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;Less: accumulated amortization&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;(502
700&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;(73
227&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;(1
370
204&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;(193
940&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;Add: Prepaid other leases&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;5
000
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;728
333&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;Prepaid land lease and other leases
 net&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;9
909
420&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;1
443
470&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;9
384
192&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;1
328
246&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;The carrying amounts of the prepaid
land lease and other lease are analyzed as:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 52%; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Current assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;547
180&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;79
706&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;652
465&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;92
350&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;Non-current assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;9
362
240&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;1
363
764&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;8
731
727&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;1
235
896&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;9
909
420&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;1
443
470&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;9
384
192&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;1
328
246&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Prepaid land lease represents the cost
of the rights of the use of the land in respect of leasehold land in the People&amp;#x2019;s Republic of China
 on which the Group&amp;#x2019;s
buildings are situated. Prepaid other leases represent the leases of warehouse and offices in the PRC. The prepaid land lease&amp;#x2019; terms
are 70 years
 ending in 2082.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;The other lease consists of the prepayment
made in full for the lease of a warehouse for 10 years starting from August 12



  

 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 52%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Prepaid land lease&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;5
412
120&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;1
516
697&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;10
754
396&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;1
522
186&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;Less: accumulated amortization&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;(502
700&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;(73
227&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;(1
370
204&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;(193
940&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;Add: Prepaid other leases&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;5
000
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;728
333&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;Prepaid land lease and other leases
 net&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;9
909
420&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;1
443
470&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;9
384
192&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;1
328
246&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 52%; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Current assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;547
180&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;79
706&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;652
465&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;92
350&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;Non-current assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;9
362
240&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;1
363
764&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;8
731
727&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;1
235
896&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;9
909
420&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;1
443
470&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;9
384
192&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;1
328
246&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;5.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;INVENTORY&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Inventory consists of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 52%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Raw materials&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;4
500
125&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;655
517&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;8
880
629&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;1
256
971&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;2
216
931&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;322
932&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;3
693
293&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;522
752&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;Packaging material&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;183
932&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;26
793&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;162
051&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;22
937&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;6
900
988&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;1
005
242&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;12
735
975&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;1
802
660&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 52%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Raw materials&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;4
500
125&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;655
517&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;8
880
629&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;1
256
971&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;2
216
931&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;322
932&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;3
693
293&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;522
752&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;Packaging material&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;183
932&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;26
793&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;162
051&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;22
937&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;6
900
988&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;1
005
242&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;12
735
975&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;1
802
660&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;6.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 52%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;32
053
899&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;4
669
177&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;29
594
129&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;4
188
777&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;32
053
899&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;4
669
177&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;29
594
129&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;4
188
777&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;The Group normally allows credit terms
to well-established customers ranging from 30 to 150 days. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its accounts receivable. Overdue

  

 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 52%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;32
053
899&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;4
669
177&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;29
594
129&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;4
188
777&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;32
053
899&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;4
669
177&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;29
594
129&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;4
188
777&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;7.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;DEPOSITS
 PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 52%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Prepaid expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;45
054
919&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;6
562
989&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;35
144
544&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;4
974
387&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;Other receivables&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;555
604&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;80
933&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;702
560&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;99
440&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;45
610
523&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;6
643
922&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;35
847
104&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;5
073
827&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 52%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Prepaid expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;45
054
919&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;6
562
989&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;35
144
544&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;4
974
387&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;Other receivables&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;555
604&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;80
933&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;702
560&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;99
440&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;45
610
523&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;6
643
922&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;35
847
104&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;5
073
827&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;8.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 52%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Cash on hand&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;419
446&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;61
099&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;353
758&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;50
071&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;Cash held in banks&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;52
744
520&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;7
683
106&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;86
696
468&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;12
271
089&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;53
163
966&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;7
744
205&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;87
050
226&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;12
321
160&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Cash held in banks earns interest at


 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 52%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Cash on hand&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;419
446&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;61
099&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;353
758&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;50
071&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;Cash held in banks&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;52
744
520&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;7
683
106&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;86
696
468&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;12
271
089&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;53
163
966&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;7
744
205&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;87
050
226&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;12
321
160&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;9.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;ACCOUNTS PAYABLE&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 52%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;247
685&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;36
079&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;667
451&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;94
472&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;247
685&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;36
079&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;667
451&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;94
472&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;For the larger suppliers
 the Group
makes payment in advance for the inventories. For the smaller suppliers
 the Group obtains credit terms ranging from 30 to 90 days.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;A concentration analysis of the suppliers
based on the purchases made during the year is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
&lt;br/&gt;
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
&lt;br/&gt;
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 76%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Supplier A&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;52&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;46&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;Supplier B&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;13&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;27&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;Supplier C&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;21&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;24&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;Supplier D&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;3&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;Supplier E&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;3&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;1&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;Supplier F&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;3&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;Supplier E&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;




 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 52%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;247
685&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;36
079&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;667
451&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;94
472&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;247
685&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;36
079&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;667
451&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;94
472&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
&lt;br/&gt;
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
&lt;br/&gt;
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 76%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Supplier A&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;52&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;46&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;Supplier B&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;13&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;27&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;Supplier C&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;21&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;24&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;Supplier D&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;3&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;Supplier E&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;3&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;1&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;Supplier F&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;3&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;Supplier E&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;10.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;RECEIPTS IN ADVANCE
 ACCRUALS AND OTHER PAYABLES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Receipts in advance
 accruals and other
payables consist of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 52%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Accrued payroll and bonus&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;301
894&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;43
976&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;291
877&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;41
313&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;Accrued and other payables&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;3
430
703&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;499
738&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;3
767
423&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;533
245&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;Other tax payables&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;466
538&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;67
959&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;838
277&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;118
650&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;Receipts in advance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;1
499
033&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;218
359&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;889
430&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;125
889&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;5
698
168&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;830
032&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;5
787
007&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;819
097&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 52%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Accrued payroll and bonus&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;301
894&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;43
976&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;291
877&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;41
313&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;Accrued and other payables&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;3
430
703&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;499
738&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;3
767
423&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;533
245&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;Other tax payables&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;466
538&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;67
959&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;838
277&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;118
650&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;Receipts in advance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;1
499
033&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;218
359&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;889
430&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;125
889&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;5
698
168&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;830
032&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;5
787
007&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;819
097&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;11.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;AMOUNT DUE TO DIRECTOR&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;June 30
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;June 30
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 52%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Current liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;13
392
777&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;1
950
878&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;18
625
841&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;2
636
317&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;Non-current liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;81
781
805&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;11
912
863&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;81
781
805&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;11
575
463&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;95
174
582&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;13
863
741&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;100
407
646&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;14
211
780&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;The short-term loans due to director
is interest-free
 unsecured and repayable on demand.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;The non-current liabilities are repayable
in instalments over 15 years from 2019 onwards. The Director has not demanded repayment from the Group during the year ended June 30

  

 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;June 30
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;June 30
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 52%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Current liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;13
392
777&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;1
950
878&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;18
625
841&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;2
636
317&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;Non-current liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;81
781
805&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;11
912
863&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;81
781
805&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;11
575
463&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;95
174
582&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;13
863
741&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;100
407
646&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;14
211
780&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;12.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;BANK BORROWINGS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 52%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;Loans from financial institution&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;2
250
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;327
749&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&amp;#xa0;&amp;#xa0;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&amp;#xa0;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&quot;&gt;2
250
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&quot;&gt;327
749&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;Classified as:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;Current liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;2
250
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;327
749&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&quot;&gt;2
250
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&quot;&gt;327
749&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 52%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;Loans from financial institution&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;2
250
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;327
749&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&amp;#xa0;&amp;#xa0;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&amp;#xa0;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&quot;&gt;2
250
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&quot;&gt;327
749&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;Classified as:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;Current liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;2
250
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;327
749&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&quot;&gt;2
250
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&quot;&gt;327
749&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

  
  


  
  


  
  


  
  



 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;13.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;SHARE CAPITAL AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-indent: -0.125in; padding-left: 0.125in; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;10&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&quot;&gt;Issued and fully paid&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;10&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&quot;&gt;Shares to be issued&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&quot;&gt;Additional &lt;br/&gt;
paid-in&lt;br/&gt;
 capital&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&quot;&gt;Total share capital&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-indent: 0pt; padding-left: 0pt; text-align: center; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;Company&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&quot;&gt;Number of&lt;br/&gt;
 shares&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;US$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Value &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;RMB&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&quot;&gt;Number of shares&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Value &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;US$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Value &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;RMB&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Value &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;US$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Value &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;RMB&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Value &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;RMB&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-indent: -0.125in; padding-left: 0.125in&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-indent: -0.125in; padding-left: 0.125in; font-weight: bold; width: 28%&quot;&gt;At June 30
 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 5%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;98
191
480&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 5%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;98
191&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 5%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;638
708&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 5%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;321
296
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 5%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;321
296&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 5%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;2
126
520&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 5%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 5%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 5%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;2
765
228&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-indent: -0.125in; padding-left: 0.125in; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Shares issued &amp;#x2013; note a&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;321
296
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;321
296&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;2
126
520&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;(321
296
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;(321
296&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;(2
126
520&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-indent: -0.125in; padding-left: 0.125in; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Foreign currency translation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;(16
686&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-indent: -0.125in; padding-left: 0.125in; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;At June 30
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;419
487
480&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;419
487&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;2
765
228&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;2
765
228&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-indent: -0.125in; padding-left: 0.125in; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Shares reverse split &amp;#x2013; note b&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;(377
538
732&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;(377
538&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;(2
488
705&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;377
538&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;2
488
705&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-indent: -0.125in; padding-left: 0.125in; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Foreign currency translation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;(2
810&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-indent: -0.125in; padding-left: 0.125in; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;At June 30
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;41
948
748&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;39
139&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;276
523&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;377
538&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;2
488
705&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;2
765
228&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-indent: 0.5in&quot;&gt;Each share has a nominal value of US$0.001 per
share.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-indent: 0.5in&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note:&amp;#xa0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 0.5in&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 24px&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;a.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;The 321
296
000 shares at $0.001 per share are part of the consideration of the acquisition of Reliant Galaxy International Limited by the company were issued on May 29
 2019. The aggregated nominal value of the shares is US$321
296.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 0.5in&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 24px&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;b.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;On July 22
 2019
 the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment with the Secretary of State of Nevada to effect a reverse stock split of the issued and outstanding shares of its common stock at a ratio of one share for every 10 shares outstanding prior to the effective date of the reverse stock split. All current and historical information contained herein related to the share and per share information for the Company&amp;#x2019;s common stock or stock equivalents reflects the 1-for-10 reverse stock split of the Company&amp;#x2019;s outstanding shares of common stock that became market effective on August 7
 2019. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  

 2019
 the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment with the Secretary of State of Nevada to effect a reverse stock split of the issued and outstanding shares of its common stock at a ratio of one share for every 10 shares outstanding prior to the effective date of the reverse stock split. All current and historical information contained herein related to the share and per share information for the Company&amp;#x2019;s common stock or stock equivalents reflects the 1-for-10 reverse stock split of the Company&amp;#x2019;s outstanding shares of common stock that became market effective on August 7


 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-indent: -0.125in; padding-left: 0.125in; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;10&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&quot;&gt;Issued and fully paid&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;10&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&quot;&gt;Shares to be issued&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&quot;&gt;Additional &lt;br/&gt;
paid-in&lt;br/&gt;
 capital&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&quot;&gt;Total share capital&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-indent: 0pt; padding-left: 0pt; text-align: center; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;Company&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&quot;&gt;Number of&lt;br/&gt;
 shares&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;US$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Value &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;RMB&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&quot;&gt;Number of shares&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Value &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;US$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Value &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;RMB&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Value &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;US$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Value &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;RMB&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Value &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;RMB&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-indent: -0.125in; padding-left: 0.125in&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-indent: -0.125in; padding-left: 0.125in; font-weight: bold; width: 28%&quot;&gt;At June 30
 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 5%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;98
191
480&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 5%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;98
191&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 5%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;638
708&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 5%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;321
296
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 5%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;321
296&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 5%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;2
126
520&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 5%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 5%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 5%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;2
765
228&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-indent: -0.125in; padding-left: 0.125in; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Shares issued &amp;#x2013; note a&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;321
296
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;321
296&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;2
126
520&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;(321
296
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;(321
296&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;(2
126
520&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-indent: -0.125in; padding-left: 0.125in; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Foreign currency translation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;(16
686&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-indent: -0.125in; padding-left: 0.125in; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;At June 30
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;419
487
480&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;419
487&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;2
765
228&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;2
765
228&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-indent: -0.125in; padding-left: 0.125in; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Shares reverse split &amp;#x2013; note b&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;(377
538
732&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;(377
538&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;(2
488
705&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;377
538&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;2
488
705&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-indent: -0.125in; padding-left: 0.125in; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Foreign currency translation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;(2
810&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-indent: -0.125in; padding-left: 0.125in; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;At June 30
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;41
948
748&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;39
139&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;276
523&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;377
538&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;2
488
705&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;2
765
228&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  






  
  
  





  
  
  
  



  
  

  






  
  
  



  
  
  

 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;14.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;INCOME TAXES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;The Company is subject to taxes in the
USA. The Company has had no taxable income under Federal or State tax laws. The Company has loss carryforwards totaling US$24
581 that
may be offset against future federal income taxes. If not used
 the carryforwards will expire 20 years after they are incurred.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;The Company&amp;#x2019;s BVI subsidiary is
not subject to taxation.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;The Company&amp;#x2019;s Hong Kong subsidiary
is subject to taxes in Hong Kong. The Hong Kong subsidiary has had no taxable income.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;The Company&amp;#x2019;s PRC subsidiaries
are subject to taxes in China. The applicable PRC statutory income tax rate is 25% according to the Enterprise Income Tax Law.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;A reconciliation of the income tax expenses
is set out below:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 52%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Profit before income tax&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;59
308
503&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;8
639
258&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;38
489
548&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;5
447
842&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Taxation at the applicable tax rate of 25%/16.5%/21%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;14
827
126&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;2
159
814&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;9
548
779&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;1
361
961&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;Tax effect on non-taxable income&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;(33
323&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;(4
854&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;9
372
095&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;1
326
534&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Tax effects of expense that are not deductible&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;4
696
259&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;684
086&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;(3
409
008&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;482
514&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;(Over)/under-provision in respect of previous year&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;(161
989&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;(23
596&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;(691
412&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;(97
863&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;Income taxes&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;19
328
073&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;2
815
450&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;14
820
454&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;2
097
699&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  

 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 52%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Profit before income tax&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;59
308
503&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;8
639
258&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;38
489
548&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;5
447
842&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Taxation at the applicable tax rate of 25%/16.5%/21%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;14
827
126&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;2
159
814&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;9
548
779&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;1
361
961&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;Tax effect on non-taxable income&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;(33
323&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;(4
854&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;9
372
095&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;1
326
534&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Tax effects of expense that are not deductible&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;4
696
259&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;684
086&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;(3
409
008&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;482
514&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;(Over)/under-provision in respect of previous year&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;(161
989&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;(23
596&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;(691
412&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;(97
863&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;Income taxes&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;19
328
073&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;2
815
450&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;14
820
454&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;2
097
699&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;15.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;CONTRIBUTION PLAN IN THE PRC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;As stipulated by the PRC state regulations
the subsidiaries in the PRC participate in the state-run defined contribution retirement scheme. All employees are entitled to an annual
pension payment equal to a fixed proportion of the average basic salary of the geographical area of their last employment at their retirement
date. The PRC subsidiaries are required to make contributions to the local social security bureau at 29.4% to 37.4% of the previous year&amp;#x2019;s
average basic salary amount of the geographical area where the employees are under employment with the PRC subsidiaries. The Group has
no obligation for the payment of pension benefits beyond the annual contributions.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;According to the relevant rules and
regulations of the PRC
 the PRC subsidiaries and their employees are each required to make contributions to an accommodation fund at 9%
of the salaries and wages of the employees which are administered by the Public Accumulation Funds Administration Centre. There is no
further obligation for the Group except for such contributions to the accommodation fund. The Group had no significant obligation apart

  
  

 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;16.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;SHORT-TERM OPERATING LEASE &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 35.45pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;On September&amp;#xa0;30
 2019
 the Company
adopted ASU&amp;#xa0;2016-02&amp;#xa0;using the modified retrospective method as of the effective date of September&amp;#xa0;30
 2019 (the &amp;#x201c;effective
date method&amp;#x201d;). Under the effective date method
 financial results reported prior to 2019 are unchanged. In transition to the new
lease guidance
 the Company elected the package of practical expedients permitted under the transition guidance within the new standard
that allowed the Company to not reassess whether a contract is or contains a lease
 lease classification and initial direct costs; however
the Company did not elect the hindsight transitional practical expedient. The Company has also elected the practical expedient to not
account for lease components (e.g.
 fixed payments including rent
 real estate taxes and insurance costs) separately from the non-lease
components. After assessment of the cumulative impact of adopting ASU&amp;#xa0;2016-02
&amp;#xa0;it was determined that the cumulative effect
adjustment required under the new guidance was immaterial and therefore the Company did not record a retrospective adjustment to the opening
balance of retained earnings at September 30
 2020. The Company recognized additional short-term operating lease&amp;#xa0;right-of-use&amp;#xa0;assets
of $0.043 million and lease liabilities of $0.053&amp;#xa0;million as of June 30
 2020.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 35.45pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;The Company is a lessee under a number
of operating leases for offices and staff residence. The Company&amp;#x2019;s leases generally have remaining lease terms of 3 months to 1
years and some of which include options to terminate the leases within 1 year. These leases do not have rent escalation holidays
 concessions
leasehold improvement incentives
 or other&amp;#xa0;build-out&amp;#xa0;clauses. Further
 the leases do not contain contingent rent provisions.&amp;#xa0;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 35.45pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Supplemental information related to
leases and the Company&amp;#x2019;s Consolidated Financial Statements is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;June
30
&lt;br/&gt; 2020&lt;br/&gt;
RMB&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 88%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;Operating lease costs&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&quot;&gt;299
491&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
&lt;br/&gt; 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 88%; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Weighted average remaining lease term (years) of operating leases:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;Weighted average discount rate of operating leases:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;2.9&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;June 30
&lt;br/&gt; 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;RMB&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 88%; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Right-of-use&amp;#xa0;assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;42
784&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;Total lease liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&quot;&gt;(53
306&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;The Group has total future minimum lease
payments under non-cancellable operating lease payable as follows:&amp;#xa0;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 52%; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Within 1 year&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;62
305&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;9
076&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;53
306&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;7
545&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;After 1 year but within 2 years&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;After 2 years but within 3 years&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;After 3 years&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;62
305&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;9
076&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;53
306&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;7
545&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  

 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;June
30
&lt;br/&gt; 2020&lt;br/&gt;
RMB&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 88%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;Operating lease costs&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&quot;&gt;299
491&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
&lt;br/&gt; 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 88%; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Weighted average remaining lease term (years) of operating leases:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;Weighted average discount rate of operating leases:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;2.9&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;June 30
&lt;br/&gt; 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;RMB&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 88%; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Right-of-use&amp;#xa0;assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;42
784&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;Total lease liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&quot;&gt;(53
306&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 52%; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Within 1 year&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;62
305&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;9
076&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;53
306&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;7
545&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;After 1 year but within 2 years&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;After 2 years but within 3 years&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;After 3 years&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;62
305&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;9
076&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;53
306&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;7
545&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  









  
  
  
  

 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; width: 100%&quot;&gt;&lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;
&lt;td style=&quot;width: 0&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 0.5in; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;17.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;RELATED
PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&quot;&gt;The Group had the following
transactions with related party balance during the financial periods:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 &lt;br/&gt;
2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 &lt;br/&gt;
2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 52%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Current liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;13
392
777&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;1
950
878&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;18
625
841&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;2
636
317&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;Non-current liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;81
781
805&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;11
912
863&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;81
781
805&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;11
575
463&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;95
174
582&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;13
863
741&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;100
407
646&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;14
211
780&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;The balance represented the amount due
to director
 Mr. Peng Yang
 for the year ended as at June 30


 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 &lt;br/&gt;
2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&quot;&gt;June 30
 &lt;br/&gt;
2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;RMB&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;US$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 52%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Current liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;13
392
777&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;1
950
878&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;18
625
841&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;2
636
317&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;Non-current liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;81
781
805&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;11
912
863&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;81
781
805&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;11
575
463&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;95
174
582&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;13
863
741&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;100
407
646&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&quot;&gt;14
211
780&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;18.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;CONTINGENT LIABILITIES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;At the end of each reporting period


 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;19.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; vertical-align: bottom; text-align: left; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;Company name&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;Place and date of&lt;br/&gt;
 incorporation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;Capital&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Attributable
Equity&lt;br/&gt; interest&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Principal activities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; width: 20%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Reliant Galaxy International Limited&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; width: 1%; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; width: 19%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Established in British Virgin Islands on January 3
 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; width: 1%; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; width: 19%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Registered and paid-in capital of RMB 69
100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; width: 1%; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; width: 17%; text-align: center&quot;&gt;100%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; width: 1%; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; width: 19%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Investment holding&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Sure Rich Investment &lt;br/&gt;(Group) Limited&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Established in &lt;br/&gt;Hong Kong&lt;br/&gt; On February 1
 2007&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;Share capital &lt;br/&gt;RMB 1&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: center&quot;&gt;100%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Investment holding&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Fujian Jinou Trading Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Established in the PRC on July 5
 2004&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Registered and paid-in capital of US$ 1
650
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: center&quot;&gt;100%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Investment holding and marketing own-brand and wholesaling of spirits&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Fenyang Huaxin Spirit Development Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Established in the PRC on November 7
 2013&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Registered and Paid-in capital of RMB 1
000
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: center&quot;&gt;100%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Marketing own-brand&amp;#xa0;&amp;#xa0;and wholesaling of spirits and wines&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Fenyang Jinqiang Spirit Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Established in the PRC on November 7
 2013&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Registered capital 10
000
000 and Paid-in capital of RMB 5
000
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: center&quot;&gt;100%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Marketing own-brand and wholesaling of spirits&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Beijing Huaxin Tianchuang Enterprise Management Consulting Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Established in the PRC on April 14
 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Registered and issued capital of RMB1
000
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;51&lt;br/&gt; Note (i)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Dormant&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Notes:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 0.5in&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 24px&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(i)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;The subsidiary was registered with payable share capital and the Company committed to pay up its share of the issued capital in the amount of RMB 510
000 on March 31
 2037
 which is 20 years from the date of incorporation permitted by the Regulation of the People&amp;#x2019;s Republic of China on Company Registration. The amount due to the subsidiary is interest-free and unsecured.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  

 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; vertical-align: bottom; text-align: left; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;Company name&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;Place and date of&lt;br/&gt;
 incorporation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;Capital&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Attributable
Equity&lt;br/&gt; interest&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Principal activities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; width: 20%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Reliant Galaxy International Limited&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; width: 1%; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; width: 19%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Established in British Virgin Islands on January 3
 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; width: 1%; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; width: 19%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Registered and paid-in capital of RMB 69
100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; width: 1%; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; width: 17%; text-align: center&quot;&gt;100%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; width: 1%; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; width: 19%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Investment holding&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Sure Rich Investment &lt;br/&gt;(Group) Limited&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Established in &lt;br/&gt;Hong Kong&lt;br/&gt; On February 1
 2007&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;Share capital &lt;br/&gt;RMB 1&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: center&quot;&gt;100%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Investment holding&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Fujian Jinou Trading Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Established in the PRC on July 5
 2004&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Registered and paid-in capital of US$ 1
650
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: center&quot;&gt;100%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Investment holding and marketing own-brand and wholesaling of spirits&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Fenyang Huaxin Spirit Development Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Established in the PRC on November 7
 2013&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Registered and Paid-in capital of RMB 1
000
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: center&quot;&gt;100%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Marketing own-brand&amp;#xa0;&amp;#xa0;and wholesaling of spirits and wines&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Fenyang Jinqiang Spirit Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Established in the PRC on November 7
 2013&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Registered capital 10
000
000 and Paid-in capital of RMB 5
000
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: center&quot;&gt;100%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Marketing own-brand and wholesaling of spirits&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Beijing Huaxin Tianchuang Enterprise Management Consulting Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Established in the PRC on April 14
 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Registered and issued capital of RMB1
000
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;51&lt;br/&gt; Note (i)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Dormant&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;





  
  


  
  
  



650

  
  



000

  
  



000
000 and Paid-in capital of RMB 5
000

  
  



000

  
  

 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 48px&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;20.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;INVESTMENT&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Company name&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;Place and date of&lt;br/&gt; incorporation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;Capital&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;Attributable Equity &lt;br/&gt; interest&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;Principal activities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; width: 31%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Guangzhou Silicon Technology Co.
 Ltd&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; width: 1%; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; width: 18%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Established in the PRC on September 8
 2015&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; width: 1%; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; width: 18%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Registered and issued capital of RMB5
000
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; width: 1%; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;20&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; width: 1%; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; width: 18%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Development
 sale and provision of software solutions&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-indent: 0.5in&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Notes:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 0.5in; text-indent: 7.1pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 24px&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(i)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;On September 1
 2018
 Fenyang Huaxin Spirit Development Co.
 Ltd acquired 20% of Guangzhou Silicon Technology Co.
 Ltd which then became an associate of the Company.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

  

 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Company name&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;Place and date of&lt;br/&gt; incorporation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;Capital&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;Attributable Equity &lt;br/&gt; interest&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;Principal activities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-weight: bold; text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; width: 31%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Guangzhou Silicon Technology Co.
 Ltd&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; width: 1%; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; width: 18%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Established in the PRC on September 8
 2015&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; width: 1%; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; width: 18%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Registered and issued capital of RMB5
000
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; width: 1%; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;20&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left; width: 1%; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;vertical-align: top; width: 18%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;Development
 sale and provision of software solutions&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;




000

  
























        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Plant and Equipment

        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Plant and Equipment

        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 returns

        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Plant and Equipment
 Net (Details) - Schedule of property
 plant and equipment

        
        
        




        
        
        



 Net (Details) - Schedule of prepaid land lease

        
        
        





        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Accruals and Other Payables (Details) - Schedule of receipts in advance

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    

    


    


    

    


    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    








    


    


    


    


    


    



 returns



    


    


    







 plant and equipment



    






    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    


    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    









    


    


    


    


    


 plant and equipment
 net



    


    


    


    






    


    


    

    


    


    


    


    





    


    


    


    










    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    


    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 returns



    


    


    


    



 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT




 plant and equipment




 plant and equipment











    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    










    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






















    


    


    


    






    


    



    






    


    


    


    


    






    






    










    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    


    


    






    


    


    



 Property




 Property



    


    


    


    


    


    














    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    




    

    


 which serves as the &quot;benchmark&quot; (or denominator) in the equation


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


 Liability


    

    


 which serves as the &quot;benchmark&quot; (or denominator) in the equation


    

    

    

    







    




    

    


 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products


    

    

    




    

    

    




    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


 Plant


    

    


 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant












 Finished Goods


    

    

    

    

    

    




    

    





 Development
 and Computer Software


    


 Plant and Equipment





    


 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
 Period Increase (Decrease)









 Plant and Equipment








    

    

    


 Shares


    

    

    




    

    










    

    





 Plant



 Weighted Average Discount Rate


    













    


 Net


    

    


 Plant and Equipment


    


 Raw Materials



 Accrued Liabilities
 and Other Liabilities Disclosure


    




    


 Value


    





 Equity Interest Issued or Issuable


    







    

    

    


 Nondeductible Expense



 Value


    


 Notes






 Depletion and Amortization


    

    





 Future Minimum Payments





    

    

    

    


 Consolidation
 Basis of Presentation



 Shares








    

    

    




    

    




    

    

    

    

    

    


 Trade





    


 Excluding Capitalized Interest



 before Allowance for Credit Loss








    

    


 after Allowance for Credit Loss


    

    


 Future Minimum Payments









 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate


    

    





 Value
 Restricted Stock Award



 Trade and Other Accounts Receivable
 Allowance for Doubtful Accounts






 Shares









 Value









 Equity Interest Issued or Issuable


    








 Future Minimum Payments Due


    

    


 Plant and Equipment





    




    

    


 Total Capital








    

    


 Notes



 Tax Exempt Income








    


 Future Minimum Payments


    







    


 Prior Year Income Taxes



 Employer Matching Contribution


    




    

    





 Plant and Equipment
 Salvage Value


    

    













    




    

    

    

    




    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    




    

    

    

    




    

    







    

    

    




    







    




    


    


    


    
























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 img_001.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 &C B4# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#W^BBB@ HH

MU%9/_.:1_SX1?K1_P (YI'_ #X1?K0!K45COH.B1 &2S@0$X&XXS^M._P$

MX?T2092R@8=



M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% &1H?W]3_Z




M895U.01[&I: 






PF&?
M-!RGS9QM[#''%:GAR/4EU'2UN_-%S!8R)?&0@L?G_=[B.^!GZ5V]-*I)4 %
MCDD#K0 ZBBB@ HHHH **** LC2_^0UK/_76/_T 5KUD:7_R&M9_ZZQ_^@@
M#7HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH Q$T[5+6YNFM+VU$4\QFVRP$E20
C(89Z5+Y&O?\_UC_X#
MM_\ %5K44 9/D:]_S_6/_@.W_P 51Y&O?\_UC_X#M_\ %5K44 9/D:]_S_6/

M.W'O0!UGD:__ 

WE@/L\WE BW;GY5;^][U'I7B


M6/\ X#M_\56M10!D^1KW_/\ 6/\ X#M_\51Y&O?\_P!8_P#@.W_Q5:U% &3Y
M&O?\_P!8_P#@.W_Q5'D:]_S_ %C_ . [?_%5K44 9/D:]_S_ %C_ . [?_%4
M[3-/N+66[GNIXY9;EPQ\N/:H &!U)K4HH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 



M 6_[1LO^?N#_ +^C^T;+_G[@_[^F?V1IG_ $#K3_OPO^%(=(TL DZ=9@#_

M
_LC3/\ H'6G_?A?\*/[(TS_ *!UI_WX7_@1;ZT=@JW
#



5I.8(XXLI&Z8W;V^7!8 X

-_-RQ..,8(P.V: ,2TT_64
MOM.NKVVOWB,4=O?HUSC#A#^_&&Q@<@@=<@]JV/-M.EO)+-.UQ%!FWM9A
7\
(X+W5;O3)T6.5)FCA !(E0(K9)Q@'#?=IB:[+#<ZGIZ


) T4F]6!48QM]6&?PH QVTW5FD+
RC^UK2#&S&
Y#8(.1P1]*@U/Q0EI9SO:HL]S;O
M&DR$D*N64-AL8)&[I0!@BPUJ*W@LKM;2.WM!+#Y_+!=WFJASG/*GWQ4#V'
MB2#RMR7\\L*0&)UG^48G)8






8

M''4=LU3L? US)I\$=UJ=U$82X566-G(9E8[F'!.5%=+_ 
5#_P!0S_R)42RZ

MZXN;A[R9)KA%0NBJ#@

9Y%:7_ !4/_4
_\B4?\5#_ -0S_P B4 8T
KV=]#;RV\N];D$Q@ YXX.?3!!%1Z4#]O
MU<D?\O0_]%I0!JT444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 1-/AVM*BGT+ 4GVF






K1O\ 7:I_U_/_ .@I6K65HW^NU3_K





MEG/GQJ@4QD1


-=W=_#=)=W%G;\SL
M=OF!





 ]OZ5V$=E:QW$MPEO&LTP

!!M^0*0W'H.*YZV
JZ?KMWH+6;#5;JVGMI&B5E2++O!5)!D_+MSC)/OVK

M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
#H7*!E+#DKGD5 ;ZT#E#=




6WMX3=
R*VQY4
MGVH[E&XLP9<8;))].M=$VD:&CK&]AIZN_P!Q3$@+?0=Z3^R_#_[S_0M._=?Z
MS]VGR?7TH JZGX;TK5[JXN;N:5GGA6$A9\! K;E9?[K \Y%^&M+$[3//-(\


GMS6WI6FRNA=7
M5V)IDMUMHR6R0@Y.3W)/\A5W^P-'_P@79_]^%_PH_L#2/\ H%V?_?E?\* +
MOG1?\]4_[Z%'G1?\]4_[Z%4O[ TC_H%V?_?E?\*/[ TC_H%V?_?E?\* +OG1
M?\]4_P^A1YT7_/5/^^A5+^P-(_Z!=G_ -^5_P */[ TC_H%V?\ WY7_  H
MN^=%_P ]4_[Z%'G1?\]4_P^A5+^P-(_Z!=G_P!^5_PH_L#2/^@79_\ ?E?\
M* +OG1?\]4_[Z%'G1?\ /5/^^A5+^P-(_P@79_]^5_PH_L#2/\ H%V?_?E?
M\* +OG1?\]4_[Z%'G1?\]4_[Z%4O[ TC_H%V?_?E?\*/[ TC_H%V?_?E?\*
M*KNC^+;;:RM_H;]#G^(5MU3M=,L;*0R6MG;P.PP6CCDCTXJY0 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !147VF#_GO'_P!]BC[3!_SWC_[[% $M%1?:8/\ GO'_ -]BC[3!_P ]
MX_\ OL4 2T5%]I@_Y[Q_]]BC[3!_SWC_ .^Q0!+4%TLS6DRV[!9C&PC8] V.
M#^=.^TP?\]X_^^Q1]I@_Y[Q_]]B@#SVSL;H6&B1P6UW!K=O




\

MM
'_ #WC_P^Q67H=Q(;W
T?_']/_$/[YH V:*B^TP?\]X_^^Q1]I@_Y[Q_












M/^_*_P%
M:5% &;_8&D?] RT_[\K_ (4?V!I'_0,M/^_*_P%:5% &;_8&D?] RT_[\K_
M (4?V!I'_0
M/^_*_P%:5% &;_8&D?] RT_[\K_ (4?V!I'_0,M/^_*_P%
M:5% &;_8&D?] RT_[\K_ (4?V!I'_0


MM*B@#-_L#2/^@9:?]^5_P */[ TC_H&6G_?E?\ M*B@#-_L#2/^@9:?]^5
M_P */[ TC_H&6G_?E?\ M*B@#-_L#2/^@9:?]^5_P */[ TC_H&6G_?E?\
MM*B@#-_L#2/^@9:?]^5_P */[ TC_H&6G_?E?\ M*B@#-_L#2/^@9:?]^5
M_P */[ TC_H&6G_?E?\ M*B@#-_L#2/^@9:?]^5_P */[ TC_H&6G_?E?\
MM*B@#-_L#2/^@9:?]^5_P */[ TC_H&6G_?E?\ M*B@#-_L#2/^@9:?]^5
M_P */[ TC_H&6G_?E?\ M*B@#-_L#2/^@9:?]^5_P */[ TC_H&6G_?E?\
MM*B@#-_L#2/^@9:?]^5_P */[ TC_H&6G_?E?\ M*B@#-_L#2/^@9:?]^5
M_P */[ TC_H&6G_?E?\ M*B@#-_L#2/^@9:?]^5_P */[ TC_H&6G_?E?\
MM*B@#-_L#2/^@9:?]^5_P */[ TC_H&6G_?E?\ M*B@#-_L#2/^@9:?]^5
M_P */[ TC_H&6G_?E?\ M*B@#-_L#2/^@9:?]^5_P */[ TC_H&6G_?E?\
MM*B@#-_L#2/^@9:?]^5_P */[ TC_H&6G_?E?\ M*B@#-_L#2/^@9:?]^5
M_P */[ TC_H&6G_?E?\ M*B@#-_L#2/^@9:?]^5_P */[ TC_H&6G_?E?\
MM*B@#-_L#2/^@9:?]^5_P */[ TC_H&6G_?E?\ M*B@#-_L#2/^@9:?]^5


M5;&*36=8+Q(Q\Z/EE!_Y9+6G]EM_P#GWB_[X% %;^VM*_Z=E_W_7_&C^VM

MG;VJW]EM_P#GWB_[X% %;^VM*_Z=E_W_7_&C^VM*_Z=E_W_7_&B^DTW3;.


M &?=:AHE[:36MS?V


JRH

M_O\ K_C5G[+;_P#/O%_WP*HS7NCV]U]FFEM4FXRA R
]
^E $O\ ;6E?]!.R


MF*8)-/;4&L L/VI8Q*8]@R$)QGIZT +_ &UI7_03LO\ O^O^-']M:5_T$[+_

MUB0Q1Q^+91&BIFR7.T8_C-;= !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 96G?\AC6/^NT?_HI:U:RM._Y#&L?]=H_



TQ)M5D(





O;KU% '.^
M'F:Y\;W5RZ3.%:9(Y!


NM3M9K%+J&\O'N5NM


'K535]0UO1IK(M/%=Q/
M
=DJ
M*ZY]

MO93W%R-*U-[JY_
M:)#V)!@':20/PJL;32/LZ0+X?U$(DGF1XB8&,_[)SE1@D8''-=C10!P\-C
M:)K-S?R:5?O&ZQK#$MLRB((N!_%@^H..*N:?%IFF2I)9Z#J,91 @QQX'3()
MY/)YKK*S=9UFST&Q%W?

MD@$Y(&3P
\\54BM-)ABCC3P_J0$4[7$QL2KM]X@YSSW'0UL7?B/3;+5HM-F
MF/VF0H 
B

G((IFBN[Q7A=RV+V91DYP QP*
M 





C^W3_ - K4_\ P'_^O1_;I_Z!



M_//3?^^GK-A\9VDTT2-97
2O*L;/)M CWQ^8A;G@
./KQ2OXSM89DAN+.ZB=

KT]^*77/$EU9:/H^HVL(1+VYACDCE0LZI(
\ ?Q#TH








FLW%UY=I(EI#!%.D[

OO7=C;U!% %

_
3T



M0Y&58KQ^5:%9/AS_ )! _PN\W_HQJ -:BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH R=!_X]+G_ *_)_P#T8:UJR=!_X]+G_K\G_P#1AK6H S+[1;34=0L;V?S?

]:V**


MIG_':.@7RXYXM@4*8[AU*[4* @YZ[3BNAHH Y__ (1/2Q*[JMPFZX6?3L

MYNXH)74X*HQYY[9Z?C7)6\5\=0U*[TARR:=?2LX%T[F6
1C]R(SQ@MW]CB@#




MRH1E?./NMR#DUMZ%K%QJ;:G#?




D/G+;W&TK'.IC4E2H.#@\ T =Q=^%=
OKRZN;C[2QNU5+B/[0
MX215SA2H.




LJN;)4N+

MU[C.


(+9W83H
Y/YT6?A[3[


Q97&UE.3R

MO\
M:/

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 

MA[9K2_M33_\ G_M?^_R_XTKZ=8R.7DL[=V8Y+-$3^E)_96G_P#/A:_]^E_P
MH /[4T__ )_[7_O\O^-']J:?_P _]K_W^7_&J M;3^WS9_8K3R1:B7'DKG=N
M(ZX]*O\ ]E:?_P ^-M_WZ7_@ _M33_^?^U_[_+_ (T?VII__/\ VO\ W^7_
M !H_LK3_ /GQMO\ OTO^%']E:?\ \^-M_P!^E_PH /[4T_\ Y_[7_O\ +_C1
M_:FG_P#/_:_]_E_QH_LK3_\ GQMO^_2_X4?V5I__ #XVW_?I?\* #^U-/_Y_

M]W+YLN^X#9;&.

MTO\ A0 G]I::


M +_+_C1_:FG_ //_ &O_ '^7_&C^RM/_ .?&V_[]+_A1_96G_P#/C;?]^E_P
MH /[4T__ )_[7_O\O^-']J:?_P _]K_W^7_&C^RM/_Y\;;_OTO\ A1_96G_\
M^-M_WZ7_  H /[4T_P#Y_PU_P_R_XT?VII_P#S_P!K_P!_E_QH_LK3_P#G

M#_XJC[!J_P#T&5_\!5_QK1EEC@B:65U2-!EF8X 'J:J+K&FO8QWJWUL;:0X2
M42C8Q]C0!!_9^K_]!H?^ J_XU!_Q


%0ZB) LA)<!1\Q/7/K4;V-I)/#.]MTL(Q$Y0$
MI]#VH IC_D;6_PO$?\ HPUK5D@?\58Q_PG$?\ HPUK4 %%%% !1110 444

C_4*.IKS&72[FQ\'
MSZ7()YI]4U1$CO8HY5DE@W@F60#[I[AV!XXKUNB@#BM=TNX_P$C@U*&\E8
M6D(D6U0
2H0


MS%M=0SF.%0_E.&VG'0XZ5MT %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%

MO/
_[V5@.
A


MD@FV^:7&PCIQ@GF@#U6BF)N*+O #8Y /&:?0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%

MN* -ZBL?_A'8/^?W4/\ P):C_A'8/^?W4/\ P):@#8HK'_X1V#_G]U#_ 
6
MH_X1V#_G]U#_ ,6H V**Q_^$=@_Y_=0_P# EJ/^$=@_Y_=0_P# EJ -BBL?
M_A'8/^?W4/\ P):C_A'8/^?W4/\ P):@#8HK'_X1V#_G]U#_ 
6H_X1V#_G
M]U#_ ,6H V**Q_^$=@_Y_=0_P# EJ/^$=@_Y_=0_P# EJ //8?AWJ2?&5]6
M-U=_V&$^UJOG-M
I/^KQGH#\V*]:K'_X1V#_ )_=0_\  EJ/^$=@_P?W4/_
M  ):@#8HK'_X1V#_ )_=0_\  EJH:QI(L-*N+J^U 2Q 
I-P2
Y':@#IZ*S


O\ X$2?_%4?\(YI?_/&7_P(D_\ BJ -
5)G_KXD_^*H UJ*RO^$<TO_GC+_X$
M2?\ Q5'_  CNE_\ /&7_ 



M_OZ*T$


MG_QY6_\ US7^5 #+[R_L$_FG$?EMN.2





5O?7
.FW;'
M)E=O/AN.% YY
;'GT%=YI^CVFFKBW5S@;5\QRY1?[HST'M6C0!Y]?ZA+X=OQ







(R_[L(P^;T7)'XUF

8W'3YL9K=74?#UGIS^(;0



=\]*EGO]0ADE*7

M:3?C5-(L]06

MP



G% &



MZW/8/9


M0!SL_AG6VU#4[H-YD[.6A9KG:EQ$75O*90




WR0H8PIVM]W?NRP]
_6MW0M)@.O2M:H%L(MD\D+@[XKO;L

MZ*** *&N?\@'4/\ KWD_]!-6+/\ X\K?_KFO\JKZY_R =0_Z]Y/_ $$U3U+4




X+W

M%^W


$I%DY<F,YW;AV]^U Z5X.O9
MM.2.[F\J2*1)8VGMU8Y52I1ER0R;3@=
5IGP9*EX9H-16)//298A;+A=L7E!
M1@]











=


9)Y7(!&X=
T ;X\/6

P9MV
L3GEN!S1?^'[+4IK.:Y

M

\.745X782?8U$-PYE8M&4.\$G.=PSG/7FM'



KC
MD_C[5.E_;2);
DH9;H9A(!(88S_*N5TG3KVQ\.II%SHXDN;:-P+@
A61L'#@


 KDY./QJKY_B#




:!H&L+8Q
_F
GEC!;U^M+%I.G


.AJ

M'!!&FV@(& 1$./\ .:C\_P 0?\^5C_W_ &_PH\_Q!_SY6/\ W_;_  H =-X?
MTUXF2.UB@8KLWPH%;;T(![9'%





M4L

MT4MH(RI2&-67.TJH&


FW;N*C./3/I6;Y_B#_GRL?\ O^W^

44?EQQ(B?W54 ?E48LK18_+%M$SNVB,8SZXJ
MAY_B#_GRL?\ O^W^%'G^(/\ GRL?^_[?X4 7OL%EG/V.WS_UR'^%13Z79W,+
M1/;HJL &V*%)'ID=NU5O/\0?\^5C_P!_V_PH\_Q!_P ^5C_W_;_@#650BA5

MTZ:U$AB+XP^W.".._2JWV/6_\ H+0?^ G_ -E0!K45D_8];_ZT'_@)_\
M94?8];_ZT'_ (?_94 :F!G.!GIFG5D_8];_P@M!_X?\ V5'V/6_^@M!_

M_@)_]E0!K45D_8];_P@M!_X?\ V5'V/6_^@M!_X?_ &5 &G)&DJ%)%5T8
M8*D9!I5544*HJ.  
 5E_8];_ZT'_@)_\ 94?8];_ZT'_ (?_94 :U%9
M/V/6_P#H+0?^ G_V5'V/6_\ H+0?^ G_ -E0!K45D_8];_ZT'_@)_\ 94?8
M];_ZT'_ (?_94 :U%9/V/6_P#H+0?^ G_V5'V/6_\ H+0?^ G_ -E0!K4T



E8]@ 4$#C)]: -.BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 


C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#W^BBB@ HH
MI0!R0* $(ZUGZOJ']EZ;)=K'YC JH3.
EB .?QI-4U
:=:I(B+-))(L:)OV
M@DG')YP*Y_6=4FN;.:QN[5()0T
B[)=X(
@'H


' K5QBL/1_\ D/:[C_GM'_Z+%;M3423T\BJ#
M;AJ[ZO\ 
=1114&P4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !0



BE10I!'09':M53@K)MW

UQ8V\S@!WC5B/J







M*#TH JW5W#96SW%PXCB09)/:L@^(6BMVN9=/N(H2 (FDP#*QZ*%SG)]Z7Q%_

E2%/YUO3A%VNKW.2K.=Y6=


MK$Z@HHHH **** $Z5S.J0'4M7N+:11+%;VZ2) S%59F)&6(] ./K735QWB'B



RN2%
6T2$

='P*NZ%?W-_

MQE:46[+IL=%-N




M/ITMA

MYQ[4^;1=(L]?Q?J6C-GYK222-]X-@DG-/U/3;J*.P66]C9&NHU6W@01QJ
Y)


1FWJ)0.ZY/-7[.$:3XDBL+9I/LMQ T@C=RP1E/;

Y

OIF@L


9_I_A6Y4S@X2LS2E452-T+1114&H4AZ&EHH P-=NO._XE$%


VVVP%]+EKJ]_?2.1S@]!] .U=49J$/+\W^GR//G

MJVY?92









MX28J#(H(!]





20ANNQXUS^1H\G4-5U2TFN+
VEO9R&10SAFD






Z


M).GRVJ1JH7'5R

6%DL (=@Q9V

?='4U;)K
UZ%[C1+J*)&=V7A5ZGFJ@DY)/:YE6

%Y 0?RZ5.9HP6!D4;5RQ)Z5C0F%M*NT2SO74K

M1

FFKWVW\





4V@


M:($' PN

5Y25&!R<U1@T%[6
MVA:*1%NXI2_F <,I/*GVQ0G3O*_R'*-;EA:_GW+7]NVIN/+&\KO\KS /E+^F
M:99:TUS;3S-:3#RIFC 51DX./6J]GH'V6\YAM9(O,,BR.9!GG'O]:231;P0
M30I
GEFZ

4LD6^=HFC9 26
5W=/
6-G6
M
L 6P
\5B7.FM.NM2&UWO
JB$L.3A!T_']:BN+65/MZ36



+
L;.8R5

9.3C _.I4).[2V*=:G%I-[FO
M2?E6;%K5G


7YM%L))
MW^UO=(-_<(PW_P N*FL=3N+6-VEC\RW:]:(N9#N7+<8&.GXU;H-=?^8QQD7
PI*C)ERQ=..[T.IHKFU\1L84*PQ[S*8F=I(E(Y!W8Z'MQ4^I:V^G





Y X-.BTZ_23




MI^JP\_Z_P'.?DL+Z]E22XCAB
4#QJ$;=N9EQUP



end








begin 644 img_003.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 !? C\# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#W^BBB@ HH
MIP49) H 0CK6?J^H'2]-DNUC\Q@RJ$SC)8@#G\:;JNJ#3K5'C5)I9)%B1^
M 6)P
GG K UG59[FSFL+NWCAE#0R#RY=X*F0#T&#6M.FY-76AS5JRBFD];&W

M1=!MPU=]7^8ZBBBH-@HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****


E %6[NX+*VDN;EQ'$@RS'M60WB$QV[W,NGW$4! $3/@&5CT
M4+G.3[TOB+_7:69<?9/M8\W/K@[?UQ1KY7&DS.1]G2[&_C(R5(4_G6].$7:



(T/_ 

M &%$D@ ] )&P*TJ3?+=-]/Q^9A1IQY[2BNOX6\BMX;M%LM2UB%&9E2=0N]B2

6BBBLS

SI]TX Q^0%=#IUX+N#) $J\.*TJ47!)F%#$J

ADFSM11Q
MT')-.

+V]EU+2=*@*J
MET0S!\A6(/ )'.*O7.BZU=WL%U/

N7A6.=_NDXW?DO]:3PZ0)]5';[




Q?INB:S\UI)';[P;DDY[T_4],NHH[!9;V-HS=1J
MMO @CC49R3CDGI4?CX@77=



MP-)Y;

M9(R?J


X.$K&E&HJD;H6BBBH-0I#T-+1VH

E9/N1K_ 'F(_2L8P7&G)_95Q=R:O)/'M^QA-H7_ &BY



KCI7.3^%$NF
ME:75;YC*JJ^2G(4D@?=[$FND%%.

MS)I5C0?Q



MW(QEAHR5FW][
#['XB/74[7_ +\?_7JUH^F2Z=!-Y\XFGFD
CL%P


MV2

BLI-R=V=$(*$5%'.2M<Z-JUW<K9S7=O=;7_<

M.8?4[9[/[(?#E^8
M==WHP
&)(0W)V/
M&N?R-'DW^JZG:37%F;.WLW,BAG#-(Q&.W0<UT Y%+4NKV6OS_4I47LY.W;1?
MD.HHHK,Z HHHH JWT+3V4L:<LR\N<FM+FWA

MI!E3C(_6M:55PT.:OAU5][JC(TBRWO\ :9!\J\1Y[^_^%;N!35144*HP!P
4


MGDB(*
%=X7!XSGGKFM]M.LWNOM36\9FR#O(YR.E$EG#]FDCC@B^9M^UA\I?.


M7(9@99KEHY?E'(!88QVZM&PTP01LTX229I6F+8X#$8X^@XJPNF6*S&9;6(2
MEM^[;SN]?K2E.&U@C1K-7YK7_ S_ !(UG:! K
;J

:
=@V_=SUQZ4_PQ6WGI/Y*
M1%V!L<A?3Z5;JPN[+1]/F9K#5+)2E=JVMWVML8PNKNVFL\W_ -H%U&Q8;5^4
MA2V5P.G;GU%1P7MY:V.G:C<W32PS ?: 5&%R/E(QTYQ^=;4&FV5L6:&VC1G&
M0O;T^E5[W3S=6T=E&4BM@0'4#G:#T%'M(-VMZ_B'L:L4Y7UZ*[WT)-*DGFL

B

ML[J;1KJV2T9XH_+
)J/:-G\]M#I3=0<0&
M:/S?[FX9_*E6XA:;R1(AD_N!N?RKES93_9)+(V4AOFN/
%SU'WLAMWTXQ6QI



04%) S%
MMR$8(Y/%




*5$*/&%PA!.<CWI\M+N3SXGMIZ:


_FSW
H9
MMJ 9P#U[FVV@2120.9HQY=R\Y5%P,,,8'I47_-.D5J5




ACDD9I3+'PG'56[Y]*Z*LIQ46K'11G*:?
MF


#']:MT&NO\ P3*.

MM_SGG&[&
8S[U436/L#7@8AFEOG2/S&PJ@#/)[DJ,F5+%4X[['4T5SO_1.


Y!Q1[&=
MKV)6

DH

MTBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H/2B@]* 


M4*I);


M@ QS6G12YY=Q^PIKH9D^EBZO(YI9Y#&CB18\# 8=#G&?UK2%+VHI-M[EQA&-


C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R




MX!]/4TC1&R8R0+F$_?B';W'O[=ZX76DYWOKV/L(93AXX9T^3F76?6_=+LOQ/



M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110






MGO\ AZC\1[^[0S17$*30LKQL 593D$'N#7HTZBFO
^ QV J82=GK%[-;-?Y]

M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 -R/6C(]:^7-3UG5_[9U!$U

?B#5I2
:S=C.2 SL-P'?[W2N;ZRNQ]#_J_+3]YOY?\

U\EKXDU S-%_;TV5 .3
V/SW5M^&=9U27Q1ID4FJ7
L33QDCS6P?G


P-&A244O<_&3\^MNR'@8^4=*#G


Y2R3VE*-1U$KI/[_F?661ZT;AZBODW_A);_P#Z&;_ +^M_P#%4?\ 2:B
M60+KD[LQ&%69LG)_WJGZQ_=+_L)?\_5^'^9]8@@\CFG5QOPRGFN/ UI+-*\L
MADER[L6)^<]S79&MXOF29XV(HNA5E2;ORMK[A:***HQBBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#X^\3-M4U


)5K57*
;*S5WMZZO7Y(R1-;R75P(;!I1M55VQ




9YKS:E1MW







M#EW@;WLV;%Q:D\J?[R^A_G7T-INIVFKV$5[92K+!(
JP_D?0UZ-.JIZ=3X#
M
/!%!;
M*  1).Q.0?:O2/BH






)*$6I



)(G





=1116AQ!1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444

MZUD3Q:;((TFG4A
X7S.
OI_QGIW]J^#M4M<
T!=3NQ\R_
/PR!7S_;^#]7FFV)



M0HGRM;




MN+A(OWC?+$N.%'J:L6UV8].EN[J




W

8S
M5Z%#'$ME:-@1C$LW93W ]3_*M)KW.7^O4X
)-O%^V3O9-66U[Z)+R2NV/N!]







H
?WA_
5
MB06



#FE_N /@/5(1YEMKK^=UZ,G/U!-)8^)M5T#44T[Q$I
M:)ON3]2!ZY'WA^O\JOZJI)NE-2:Z;,R^NR@TJT'%/KNOG;8]HIJL&4
I!4C






M_173Y2#]3UK2JG*=T]C\\FFY73

M(DFFR


&)NY ]/45)&V\'/K7+[&3BYK
M9'UT


MNW&




#!7/H0=R_AG-=?I6I6^K6*75LX9''(SRI[@^]=E:[H4
M[;*_WW/.P[2Q552^)V:]+%XUSGC33H[_ 


M%OYART)

#\*W*FNXNK)Q








G[R4@$L


XSU[4


M8%9R^
=4JR4W9G)*<E)G*^/(H)
M]6AN( \$,RLH&[E, ]_QKSN:.R<%VN7=@7VY;). /IGDUZ1XRMFN;2T40F5









Z//Q






7_/-?RJ2B@?
^Y'Y
?_ #S7\J!$@.0BC\*DHH#F
25?+B10$('4M69)X/T]8W99KD%
M5)&6!Z#Z5R5:







H
MS'$#CCU/M7/IJ/CJ]43P6:11MRJE47CZ

M0STKNER4(1]U-R5[L\N*J8FI.\W&




M3C._








MH_E4E
C4K&JGJ !3ZZ38Y+QCX-M?%5C\P6&^C!\F?'3_ &6]5/Z5\[ZQHM[H


:^3)M+ 1VX&6D;W


[1VK//B75R

K*.P]34']GWW_/I)_P!])_\





]:M#87
M5BBQ2

7S;^]WBEHK.YL%
M%%%

 HHHH **** .




XR5T[DE%9
VN6R6TTL1$IBF6
M%P#CDLJ_E\U:

MO-65#'UWAAC\Z+

R)O(R$W#)'TJO!

$8_3GK4J+:O8MSBG:Y=HJH]V L+0 2H[A2RR  #GGWZ
8K)7 /
M?YJ2YU62&X2*.#S2UJ\XGEF4KA1]=U+V3N[=R_;Q44WU2?WFL10!7-OXAD
MCT]9F,$DDDHC41[\(23N&-W !XQS[4X:]<M##LAB:62Y$ 9BRJP*%MPR
]L

MX/8G&


BT&UCEC=6E*QR&2.





1







)PT9=#P1VX/';!JS?Z=(L^H+:VI
M$3QP

\X[U?NK86E]%(MDSVT=G*IC1


/7\JZW^O

5EMMV5W J1)V & 1]1








M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@



M5C@OR V?]TD5T1E3Y==_\O\ 




5IFE



C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R


MO8?$OB: @@[]



+36;QM


MM/UJ^\.W




M]V\?V
B:7!XET\9U+0V-W'MZRP_\M8S[

M+0[V*&XA271+EE2XC

T_[RXYQ]X4KHT=*HH\
MUM[XU\ 6WB@[A?R-11-J2X^5QV#C^M:?@WPP?#&@0V,\B3WEG:15X!;J!






^
MIZ%87












P(1_+( SU*YY[G KI


M/

_

M5P#PV
CEN
Y. *^A-TW3-,TJ'2+2WM+1U$BQVZ@*=PSGCK]: -6BBB@#.U
MC5[+0=







H0;L?7K0!\T:9X/^*NOC5I8H



EZ

MD\\ ULO:PR31S/%&TL6?+=D!9

9'N* /!?


M T444 %%%% !534)VM--NKE,;HH7D7=TR 3S5NHY55XF5U#*1@JPR* .?M

XVELY0DG';(/I4__11M;6LT5O+)]I=D500,%6GGZG






M.WB01@F

7[
QR?8?0=A5F@!
 4M%% !1110!__]D!
end








begin 644 img_006.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 !8 %L# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P!/M-Q_S\3?

R37DJ)TR93U]

_C^9HU'38=2M]DA*2+S%




MS9(1@N%.2Q]


UI Q\OI/*O11W0'NQ_


5;2W


MP7$R-YBJ)R)K@=

!ROXG)_X$*@L;=;J1XP5
^!Y4;-M$ASR
^OI4D-O;?98
MY;A64-.\;D-@J H(X[G)H LQ7
$M_IUZTBQNLJI


M*J68\





E()8%O)Q#*2TB;SASZGUHHH @W

begin 644 img_007.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  @&!@<&!0@'!P<)0@*#!0-# L+

C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R


N( ?G2$NCD

ME.?]TU'IVIWFBZE'?V
K074)RCKQSZ'U!Z$5I'$N]FCBK9+!1;A)W/L:BL[1

M:AJ87+0Q?NQ_MD[5_4BDW97*A%RDHK=GR]JEQ=7%RUG
S;_M$AD![N6.?UK6

MCS9XJ$.:+J6<KVU^1GS

M \2QNJCY5' QWJFJ





M_P!(@:


X9'&/Q'J/0UPU:;IOF@?38#%





TULKS
MVYY&.64?U_G7NG;I4=Q;Q7
1CE0
I[&MZE.

MI_C?39
X5W




C1VUK.;=8XS@L0!E

H1G/S=QTZUDQZK

MSCYP=V2A[



M._M2V2#SVAVRI+N5022IR!S[BJ6MVK3:7(EU
TENS*LD4:!2X+ 8SS@9K=KA

L !USC!/:A:BEH=3I\#(LD[/O
Y# $#Y% P


H7NW89

M1AQ& ^ 


MLHX
B!C^M%% Q8K:!8%5((D13N550  ^H'K2BVMP^X01AMV[(49SZ_7DT44

*BB@9/1110!__V0$!
end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Jun. 30
 2020
Aug. 10
 2021
Dec. 31
 2019






































Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



948
757











422
668.84



























































  2020
























































































Entity Incorporation
 State or Country Code












































































































Fiscal period values are FY
 Q1
 Q2
 and Q3.  1st
 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1
 Q2
 and Q3 respectively
 with 10-K
 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in YYYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.

























































For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report
 the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period.  The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.





























 -Name Forms 10-K
 10-Q
 20-F



























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.






















































































Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits
 the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits
 the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters
 and the fields are separated with a hyphen.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer
 Accelerated Filer
 Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.






















































































The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.



















































































































Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













































321
160


050
226


744
205


163
966





802
660


735
975


005
242


900
988



Accounts receivable
 net

188
777


594
130


669
177


053
899





073
827


847
104


643
922


610
523





350


465


706


180





478
774


879
900


142
252


276
556
















541


000
000


666


000
000





973


889
438


095


124
224





235
897


731
727


363
764


362
240





786
411


621
165


964
525


486
464





265
185


501
065


106
777


763
020
















472


451


079


685



Receipts in advance
 accrued expenses and other current liabilities

097


787
006


032


698
168





636
317


625
841


950
878


392
777





283


983
469


167


406
187









749


250
000





972
169


063
767


640
905


994
817
















575
463


781
805


912
863


781
805





547
632


845
572


553
768


776
622
















000
000


000
000


000
000


000
000





948
748


948
748


948
748


948
748
















139


523


801


765
228





538


488
705









300
876


890
264


150
208


221
170





717
553


655
492


553
009


986
398





265
185


501
065


106
777


763
020
































































Amount
 after allowance
 receivable from customers
 clients
 or other third-parties
 and receivables classified as other due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business
 classified as current.




























Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid nor invoiced
 and liabilities classified as other.




























Amount of excess of issue price over par or stated value of stock and from other transaction involving stock or stockholder. Includes
 but is not limited to
 additional paid-in capital (APIC) for common and preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold or consumed after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.

























































Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of receivables owed to an entity that is affiliated with the reporting entity by means of direct or indirect ownership
 which are usually due after one year (or one business cycle
 if longer).





















































































Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.

















































































































Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of amounts paid in advance for expenses which will be charged against earnings in periods after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Reflects the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of debt having initial terms less than one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019
















Common stock
 par value (in Dollars per share)






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

948
748


948
748






























































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















































112
360


575
034


188
650


270
083





112
360


575
034


188
650


270
083





155
432


358
542


526
406


073
778





485


751
174


246


928
466





843
670


025
714


459
393


018
732





671
587


135
430


558
045


020
976





099


525


420


321





030


581


768


925





447
842


489
548


639
257


308
503





097
699


820
454


815
451


328
073





350
143


669
094


823
806


980
430


























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))




















































































The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.




























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.


















































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Amount of income related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.




























Amount of selling
 general and administrative expense classified as other.




























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










































Balance at Jun. 30
 2018




708




126
520








240
740




005
968




















980
430




980
430








126
520




126
520)















Balance at Jun. 30
 2019




765
228












221
170


553
009


986
398



Balance (in Dollars) at Jun. 30
 2019 | $


801












150
208




553
009






















669
094




669
094








488
705)








488
705











Balance at Jun. 30
 2020




523








488
705




890
264


717
553


655
492



Balance (in Dollars) at Jun. 30
 2020 | $


139








538




678
414




717
553








 2019
 Oranco
 Inc. effected a one-for-ten reverse split of its issued common stock (the &#8220;Reverse Split&#8221;) and decreased the number of authorized shares of common stock of the Company (&#8220;Common Stock&#8221;) from 500
000
000 to 50
000


























































































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












































350
143


669
094


823
806


980
430
















710


107
169


646


684



Changes in assets and liabilities
 net of effects of acquisitions:












889)


834
987)


903


561





158


459
769


847


879
958



Deposits
 prepayments and other receivables

381
922


763
419


800
573)


360
934)





414


766


577


049



Receipts in advance
 accruals and other payables

574


839


664)


857)





832)


718)


626


980





692


233
064


938)


056
786)





163
892


483
415


337
230


775
085
















446)


277)











878)


958)


066
081)





136)


155)


958)


066
081)




















700)


000)





467)


250
000)













749


250
000





467)


250
000)


050


950
000





326)











796
289


886
260


883
322


659
004



Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of the year

744
205


163
966


860
883


504
962



Cash and cash equivalents
 end of the year

321
160


050
226


744
205


163
966
















754


455


768


925





160
180


261
888


753
570


903
260




























































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; excluding effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























The current period expense charged against earnings on long-lived
 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.

























































The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.



















































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.


















































































































Amount of cash paid for interest
 excluding capitalized interest
 classified as operating activity. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.




























The cash inflow from a borrowing having initial term of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























The cash outflow for a borrowing having initial term of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020









    
    
  

    
    
    
Oranco
 Inc. (the &#x201c;Company&#x201d;)
was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on June 16
 1977. The Company has been in the business of the development of mineral
deposits. During 1983 all activities were abandoned
 and the Company had remained inactive until June 29
 2018 when it acquired the business
of Reliant Galaxy International Limited (&#x201c;Reliant&#x201d;). The Company and its subsidiaries (the &#x201c;Group&#x201d;) are principally
As disclosed in the Form 8-K filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 19
 2018
 the Company entered into a business agreement with Guangzhou Silicon Technology
Co.
 Ltd on August 20
 2018 to have Guangzhou Silicon Technology Co.
 Ltd to develop an anti-counterfeiting laser recognition proprietary
Details of the subsidiaries are set out
in note 20 to the consolidated financial statements.

    
    
    
The Consolidated Financial Statements
include the financial statements of Oranco
Subsidiaries are all entities over which
the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to or has rights to variable returns from its involvement
with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated
The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with the U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. The Company operates in one reportable
segment and solely within the PRC. Accordingly
 no segment or geographic information has been presented.

    
    
    
Financial instruments of the Group primarily
consist of cash and cash equivalents
 trade receivables
 deposits
 prepayments and other receivables
 prepaid land lease
 trade payables
receipts in advance
 accruals and other payables
 and bank borrowings. The carrying values of the Group&#x2019;s financial instruments
approximate their fair values
The Group has no derivative financial
instruments.

    
    
    
Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash
on hand and highly liquid investments which are unrestricted as to withdrawal or use
 and which have maturities of three months or less
when purchased.

    
    
    
Our revenue consists primarily of the
sale of own-brand products
 wine
 and co-branded products with Fenjiu Liquor in the China. Sales of products are for cash or otherwise
agreed-upon credit terms. Our payment terms vary by location and customer. Our customers consist primarily of wholesale distributors.
Our revenue generating activities have a single performance obligation and are recognized at the point in time when control transfers
and our obligation has been fulfilled
 which is when the related goods are delivered to the customer
 depending upon the method of distribution
and shipping terms. We have elected to treat transportation as a fulfillment activity. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration
we expect to receive in exchange for our product. Our sales terms do not allow for a right of return except for matters related to any
manufacturing defects on our part. Certain customers receive cash-based incentives or credits
 which are accounted for as variable consideration.
We estimate these amounts based on the expected amount to be provided to customers and reduce revenues. We believe that there will not
be significant changes to our estimates of variable consideration.

    
    
    
We account for non-marketable equity investments
through which we exercise significant influence but do not have control over the investee under the equity method. Our non-marketable
equity securities not accounted for under the equity method are primarily accounted for under the measurement alternative. Under the measurement
alternative
 the carrying value of our non-marketable equity investments is adjusted to fair value for observable transactions for identical
or similar investments of the same issuer or impairment. Adjustments are determined primarily based on a market approach as of the transaction
date and are recorded as a component of other income (expense)
 net. Non-marketable investments that do not have stated contractual maturity
dates are classified as non-current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets

    
    
    
We periodically review our non-marketable
equity investments for impairment. We consider whether impairment indicators exist by evaluating the companies&#x2019; financial and liquidity
position
 access to capital resources and the time since the last adjustment to fair value
 among others. If the assessment indicates
that the investment is impaired
 we write down the investment to its fair value by recording the corresponding charge as a component of
other income (expense)
 net. Fair value is estimated using the best information available
 which may include cash flow projections or
other available market data.

    
    
    
Accounts receivables are stated at the
amount the Group expects to collect. The Group maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses. Management considers the
following factors when determining the collectability of specific accounts: historical experience
 creditworthiness of the clients
 aging
of the receivables and other specific circumstances related to the accounts. Allowance for doubtful accounts is made and recorded into
general and administrative expenses based on the aging of trade receivables and on any specifically identified receivables that may become
uncollectible. Trade receivables which are deemed to be uncollectible are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection
have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. The Company takes a write-off of the account balances when the
Company can demonstrate all means of collection on the outstanding balances have been exhausted. For the year ended June 30
 2020
 our
assessment considered the impact of COVID-19 and estimates of expected credit and collectability trends. Volatility in market conditions
and evolving credit trends are difficult to predict and may cause variability and volatility that may have an impact on our allowance
for credit losses in future periods. There is no allowance for doubtful accounts in these Consolidated Financial Statements.

    
    
    
Inventory consists of raw materials
 processing
cost of finished goods and finished products. Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined
using the weighted average method. The Group routinely evaluate the net realizable value of the inventories in light of current market
conditions and market trends and record a write-down against the cost of inventories should the net realizable value falls below the cost.

    
    
    
Property
 plant and equipment are carried
at cost less accumulated depreciation and any recorded impairment. Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the following
estimated useful lives:

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Repairs and maintenance are expensed as
incurred and asset improvements are capitalized. Consideration is given at each balance sheet date to determine whether there is any indication
of impairment of the carrying amounts of the property
 plant and equipment. The indication could be an unfavorable development of a business
or severe economic slowdown as well as reorganization of the operation. In assessing value in use
 the estimated future cash flows are
discounted to their present value
 based on the time value of money and the risks specific to the country where the assets are located.

    
    
    
VAT on sales is charged at 13% on revenue
from product sale&#x2019;s and is subsequently paid to the PRC tax authorities after netting input VAT on purchases. The excess of output
VAT over input VAT is recognized in other payables
 and the excess of input VAT over output VAT is recognized in other receivables in
the Consolidated Balance Sheets.&#xa0;&#xa0;

    
    
    
We determine if an arrangement is a lease
at inception. Payments under our lease arrangements are fixed. Lease assets and liabilities are recognized at the present value of the
future lease payments at the lease commencement date. The interest rate used to determine the present value of the future lease payments
is our incremental borrowing rate
 because the interest rate implicit in our leases is not readily determinable. Our incremental borrowing
rate is estimated to approximate the interest rate on a collateralized basis with similar terms and payments
 and in economic environments
where the leased asset is located. Our lease terms include periods under options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably
certain that we will exercise that option. We generally use the base
 non-cancelable
 lease term when determining the lease assets and
liabilities. Lease assets also include any prepaid lease payments and lease incentives. Operating lease assets and liabilities are included
on our Consolidated Balance Sheet beginning July 1
 2019. The current portion of our operating lease liabilities is included in accrued
expenses and other current liabilities. Should there be long term portion
 the non-current lease liabilities will be included in operating
lease liabilities. Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

    
    
    
All of the Group&#x2019;s operations are
conducted in China and as a result
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated
in currencies other than the applicable functional currencies are translated into the functional currencies at the prevailing rates of
exchange at the balance sheet date. Transactions in currencies other than the functional currency are converted into the functional currency
at the applicable rates of exchange prevailing at the transaction dates. Transaction gains and losses are recognized in the consolidated
In translating the financial statements
of the Company&#x2019;s subsidiaries outside the PRC into the reporting currency
 assets and liabilities are translated from the subsidiaries&#x2019;
functional currencies to the reporting currency at the exchange rate at the balance sheet date. Equity amounts are translated at historical
exchange rates; revenues
 expenses
 and other gains and losses are translated using the average rate for the period. Translation adjustments
are reported as cumulative translation adjustments and are shown as a separate component of other comprehensive income/(loss) in the consolidated
statements of comprehensive income. During 2020 and 2019
The Group uses the average exchange rate
for the year and the exchange rate at the balance sheet date to translate the operating results and financial position
Amounts in US$ are presented for the convenience
of the reader and are translated at the noon buying rate of US$1.00 to RMB 6.8650 on June 30
 2019 and RMB 7.0651 on June 30
 2020
 representing
the noon buying rate set forth in the H.10 statistical release of the U.S. Federal Reserve Board. No representation is made that the RMB
amounts could have been
 or could be converted
 realized or settled into US$ at such rate or at any other rate.

    
    
    
Income taxes are provided for in accordance
with the laws and regulations applicable to the Group as enacted by the relevant tax authorities. The impact of an uncertain income tax
position on the income tax return is recognized at the largest amount that is more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon audit of the related
tax authority. An uncertain income tax position will not be recognized if it has less than a 50% likelihood of being sustained. Changes
in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. The Group records interest and penalties
related to unrecognized tax benefits (if any) in interest expenses and general and administrative expenses
 respectively.

    
    
    
The novel coronavirus
 or COVID-19
pandemic has created
 and may continue to create
 significant uncertainty in macroeconomic conditions. The full extent to which the COVID-19
pandemic will directly or indirectly impact the global economy
 the lasting social effects
 and impact on the Company&#x2019;s business
results of operations
 and financial condition will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted.
As of the date of issuance of the financial statements
 the Company is not aware of any specific event of circumstance related to COVID-19
that would require it to update its estimates or judgments or adjust the carrying value of its assets or liabilities. Actual results could
differ from those estimates and any such differences may be material to the consolidated financial statements. As events continue to evolve
and additional information becomes available
 the Company&#x2019;s estimates and assumptions may change materially in future periods.

    
    
    
The Group defines fair value as the price
that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at
When determining the fair value measurements
for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded at fair value
 the Group considers the principal or most advantageous
The Group&#x2019;s financial instruments
include cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 other receivables
 accounts payable
 other payables. The Group considers the carrying
amounts approximate fair value because of the short maturity of these financial instruments.

    
    
    
We include the results of operations of
the businesses that we acquire as of the acquisition date. We allocate the purchase price of the acquisitions to the assets acquired and
liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the purchase price over the fair values of identifiable assets
and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Acquisition-related expenses are recognized separately from the business combination and are
expensed as incurred.

    
    
    
When accounting for a transfer of assets
or exchange of shares between entities under common control of the Group
 the carrying amounts of the assets and liabilities transferred
shall remain unchanged subsequent to the transaction
 and no gain or loss shall be recorded in the Group&#x2019;s consolidated statements
of operations.

    
    
    
In the normal course of business
 the
Group is subject to loss contingencies
 such as legal proceedings and claims arising out of its business
 that cover a wide range of matters
including
 among others
 government investigations
 shareholder lawsuits
 and non-income tax matters. An accrual for a loss contingency
is recognized when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. If a potential
material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible
 or is probable but cannot be estimated
 then the nature of the contingent
liability
 together with an estimate of the range of possible loss if determinable and material
 is disclosed.

    
    
    
On July 22
 2019
 the Company&#x2019;s
board of directors approved an amendment to its certificate of incorporation to effect a split of shares of the issued and outstanding
common at a &#x2018;one share for every ten shares&#x2019; ratio. The stock split was approved by the Company&#x2019;s stockholders and effected
on August 7
We record the reverse stock split to reduce
All issued and outstanding shares of common
stock amounts contained in these consolidated financial statements have been adjusted to reflect these stock splits for all periods presented.

    
    
    
We expense software development costs
including costs to develop software products or the software to be sold
 leased or marketed to external users
 before technological feasibility
is reached. Technological feasibility is typically reached shortly before the release of such products and as a result
 development costs
Software development costs also include
costs to develop software to be used solely to meet internal needs. We capitalize development costs related to these software applications
once the preliminary project sage is complete and it is probable that the project will be complete
 and the software will be used to perform
the function intended. Costs capitalized for developing such software applications were not material for the periods presented.

    
    
    
In August 2020
 the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (&#x201c;FASB&#x201d;) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. ASU 2020-06
 Debt&#x2014;Debt with Conversion and Other
Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging&#x2014;Contracts in Entity&#x2019;s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible
Instruments and Contracts in an Entity&#x2019;s Own Equity
 which simplifies the accounting for certain financial instruments with characteristics
of liabilities and equity
 including convertible instruments and contracts on an entity&#x2019;s own equity. Under current GAAP
 there
are five accounting models for convertible debt instruments. ASU 2020-06 removes from U.S. GAAP the separation models for (1) convertible
debt with a cash conversion feature and (2) convertible instruments with a beneficial conversion feature. As a result
 after adopting
the ASU&#x2019;s guidance
 entities will not separately present in equity an embedded conversion feature in such debt. Instead
 they will
account for a convertible debt instrument wholly as debt
 and for convertible preferred stock wholly as preferred stock (i.e.
 as a single
unit of account)
 unless (1) a convertible instrument contains features that require bifurcation as a derivative under ASC 815 or (2)
a convertible debt instrument was issued at a substantial premium. Additionally
 for convertible debt instruments with substantial premiums
accounted for as paid-in capital
 the FASB decided to add disclosures about (1) the fair value amount and the level of fair value hierarchy
of the entire instrument for public business entities and (2) the premium amount recorded as paid-in capital. ASU 2020-06 will be effective
for public business entities that meet the definition of a Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filer
 excluding entities eligible
to be smaller reporting companies as defined by the SEC
 for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2021
 including interim periods
within those fiscal years. For all other entities
 the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2023
 including
interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted
 but no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15
2020
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of the adoption of
Although there are several other new
accounting pronouncements issued or proposed by the FASB
 which the Company has adopted or will adopt
 as applicable
 the Company does
not believe any of these accounting pronouncements has had or will have a material impact on its consolidated financial position or results
of operations.&#xa0;



































The entire disclosure for the general note to the financial statements for the reporting entity which may include
 descriptions of the basis of presentation
 business description
 significant accounting policies
 consolidations
 reclassifications
 new pronouncements not yet adopted and changes in accounting principles.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020









    
    
Revenue represents the invoiced spirits
and wine products sold to customers less discounts
 returns
 and surcharges.

    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
104
270
083
15
188
650
85
575
034
12
112
360

    
133
321
19
420
198
525
28
099

    
104
403
404
15
208
070
85
773
559
12
140
459
All revenue is derived in China. A concentration
analysis of the revenue is as follows:

    


 2019


 2020

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
  



































The entire disclosure of revenue from contract with customer to transfer good or service and to transfer nonfinancial asset. Includes
 but is not limited to
 disaggregation of revenue
 credit loss recognized from contract with customer
 judgment and change in judgment related to contract with customer
 and asset recognized from cost incurred to obtain or fulfill contract with customer. Excludes insurance and lease contracts.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net


Jun. 30
 2020

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]




PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 NET


  
PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 NET
Property
 plant and equipment
 net
consist of the following:

    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
268
550
39
119
334
631
47
364

    
3
754
625
546
923
3
754
625
531
433

    
66
081
9
626
4
878
    

    
4
089
256
595
668
4
094
134
579
487

    
(965
032
(140
573
(1
204
696
(170
514


 plant and equipment
 net

3
124
224
455
095
2
889
438
408
973
  



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical asset used in normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 work of art
 historical treasure
 and similar asset classified as collections.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Prepaid Land Lease and Other Leases
 Net


Jun. 30
 2020






PREPAID LAND LEASE AND OTHER LEASES
 NET


    
PREPAID LAND LEASE AND OTHER LEASES
 NET
Prepaid land lease and other lease
net
 consists of the following:

    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
5
412
120
1
516
697
10
754
396
1
522
186

    
(502
700
(73
227
(1
370
204
(193
940

    
5
000
000
728
333
    
    


 net
9
909
420
1
443
470
9
384
192
1
328
246
The carrying amounts of the prepaid
land lease and other lease are analyzed as:

    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
547
180
79
706
652
465
92
350

    
9
362
240
1
363
764
8
731
727
1
235
896

    
9
909
420
1
443
470
9
384
192
1
328
246
Prepaid land lease represents the cost
of the rights of the use of the land in respect of leasehold land in the People&#x2019;s Republic of China
 on which the Group&#x2019;s
buildings are situated. Prepaid other leases represent the leases of warehouse and offices in the PRC. The prepaid land lease&#x2019; terms
are 70 years
The other lease consists of the prepayment
made in full for the lease of a warehouse for 10 years starting from August 12
 2019.



































The entire disclosure for prepaid land lease
 net.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020









    
    
  

    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
4
500
125
655
517
8
880
629
1
256
971

    
2
216
931
322
932
3
693
293
522
752

    
183
932
26
793
162
051
22
937

    
6
900
988
1
005
242
12
735
975
1
802
660
  



































The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020









    
    
  

    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
32
053
899
4
669
177
29
594
129
4
188
777

    
32
053
899
4
669
177
29
594
129
4
188
777
The Group normally allows credit terms
to well-established customers ranging from 30 to 150 days. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its accounts receivable. Overdue
accounts receivable are reviewed regularly by the Board of Directors.







The entire disclosure for claims held for amounts due a entity
 excluding financing receivables. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 trade accounts receivables
 notes receivables
 loans receivables. Includes disclosure for allowance for credit losses.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Deposits
 Prepayments and Other Receivables


Jun. 30
 2020






DEPOSITS
 PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES


    
DEPOSITS
 PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
  

    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
45
054
919
6
562
989
35
144
544
4
974
387

    
555
604
80
933
702
560
99
440

    
45
610
523
6
643
922
35
847
104
5
073
827
  













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020









    
    
  

    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
419
446
61
099
353
758
50
071

    
52
744
520
7
683
106
86
696
468
12
271
089

    
53
163
966
7
744
205
87
050
226
12
321
160
Cash held in banks earns interest at
floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates.



































The entire disclosure for cash and cash equivalent footnotes
  which may include the types of deposits and money market instruments
 applicable carrying amounts
 restricted amounts and compensating balance arrangements. Cash and equivalents include: (1) currency on hand (2) demand deposits with banks or financial institutions (3) other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits (4) short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally
 only investments maturing within three months from the date of acquisition qualify.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020









    
    
  

    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
247
685
36
079
667
451
94
472

    
247
685
36
079
667
451
94
472
For the larger suppliers
 the Group
makes payment in advance for the inventories. For the smaller suppliers
A concentration analysis of the suppliers
based on the purchases made during the year is as follows:

    


 2019


 2020

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
  








 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)
20
24)




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Receipts in Advance
 Accruals and Other Payables


Jun. 30
 2020

Receipts in Advance
 Accruals and Other Payables [Abstract]




RECEIPTS IN ADVANCE
 ACCRUALS AND OTHER PAYABLES


    
RECEIPTS IN ADVANCE
 ACCRUALS AND OTHER PAYABLES
Receipts in advance
 accruals and other
payables consist of the following:

    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
301
894
43
976
291
877
41
313

    
3
430
703
499
738
3
767
423
533
245

    
466
538
67
959
838
277
118
650

    
1
499
033
218
359
889
430
125
889

    
5
698
168
830
032
5
787
007
819
097
  







The entire disclosure for accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 and other liabilities that are classified as current at the end of the reporting period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020









    
    
  

    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
13
392
777
1
950
878
18
625
841
2
636
317

    
81
781
805
11
912
863
81
781
805
11
575
463

    
95
174
582
13
863
741
100
407
646
14
211
780
The short-term loans due to director
is interest-free
The non-current liabilities are repayable
in instalments over 15 years from 2019 onwards. The Director has not demanded repayment from the Group during the year ended June 30
2020 and will not be seeking repayment that may cause stress on the Group&#x2019;s working capital.












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020









    
    
  

    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
2
250
000
327
749
    
    

    
2
250
000
327
749
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
2
250
000
327
749
    
    

    
2
250
000
327
749
    
    
  



































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020









    
    
  

    
    
    
    

 capital
    

    
    
 shares
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2018
98
191
480
98
191
638
708
321
296
000
321
296
2
126
520
    
    
2
765
228

    
321
296
000
321
296
2
126
520
(321
296
000
(321
296
(2
126
520
    
    
    

    
    
(16
686
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2019
419
487
480
419
487
2
765
228
    
    
    
    
    
2
765
228

    
(377
538
732
(377
538
(2
488
705
    
    
    
377
538
2
488
705
    

    
    
(2
810
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2020
41
948
748
39
139
276
523
    
    
    
377
538
2
488
705
2
765
228
Each share has a nominal value of US$0.001 per
share.

    
    
The 321
296
000 shares at $0.001 per share are part of the consideration of the acquisition of Reliant Galaxy International Limited by the company were issued on May 29
 2019. The aggregated nominal value of the shares is US$321
296.
  

    
    
On July 22
 2019
 the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment with the Secretary of State of Nevada to effect a reverse stock split of the issued and outstanding shares of its common stock at a ratio of one share for every 10 shares outstanding prior to the effective date of the reverse stock split. All current and historical information contained herein related to the share and per share information for the Company&#x2019;s common stock or stock equivalents reflects the 1-for-10 reverse stock split of the Company&#x2019;s outstanding shares of common stock that became market effective on August 7
 2019. 
  













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020









    
    
The Company is subject to taxes in the
USA. The Company has had no taxable income under Federal or State tax laws. The Company has loss carryforwards totaling US$24
581 that
may be offset against future federal income taxes. If not used
The Company&#x2019;s BVI subsidiary is
The Company&#x2019;s Hong Kong subsidiary
The Company&#x2019;s PRC subsidiaries
A reconciliation of the income tax expenses
is set out below:

    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
59
308
503
8
639
258
38
489
548
5
447
842

    
14
827
126
2
159
814
9
548
779
1
361
961

    
(33
323
(4
854
9
372
095
1
326
534

    
4
696
259
684
086
(3
409
008
482
514

    
(161
989
(23
596
(691
412
(97
863

    
19
328
073
2
815
450
14
820
454
2
097
699
  



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020









    
    
As stipulated by the PRC state regulations
the subsidiaries in the PRC participate in the state-run defined contribution retirement scheme. All employees are entitled to an annual
pension payment equal to a fixed proportion of the average basic salary of the geographical area of their last employment at their retirement
date. The PRC subsidiaries are required to make contributions to the local social security bureau at 29.4% to 37.4% of the previous year&#x2019;s
average basic salary amount of the geographical area where the employees are under employment with the PRC subsidiaries. The Group has
According to the relevant rules and
regulations of the PRC
 the PRC subsidiaries and their employees are each required to make contributions to an accommodation fund at 9%
of the salaries and wages of the employees which are administered by the Public Accumulation Funds Administration Centre. There is no
further obligation for the Group except for such contributions to the accommodation fund. The Group had no significant obligation apart
from the contributions.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020









    
    
On September&#xa0;30
 2019
 the Company
adopted ASU&#xa0;2016-02&#xa0;using the modified retrospective method as of the effective date of September&#xa0;30
 2019 (the &#x201c;effective
date method&#x201d;). Under the effective date method
 financial results reported prior to 2019 are unchanged. In transition to the new
lease guidance
 the Company elected the package of practical expedients permitted under the transition guidance within the new standard
that allowed the Company to not reassess whether a contract is or contains a lease
 lease classification and initial direct costs; however
the Company did not elect the hindsight transitional practical expedient. The Company has also elected the practical expedient to not
account for lease components (e.g.
 fixed payments including rent
 real estate taxes and insurance costs) separately from the non-lease
components. After assessment of the cumulative impact of adopting ASU&#xa0;2016-02
&#xa0;it was determined that the cumulative effect
adjustment required under the new guidance was immaterial and therefore the Company did not record a retrospective adjustment to the opening
balance of retained earnings at September 30
 2020. The Company recognized additional short-term operating lease&#xa0;right-of-use&#xa0;assets
of $0.043 million and lease liabilities of $0.053&#xa0;million as of June 30
The Company is a lessee under a number
of operating leases for offices and staff residence. The Company&#x2019;s leases generally have remaining lease terms of 3 months to 1
years and some of which include options to terminate the leases within 1 year. These leases do not have rent escalation holidays
 concessions
leasehold improvement incentives
 or other&#xa0;build-out&#xa0;clauses. Further
Supplemental information related to
leases and the Company&#x2019;s Consolidated Financial Statements is as follows:

    
June
30

RMB

    
299
491
  

    



    
    

    
    

    
    
  

    
June 30


    
42
784

    
(53
306
The Group has total future minimum lease
payments under non-cancellable operating lease payable as follows:&#xa0;

    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
62
305
9
076
53
306
7
545

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
62
305
9
076
53
306
7
545
  



































The entire disclosure for operating leases of lessee. Includes
 but is not limited to
 description of operating lease and maturity analysis of operating lease liability.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020








RELATED
PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS
The Group had the following
transactions with related party balance during the financial periods:

    


2019


2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
13
392
777
1
950
878
18
625
841
2
636
317

    
81
781
805
11
912
863
81
781
805
11
575
463

    
95
174
582
13
863
741
100
407
646
14
211
780
The balance represented the amount due
to director
 Mr. Peng Yang
 for the year ended as at June 30
 2020.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020









    
    
At the end of each reporting period
neither the Group nor the Company had any significant contingent liabilities.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020









    
    
  

    
    
 incorporation
    
Attributable
Equity
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    

 2017

100
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
 On February 1
 2007
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 Ltd.

 2004

650
000
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 Ltd.

 2013

000
000
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 Ltd.

 2013

000
000 and Paid-in capital of RMB 5
000
000
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 Ltd.

 2018

000
000
    
    
  

    
    
The subsidiary was registered with payable share capital and the Company committed to pay up its share of the issued capital in the amount of RMB 510
000 on March 31
 2037
 which is 20 years from the date of incorporation permitted by the Regulation of the People&#x2019;s Republic of China on Company Registration. The amount due to the subsidiary is interest-free and unsecured.
  












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020









    
    
  

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 Ltd

 2015

000
000
    

 sale and provision of software solutions
  

    
    
On September 1
 2018
 Fenyang Huaxin Spirit Development Co.
 Ltd acquired 20% of Guangzhou Silicon Technology Co.
 Ltd which then became an associate of the Company.
  













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Accounting Policies
 by Policy (Policies)


Jun. 30
 2020








    
Oranco
 Inc. (the &#x201c;Company&#x201d;)
was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on June 16
 1977. The Company has been in the business of the development of mineral
deposits. During 1983 all activities were abandoned
 and the Company had remained inactive until June 29
 2018 when it acquired the business
of Reliant Galaxy International Limited (&#x201c;Reliant&#x201d;). The Company and its subsidiaries (the &#x201c;Group&#x201d;) are principally
As disclosed in the Form 8-K filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 19
 2018
 the Company entered into a business agreement with Guangzhou Silicon Technology
Co.
 Ltd on August 20
 2018 to have Guangzhou Silicon Technology Co.
 Ltd to develop an anti-counterfeiting laser recognition proprietary
Details of the subsidiaries are set out
in note 20 to the consolidated financial statements.





    
The Consolidated Financial Statements
include the financial statements of Oranco
Subsidiaries are all entities over which
the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to or has rights to variable returns from its involvement
with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated
The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with the U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. The Company operates in one reportable
segment and solely within the PRC. Accordingly
 no segment or geographic information has been presented.





    
Financial instruments of the Group primarily
consist of cash and cash equivalents
 trade receivables
 deposits
 prepayments and other receivables
 prepaid land lease
 trade payables
receipts in advance
 accruals and other payables
 and bank borrowings. The carrying values of the Group&#x2019;s financial instruments
approximate their fair values
The Group has no derivative financial
instruments.





    
Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash
on hand and highly liquid investments which are unrestricted as to withdrawal or use
 and which have maturities of three months or less
when purchased.





    
Our revenue consists primarily of the
sale of own-brand products
 wine
 and co-branded products with Fenjiu Liquor in the China. Sales of products are for cash or otherwise
agreed-upon credit terms. Our payment terms vary by location and customer. Our customers consist primarily of wholesale distributors.
Our revenue generating activities have a single performance obligation and are recognized at the point in time when control transfers
and our obligation has been fulfilled
 which is when the related goods are delivered to the customer
 depending upon the method of distribution
and shipping terms. We have elected to treat transportation as a fulfillment activity. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration
we expect to receive in exchange for our product. Our sales terms do not allow for a right of return except for matters related to any
manufacturing defects on our part. Certain customers receive cash-based incentives or credits
 which are accounted for as variable consideration.
We estimate these amounts based on the expected amount to be provided to customers and reduce revenues. We believe that there will not
be significant changes to our estimates of variable consideration.





    
Accounts receivables are stated at the
amount the Group expects to collect. The Group maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses. Management considers the
following factors when determining the collectability of specific accounts: historical experience
 creditworthiness of the clients
 aging
of the receivables and other specific circumstances related to the accounts. Allowance for doubtful accounts is made and recorded into
general and administrative expenses based on the aging of trade receivables and on any specifically identified receivables that may become
uncollectible. Trade receivables which are deemed to be uncollectible are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection
have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. The Company takes a write-off of the account balances when the
Company can demonstrate all means of collection on the outstanding balances have been exhausted. For the year ended June 30
 2020
 our
assessment considered the impact of COVID-19 and estimates of expected credit and collectability trends. Volatility in market conditions
and evolving credit trends are difficult to predict and may cause variability and volatility that may have an impact on our allowance
for credit losses in future periods. There is no allowance for doubtful accounts in these Consolidated Financial Statements.





    
Inventory consists of raw materials
 processing
cost of finished goods and finished products. Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined
using the weighted average method. The Group routinely evaluate the net realizable value of the inventories in light of current market
conditions and market trends and record a write-down against the cost of inventories should the net realizable value falls below the cost.





    
Property
 plant and equipment are carried
at cost less accumulated depreciation and any recorded impairment. Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the following
estimated useful lives:

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Repairs and maintenance are expensed as
incurred and asset improvements are capitalized. Consideration is given at each balance sheet date to determine whether there is any indication
of impairment of the carrying amounts of the property
 plant and equipment. The indication could be an unfavorable development of a business
or severe economic slowdown as well as reorganization of the operation. In assessing value in use
 the estimated future cash flows are
discounted to their present value
 based on the time value of money and the risks specific to the country where the assets are located.





    
VAT on sales is charged at 13% on revenue
from product sale&#x2019;s and is subsequently paid to the PRC tax authorities after netting input VAT on purchases. The excess of output
VAT over input VAT is recognized in other payables
 and the excess of input VAT over output VAT is recognized in other receivables in
the Consolidated Balance Sheets.





    
We determine if an arrangement is a lease
at inception. Payments under our lease arrangements are fixed. Lease assets and liabilities are recognized at the present value of the
future lease payments at the lease commencement date. The interest rate used to determine the present value of the future lease payments
is our incremental borrowing rate
 because the interest rate implicit in our leases is not readily determinable. Our incremental borrowing
rate is estimated to approximate the interest rate on a collateralized basis with similar terms and payments
 and in economic environments
where the leased asset is located. Our lease terms include periods under options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably
certain that we will exercise that option. We generally use the base
 non-cancelable
 lease term when determining the lease assets and
liabilities. Lease assets also include any prepaid lease payments and lease incentives. Operating lease assets and liabilities are included
on our Consolidated Balance Sheet beginning July 1
 2019. The current portion of our operating lease liabilities is included in accrued
expenses and other current liabilities. Should there be long term portion
 the non-current lease liabilities will be included in operating
lease liabilities. Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.





    
All of the Group&#x2019;s operations are
conducted in China and as a result
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated
in currencies other than the applicable functional currencies are translated into the functional currencies at the prevailing rates of
exchange at the balance sheet date. Transactions in currencies other than the functional currency are converted into the functional currency
at the applicable rates of exchange prevailing at the transaction dates. Transaction gains and losses are recognized in the consolidated
In translating the financial statements
of the Company&#x2019;s subsidiaries outside the PRC into the reporting currency
 assets and liabilities are translated from the subsidiaries&#x2019;
functional currencies to the reporting currency at the exchange rate at the balance sheet date. Equity amounts are translated at historical
exchange rates; revenues
 expenses
 and other gains and losses are translated using the average rate for the period. Translation adjustments
are reported as cumulative translation adjustments and are shown as a separate component of other comprehensive income/(loss) in the consolidated
statements of comprehensive income. During 2020 and 2019
The Group uses the average exchange rate
for the year and the exchange rate at the balance sheet date to translate the operating results and financial position
Amounts in US$ are presented for the convenience
of the reader and are translated at the noon buying rate of US$1.00 to RMB 6.8650 on June 30
 2019 and RMB 7.0651 on June 30
 2020
 representing
the noon buying rate set forth in the H.10 statistical release of the U.S. Federal Reserve Board. No representation is made that the RMB
amounts could have been
 or could be converted
 realized or settled into US$ at such rate or at any other rate.





    
Income taxes are provided for in accordance
with the laws and regulations applicable to the Group as enacted by the relevant tax authorities. The impact of an uncertain income tax
position on the income tax return is recognized at the largest amount that is more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon audit of the related
tax authority. An uncertain income tax position will not be recognized if it has less than a 50% likelihood of being sustained. Changes
in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. The Group records interest and penalties
related to unrecognized tax benefits (if any) in interest expenses and general and administrative expenses
 respectively.





    
The novel coronavirus
 or COVID-19
pandemic has created
 and may continue to create
 significant uncertainty in macroeconomic conditions. The full extent to which the COVID-19
pandemic will directly or indirectly impact the global economy
 the lasting social effects
 and impact on the Company&#x2019;s business
results of operations
 and financial condition will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted.
As of the date of issuance of the financial statements
 the Company is not aware of any specific event of circumstance related to COVID-19
that would require it to update its estimates or judgments or adjust the carrying value of its assets or liabilities. Actual results could
differ from those estimates and any such differences may be material to the consolidated financial statements. As events continue to evolve
and additional information becomes available
 the Company&#x2019;s estimates and assumptions may change materially in future periods.





    
The Group defines fair value as the price
that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at
When determining the fair value measurements
for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded at fair value
 the Group considers the principal or most advantageous
The Group&#x2019;s financial instruments
include cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 other receivables
 accounts payable
 other payables. The Group considers the carrying
amounts approximate fair value because of the short maturity of these financial instruments.





    
We include the results of operations of
the businesses that we acquire as of the acquisition date. We allocate the purchase price of the acquisitions to the assets acquired and
liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the purchase price over the fair values of identifiable assets
and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Acquisition-related expenses are recognized separately from the business combination and are
expensed as incurred.





    
When accounting for a transfer of assets
or exchange of shares between entities under common control of the Group
 the carrying amounts of the assets and liabilities transferred
shall remain unchanged subsequent to the transaction
 and no gain or loss shall be recorded in the Group&#x2019;s consolidated statements
of operations.





    
In the normal course of business
 the
Group is subject to loss contingencies
 such as legal proceedings and claims arising out of its business
 that cover a wide range of matters
including
 among others
 government investigations
 shareholder lawsuits
 and non-income tax matters. An accrual for a loss contingency
is recognized when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. If a potential
material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible
 or is probable but cannot be estimated
 then the nature of the contingent
liability
 together with an estimate of the range of possible loss if determinable and material
 is disclosed





    
On July 22
 2019
 the Company&#x2019;s
board of directors approved an amendment to its certificate of incorporation to effect a split of shares of the issued and outstanding
common at a &#x2018;one share for every ten shares&#x2019; ratio. The stock split was approved by the Company&#x2019;s stockholders and effected
on August 7
We record the reverse stock split to reduce
All issued and outstanding shares of common
stock amounts contained in these consolidated financial statements have been adjusted to reflect these stock splits for all periods presented.





    
We expense software development costs
including costs to develop software products or the software to be sold
 leased or marketed to external users
 before technological feasibility
is reached. Technological feasibility is typically reached shortly before the release of such products and as a result
 development costs
Software development costs also include
costs to develop software to be used solely to meet internal needs. We capitalize development costs related to these software applications
once the preliminary project sage is complete and it is probable that the project will be complete
 and the software will be used to perform
the function intended. Costs capitalized for developing such software applications were not material for the periods presented.





    
In August 2020
 the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (&#x201c;FASB&#x201d;) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. ASU 2020-06
 Debt&#x2014;Debt with Conversion and Other
Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging&#x2014;Contracts in Entity&#x2019;s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible
Instruments and Contracts in an Entity&#x2019;s Own Equity
 which simplifies the accounting for certain financial instruments with characteristics
of liabilities and equity
 including convertible instruments and contracts on an entity&#x2019;s own equity. Under current GAAP
 there
are five accounting models for convertible debt instruments. ASU 2020-06 removes from U.S. GAAP the separation models for (1) convertible
debt with a cash conversion feature and (2) convertible instruments with a beneficial conversion feature. As a result
 after adopting
the ASU&#x2019;s guidance
 entities will not separately present in equity an embedded conversion feature in such debt. Instead
 they will
account for a convertible debt instrument wholly as debt
 and for convertible preferred stock wholly as preferred stock (i.e.
 as a single
unit of account)
 unless (1) a convertible instrument contains features that require bifurcation as a derivative under ASC 815 or (2)
a convertible debt instrument was issued at a substantial premium. Additionally
 for convertible debt instruments with substantial premiums
accounted for as paid-in capital
 the FASB decided to add disclosures about (1) the fair value amount and the level of fair value hierarchy
of the entire instrument for public business entities and (2) the premium amount recorded as paid-in capital. ASU 2020-06 will be effective
for public business entities that meet the definition of a Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filer
 excluding entities eligible
to be smaller reporting companies as defined by the SEC
 for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2021
 including interim periods
within those fiscal years. For all other entities
 the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2023
 including
interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted
 but no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15
2020
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of the adoption of
Although there are several other new
accounting pronouncements issued or proposed by the FASB
 which the Company has adopted or will adopt
 as applicable
 the Company does
not believe any of these accounting pronouncements has had or will have a material impact on its consolidated financial position or results
of operations.





    
We account for non-marketable equity investments
through which we exercise significant influence but do not have control over the investee under the equity method. Our non-marketable
equity securities not accounted for under the equity method are primarily accounted for under the measurement alternative. Under the measurement
alternative
 the carrying value of our non-marketable equity investments is adjusted to fair value for observable transactions for identical
or similar investments of the same issuer or impairment. Adjustments are determined primarily based on a market approach as of the transaction
date and are recorded as a component of other income (expense)
 net. Non-marketable investments that do not have stated contractual maturity
dates are classified as non-current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets





    
We periodically review our non-marketable
equity investments for impairment. We consider whether impairment indicators exist by evaluating the companies&#x2019; financial and liquidity
position
 access to capital resources and the time since the last adjustment to fair value
 among others. If the assessment indicates
that the investment is impaired
 we write down the investment to its fair value by recording the corresponding charge as a component of
other income (expense)
 net. Fair value is estimated using the best information available
 which may include cash flow projections or
other available market data.


























































































































Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.


















































































































Disclosure of accounting policy for completed business combinations (purchase method
 acquisition method or combination of entities under common control). This accounting policy may include a general discussion of the purchase method or acquisition method of accounting (including for example
 the treatment accorded contingent consideration
 the identification of assets and liabilities
 the purchase price allocation process
 how the fair values of acquired assets and liabilities are determined) and the entity's specific application thereof. An entity that acquires another entity in a leveraged buyout transaction generally discloses the accounting policy followed by the acquiring entity in determining the basis used to value its interest in the acquired entity
 and the rationale for that accounting policy.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for commitments and contingencies
 which may include policies for recognizing and measuring loss and gain contingencies.




























Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for fair value measurements of financial and non-financial assets
 liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for (1) transactions denominated in a currency other than the reporting enterprise's functional currency
 (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation
 combination
 or the equity method of accounting
 and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical asset used in normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 work of art
 historical treasure
 and similar asset classified as collections.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for a combination of entities that is not accounted for using the purchase method (for example
 exchange of shares between entities under common control).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for determining the allowance for doubtful accounts for trade and other accounts receivable balances
 and when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for its research and development and computer software activities including the accounting treatment for costs incurred for (1) research and development activities
 (2) development of computer software for internal use
 (3) computer software to be sold
 leased or otherwise marketed as a separate product or as part of a product or process and (4) in-process research and development acquired in a purchase business combination.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020









    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
  



































Tabular disclosure of public utility physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 deprecation expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020






Schedule of invoiced spirits products sold to the external customers less discounts
 returns
 and surcharges


    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
104
270
083
15
188
650
85
575
034
12
112
360

    
133
321
19
420
198
525
28
099

    
104
403
404
15
208
070
85
773
559
12
140
459
  






    


 2019


 2020

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
  



































Tabular disclosure of disaggregation of revenue into categories depicting how nature
 amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factor.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net (Tables)


Jun. 30
 2020

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]




Schedule of property
 plant and equipment
 net


    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
268
550
39
119
334
631
47
364

    
3
754
625
546
923
3
754
625
531
433

    
66
081
9
626
4
878
    

    
4
089
256
595
668
4
094
134
579
487

    
(965
032
(140
573
(1
204
696
(170
514


 plant and equipment
 net

3
124
224
455
095
2
889
438
408
973
  



































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Prepaid Land Lease and Other Leases
 Net (Tables)


Jun. 30
 2020






Schedule of prepaid land lease
 net


    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
5
412
120
1
516
697
10
754
396
1
522
186

    
(502
700
(73
227
(1
370
204
(193
940

    
5
000
000
728
333
    
    


 net
9
909
420
1
443
470
9
384
192
1
328
246
  






    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
547
180
79
706
652
465
92
350

    
9
362
240
1
363
764
8
731
727
1
235
896

    
9
909
420
1
443
470
9
384
192
1
328
246
  































































Tabular disclosure of prepaid land lease
 net.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020









    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
4
500
125
655
517
8
880
629
1
256
971

    
2
216
931
322
932
3
693
293
522
752

    
183
932
26
793
162
051
22
937

    
6
900
988
1
005
242
12
735
975
1
802
660
  



































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020









    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
32
053
899
4
669
177
29
594
129
4
188
777

    
32
053
899
4
669
177
29
594
129
4
188
777
  



































Tabular disclosure of the various types of trade accounts and notes receivable and for each the gross carrying value
 allowance
 and net carrying value as of the balance sheet date. Presentation is categorized by current
 noncurrent and unclassified receivables.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3
4)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Deposits
 Prepayments and Other Receivables (Tables)


Jun. 30
 2020









    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
45
054
919
6
562
989
35
144
544
4
974
387

    
555
604
80
933
702
560
99
440

    
45
610
523
6
643
922
35
847
104
5
073
827
  













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020









    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
419
446
61
099
353
758
50
071

    
52
744
520
7
683
106
86
696
468
12
271
089

    
53
163
966
7
744
205
87
050
226
12
321
160
  













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020









    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
247
685
36
079
667
451
94
472

    
247
685
36
079
667
451
94
472
  






    


 2019


 2020

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
  



































Tabular disclosure of the (a) carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business (accounts payable); (b) other payables; and (c) accrued liabilities. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). An alternative caption includes accrued expenses.




























Tabular disclosure of the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker
 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Receipts in Advance
 Accruals and Other Payables (Tables)


Jun. 30
 2020

Receipts in Advance
 Accruals and Other Payables [Abstract]




Schedule of receipts in advance
 accruals and other payables


    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
301
894
43
976
291
877
41
313

    
3
430
703
499
738
3
767
423
533
245

    
466
538
67
959
838
277
118
650

    
1
499
033
218
359
889
430
125
889

    
5
698
168
830
032
5
787
007
819
097
  












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020









    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
13
392
777
1
950
878
18
625
841
2
636
317

    
81
781
805
11
912
863
81
781
805
11
575
463

    
95
174
582
13
863
741
100
407
646
14
211
780
  













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020









    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
2
250
000
327
749
    
    

    
2
250
000
327
749
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
2
250
000
327
749
    
    

    
2
250
000
327
749
    
    
  



































Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to short-term and long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020









    
    
    
    

 capital
    

    
    
 shares
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2018
98
191
480
98
191
638
708
321
296
000
321
296
2
126
520
    
    
2
765
228

    
321
296
000
321
296
2
126
520
(321
296
000
(321
296
(2
126
520
    
    
    

    
    
(16
686
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2019
419
487
480
419
487
2
765
228
    
    
    
    
    
2
765
228

    
(377
538
732
(377
538
(2
488
705
    
    
    
377
538
2
488
705
    

    
    
(2
810
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2020
41
948
748
39
139
276
523
    
    
    
377
538
2
488
705
2
765
228
  













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020









    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
59
308
503
8
639
258
38
489
548
5
447
842

    
14
827
126
2
159
814
9
548
779
1
361
961

    
(33
323
(4
854
9
372
095
1
326
534

    
4
696
259
684
086
(3
409
008
482
514

    
(161
989
(23
596
(691
412
(97
863

    
19
328
073
2
815
450
14
820
454
2
097
699
  













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020









    
June
30

RMB

    
299
491
  

    



    
    

    
    

    
    
  

    
June 30


    
42
784

    
(53
306
  






    

 2019

 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
62
305
9
076
53
306
7
545

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
62
305
9
076
53
306
7
545
  









































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020









    


2019


2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
13
392
777
1
950
878
18
625
841
2
636
317

    
81
781
805
11
912
863
81
781
805
11
575
463

    
95
174
582
13
863
741
100
407
646
14
211
780
  



































Tabular disclosure of related party transactions. Examples of related party transactions include
 but are not limited to
 transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners and (d) affiliates.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020









    
    
 incorporation
    
Attributable
Equity
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    

 2017

100
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
 On February 1
 2007
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 Ltd.

 2004

650
000
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 Ltd.

 2013

000
000
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 Ltd.

 2013

000
000 and Paid-in capital of RMB 5
000
000
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 Ltd.

 2018

000
000
    
    
  












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020









    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 Ltd

 2015

000
000
    

 sale and provision of software solutions
  













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019
















Likelihood
 description










































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020






Public Utility
 Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Public Utility
 Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Public Utility
 Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Public Utility
 Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Public Utility
 Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Public Utility
 Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Public Utility
 Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]













Describes the periods of time over which an entity anticipates to receive utility from its property
 plant and equipment (that is
 the periods of time over which an entity allocates the initial cost of its property
 plant and equipment).




























Stated as a percentage
 the estimated or actual value of the asset at the end of its useful life or when it is no longer serviceable (cannot be used for its original purpose) divided by its [historical] capitalized cost.













































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Revenue and Other Income  (Details) - Schedule of invoiced spirits products sold to the external customers less discounts
 returns
 and surcharges



















































575
034




270
083







525




321







773
559




403
404



























112
360




188
650







099




420







140
459




208
070






































The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).




























Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.




























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019







































































































































































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.


































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net (Details) - Schedule of property
 plant and equipment
 net






















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

487


094
134


668


089
256





514)


204
696)


573)


032)



Property
 plant and equipment
 net


973


889
438


095


124
224














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

364


631


119


550














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

433


754
625


923


754
625














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










Property
 plant and equipment
 gross



878


626


081







Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Prepaid Land Lease and Other Leases
 Net (Details)




Aug. 12
 2019
Jun. 30
 2020













 ending in 2082.

















































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Prepaid Land Lease and Other Leases
 Net (Details) - Schedule of prepaid land lease
 net






















Schedule of prepaid land lease
 net [Abstract]












522
186


754
396


516
697


412
120





940)


370
204)


227)


700)









333


000
000



Prepaid land lease and other leases
 net

328
246


384
192


443
470


909
420



































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Prepaid Land Lease and Other Leases
 Net (Details) - Schedule of carrying amounts of prepaid land lease



































350


465


706


180





235
896


731
727


363
764


362
240



Prepaid land lease
 net

328
246


384
192


443
470


909
420







Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for other costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for expenses which will be charged against earnings in periods after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









































256
971


880
629


517


500
125





752


693
293


932


216
931





937


051


793


932



Inventories
 net

802
660


735
975


005
242


900
988



































Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or goods expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of raw materials expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of other inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020





















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









































188
777


594
129


669
177


053
899





188
777


594
129


669
177


053
899



































Amount
 before allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business
 classified as current.




























Amount
 before valuation allowance
 of accounts receivable held for sale.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Deposits
 Prepayments and Other Receivables (Details) - Schedule of deposits and prepaid expenses



































974
387


144
544


562
989


054
919





440


560


933


604





073
827


847
104


643
922


610
523































































Amount due from parties in nontrade transactions
 classified as other.




























Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of expenditures made in advance of when the economic benefit of the cost will be realized
 and which will be expensed in future periods with the passage of time or when a triggering event occurs.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









































071


758


099


446





271
089


696
468


683
106


744
520





321
160


050
226


744
205


163
966





























































































For banks and other depository institutions: Includes cash on hand (currency and coin)
 cash items in process of collection
 noninterest bearing deposits due from other financial institutions (including corporate credit unions)
 and noninterest bearing balances with the Federal Reserve Banks
 Federal Home Loan Banks and central banks.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020






Trade Payables Credit terms
 description

 the Group obtains credit terms ranging from 30 to 90 days.







Trade Payables Credit terms
 description.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









































472


451


079


685



























472


451


079


685








































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019







































































































































































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.



































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Receipts in Advance
 Accruals and Other Payables (Details) - Schedule of receipts in advance
 accruals and other payables






















Schedule of receipts in advance
 accruals and other payables [Abstract]












313


877


976


894





245


767
423


738


430
703





650


277


959


538





889


430


359


499
033





097


787
007


032


698
168




























































































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable for statutory payroll taxes incurred through that date and withheld from employees pertaining to services received from them
 including entity's matching share of the employees FICA taxes and contributions to the state and federal unemployment insurance programs. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable for statutory income
 sales
 use
 payroll
 excise
 real
 property and other taxes. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020





















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






















































625
841




392
777







781
805




781
805







407
646




174
582



























636
317




950
878







575
463




912
863







211
780




863
741


































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.15(3)
(4))



























Amount of obligation due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


























































250
000











250
000






















250
000











250
000































749











749






















749











749

































































Amount of short-term debt and current maturity of long-term debt and capital lease obligations due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
























































Amount of long-term debt and lease obligation
 classified as current.




























Reflects the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of debt having initial terms less than one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Jul. 22
 2019








































Reverse stock split
 description

 2019
 the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment with the Secretary of State of Nevada to effect a reverse stock split of the issued and outstanding shares of its common stock at a ratio of one share for every 10 shares outstanding prior to the effective date of the reverse stock split. All current and historical information contained herein related to the share and per share information for the Company&#x2019;s common stock or stock equivalents reflects the 1-for-10 reverse stock split of the Company&#x2019;s outstanding shares of common stock that became market effective on August 7
 2019.



































296
000














































296





































Value of equity interests (such as common shares
 preferred shares
 or partnership interest) issued or issuable to acquire the entity.



















































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















































765
228




765
228












































765
228




765
228






























487
480


487
480


191
480


191
480






487


765
228


191


708










296
000


296
000










296


126
520






538
732)


538
732)










538)


488
705)










810)




686)








948
748


948
748


487
480


487
480






139


523


487


765
228


































296
000


296
000










296


126
520










296
000)


296
000)










296)


126
520)


















































































































538


488
705






















538


488
705











296
000 shares at $0.001 per share are part of the consideration of the acquisition of Reliant Galaxy International Limited by the company were issued on May 29
 2019. The aggregated nominal value of the shares is US$321





 2019
 the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment with the Secretary of State of Nevada to effect a reverse stock split of the issued and outstanding shares of its common stock at a ratio of one share for every 10 shares outstanding prior to the effective date of the reverse stock split. All current and historical information contained herein related to the share and per share information for the Company&#8217;s common stock or stock equivalents reflects the 1-for-10 reverse stock split of the Company&#8217;s outstanding shares of common stock that became market effective on August 7












































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



















Operating loss carryforward
 description





















581
































































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

























































489
548




308
503







548
779




827
126







372
095




323)







409
008)




696
259







412)




989)







820
454




328
073



























447
842




639
258







361
961




159
814







326
534




854)







514




086







863)




596)







097
699




815
450





































Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.
















































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020






Contributions
 description




Contributions to an accommodation fund (salaries and wages of the employees)
 percentage











































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















491















784





306)







Operating Lease
 Liability
 Total





















































































Amount of single lease cost
 calculated by allocation of remaining cost of lease over remaining lease term. Includes
 but is not limited to
 single lease cost
 after impairment of right-of-use asset
 calculated by amortization of remaining right-of-use asset and accretion of lease liability.

























































Weighted average remaining lease term for operating lease
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









































545


306


076


305






































545


306


076


305
































































Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






















































625
841




392
777







781
805




781
805







407
646




174
582



























636
317




950
878







575
463




912
863







211
780




863
741





























































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


























  2037















000
































































Date the debt instrument was issued
 in YYYY-MM-DD format.




























Period of time between issuance and maturity of debt instrument
 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020















 2017






100






























 2007






















Fujian Jinou Trading Co.
 Ltd. [Member]













 2004






650
000
















Fenyang Huaxin Spirit Development Co.
 Ltd. [Member]













 2013






000
000
















Fenyang Jinqiang Spirit Co.
 Ltd. [Member]













 2013






000
000 and Paid-in capital of RMB 5
000
000
















Beijing Huaxin Tianchuang Enterprise Management Consulting Co.
 Ltd. [Member]













 2018






000
000



















000 on March 31
 2037







The parent entity's interest in net assets of the subsidiary
 expressed as a percentage.






























































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Sep. 01
 2018


Fenyang Huaxin Spirit Development Co.
 Ltd. [Member]



















































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Investment (Details) - Schedule of investment - Guangzhou Silicon Technology Co.
 Ltd [Member]


Jun. 30
 2020








 2015










 sale and provision of software solutions





000
000


























































































































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( #!N%U

O87!P+GAM

M3L

B7ZU-P.P2E*S[ #K_1!
M[1#JJKH!AZ2
(@4SL/ +D
MZ(]3U\(%


(@XO?!30+

$%     @ 





B0103 9IZ_PP JE3%ZU6FD PSA]R1








M







_#






MX




MDJB.\9Y;M6
A'SE@+HK+5^Z
[Q\GR^D]62RG%PCJ=8UZC:+6R?CZOK
2XN&^
MU_F
4/1JBAXJ


MD/HU4K\-TD/^G







MU#S=4



@.


MW#/M0S B.[8O4/&4I$:&NA%#I(TDE
3$5(&N,B1+#!22;7BL&$8D-X;*HO


MWF^:W$A6.Y_413)/P;W#C@45CQ@.!0621NH1PV$4 P

G\TT
Z:,\1UD:U\6;WZP3JW[4[D?IE+


M&4W!Q=ETZWLZ&^_IO^RR[5IMY4C@42:JJ4\:A-(,]?J^.LBR'2RPDT%!I&

P3%A



MKXL/_P'AYF]02P
$%     @ 


M8Y
D('ECK*HZ

MG\(IFNZ=1[WSR/.-]O#-+7K&^VB)6I(;+M$Y9X+


MH(AX%:G49#8+IHNPV2;HNBZ(-BT;&PDNA*=)(_?B2DB/;)*5X\Q)\IE#


M]_G36ML/T=5TDS[)!ZF_;.YJTXIZEBPO9=7DJ@*U7%U.KM'% L76H$7\GLN7

M%6_$/*:-G*GBCSS3Z\N)F(!

ME3MCTR[SJGNFKSM''!B0(0.\
\G&I= 3G5@.X
Z*D&;&?02H\Z[:WCYJE.


MF='V0\9O0[[!HXR_;*MS0. / $

OSS
P=F'CQ] !)IU6LLF

+9-_#-/O\)




MB3_#
4=


@')?
 X2
4B=F%D$)G9XA(^

L([HL&.*KU5[V6



/-$^)1.8


M:&5E='

MG4X_B%A)/-A63I*3H]

M):S7F7$^/]$T-I[A&+%C





F+;&EG

PXN)';#'. )F T0Q1/-1@G[!5S^
Y+.^%9$(2R.J$(W*

X<12@98X X&*;),3#A(3@[JE6?\[D94RR<2[ZCNFY4-@NUE=C


O'V6\J)K]+ KFO@BLP:U7K2ZG&'U;TGGF$]
M;LLP#%UW*VOB-C=TU^NE;9L0^I5=HT?


)P0Q.OU


ML$.S4/ES7=NL%/D;A9WON)ZE5_.O






MG%DGM5Z8XH\\:[8W
SF+

M'PPSV.5E]YG\Z(DX&4#PR #2#R!O'4#[ ?2M U@_@+UU .\'M*[/.]];XI9)



M=&6RS*)D9ZHF_U_[($1H9XZ?^(5Y+#!R^ S 


M]T%2=[

M*


HPM.JZ/ZU3VY
=2JY[-SW



J+H

M)* !*)8L=O33(@0DA$_

MXLETBV\3=
C'N9NLFXLQVI
?:

 (-




';#


?OVY=7:-(W9M9=;G62ZL@#X?F-
\WIC?^#XAO7V_U!+ P04

M=M2_?L_OG#

^?]'OYXU[O/?F7M4'Y9MYW_Z=%J&#;?/W[L



S &1;
M6PW8P=!_;NV5;5ML1&#\J7L^BD?BQ?S?8??7C#OA

MK.WC.WPOK_[IU5\GF*_JF\]_W]Y)VN?/GM45J,?^K6^3!LFT[^:[XH';(7








;\\#6+I;;6_)[FS(B@QX1 IDG6F+VFYZWY U*U^.#@P_

$@P?(=-T8E]*2% K(%]\




+ .]K=\?O*?Y:)I+0X:5@7+

S2






2#.$NSE!]VDQDJ;\E
MM^MFDJDC#6&+0WA
[B^%8V3Q_H( B@;;$7;TXM$OMEP^),9.P=[^00+'@\
MN4@S)STRMEA=)TO%ZY?





M^N!&X]E!5L:O&&[^AR5W=4LVG]Z=@;
UT*PL/2
TZ5%PHS

MBWE)4Y
!H]];
#;L26_*FH)?V+#LEZ:^!=-F8(H;39MO'-_@9^2B/Y?SWE$X










M!Z@^14$3NIP6Q XR-M$4^T!7\I)RF$A'N@L!9\YDAL^MNF%O02O. Z0316
M-NB$L'U.
D5_2P !4:\0&$AD;6@S7Q6$!&FL.D#90*$;!0.87*T.[?]-W)




M+C0DBD4-
)JKEQRX&.A8/2#KN#X.C?BKA;39$J$UA3%BFV2& NU&@+P+K5



D3([Y
YM*:OP16B'.D]ZL7W!:'8
M(PB+'=Y\2JH-%R6T2D<W'4Z!WR6-A(<FCVXA..)S)8U&D'*HG%H%H9R;
S1





\A794 0JTGRH:%5A*$S35(@*8!)V\JICOQ

MWZPU5IJ\)V:9]1!A\X+@A2)[4Y-HL!JD Q$GG@3BM^K?;;LFJ
_;(RXDB#

S.)HB
M

M%$=)*+N(G.0047:*'1LH=;3%2


MS3Z;3KAS-18Z+GZ1\Z,!-^TS5_L.-BC4=:%7XD.*0XLDF.[X\XS]B0E(HL=
MX_7D^C_*/I (5)#$0D1]AT6%*K)X;:MB&9#+&9%:1!$N%A
4MR%.TE%%E



;C&

P'ZNHW(E^?-Q^?OE!]X+_W4D??I/.EFJ:-!3#7A(
M)


HI(6
TLA2


M4O0/BH^XY'\D(_)O0:80:(V$K\0)O8+^9N:'9:08\A.B&,\K7&]Z#6MJBT
M(LZA[YT6C6




MBI._)#WML*CVQ??C;A^Y(R3T)1+8FTT%BRGO+#F5JLKM(Y-8GVF6+(+
/I
MDZ&#QL=.*G*U][8CF9XWIY@-Y0FF0_)56YB CJ=0FH@;]Y
U+C-:6MG WG&
ME


9'64 G<VJHSC0Z%(88*]+FO@#.'C)9F2#$,:3\(#V]
MV\<!\\
](VDEXK383EY)7V'D?L@$8OICII,=G4_Q[F+-8;)QE!F\O#[.]
Q2%O*9EJ 12_?WMZ]NSI^<[O**DZJS#


QB)#&1XL^T\J6Y8B3X!W:8.:9$8-(I)#.


M$84
#-DZ6IRA+68X


3'T[(^QUA'3BKS49.10

S



&S$EV-TC
5-\[]+F8@)?&'_4*#]1N9=@U$

MO8(LM-R6E/YOC$S^_G4-W+9A


0W2'



MUL&/NX8PM9*L:W5@3*WSTD+_OM3.+N=$

$@U5G;

M:HGHNM-4F#PGPBL*O9F6
2[C5E

M*8\]1X'((-L8# -D8^.38A/D75/

MF2E'H)EOSNZ#9_



MVQ/Z%7

M$/'0 LB]2C76BRZ(8@KLTAC3^^'?AH[7IV*UT3.'YZ)%\)PGV50N2 $9(%


:9#ZORR1A


MC0MZM1'-%=MFJA7










S
&[^X!C13LG/('9UD?G
MQ_GV11TERDA)H4J15:

E$Z[7+J!IH?E%

GS6!YLR0]=S6M5S9V\6$%DKAD;!&
Y^\NI%P









Z_NK2^D'B)?8N!IAU#P/@P?3L.W^
))^BV3



#/J%]/CYJVD4#
M2RD:E$8H1KWBV 57Z]3I^\5O@H\F0L978O2GUSF]MR$3 7$-986






T**T!ND@0\E6)
M DLP1Z&%-2-WQ2?BA:-695N0FE%U5;U?8;:0(W&0E
G/Z!?1^< 8Y:&?,)-DT@SL)X.@VO
M
@;3+



$%     @ 






M?Y7Y26!7IZV!M
UA^[VO.BR\(7 MS





PM 'EI








/0
M 8Q-4;)D94X )_76#DEJ..GV
5*N;\8^:.#8EWL<F
5

ML\A


M4J+A108WO
:'P/K KCZ87*A.U@3NA)E/#$:S/I.T1[[JD-DSR#Z#6UF;7
.R

M*(_!#^!(XE1;WU[!1_O?X3^WSL1;TIGQ&?4?#)U(](E
3@4Q)/0Q(DD54R




MN&K1N%\Z]\(.!MW@&]ZJ'5@NRVS8M(8K(9M2_/3#C/GQ+QK6HFDW99%:A^N\
MJ#D!;*=]7J2Y
_]-R;8Y6'N;MB@S/#3MSD 7IK6M.#[=3$


MOK_!#OT1IZGQ*IX)Z[AMRQ)OMGK*UAKSHW3MIM^'!&TX7C^
N56R@D6[P^$$

G1V.I$FKGAJ_&U+#]NPDU:(?YONC&VI-Y]W%PR]6NJ#6FN457
M.HZGHZXU#H*1C1MR&VEP9+IECM\H0ED#W-]*:0Z#3!\]5S^U!+ P04


2YX

B9K8S#9-^]_O

?AH$.BMXS?10[KG DZU4
M-3-HJEV@]XJSW('J*J$)$'-2N$M9LZW4HN9/)BJ%'RE0!_JFJG7):]D,_=


NWIBRY?)2KLO-&UL1#W(#MK(N@.C@KH4



MQJ\'

(Y=A
M]%&&N\?KN^_?UC_?:]]9J)VVJ=ZSC

2%^


6\
MA
0^'5$(D2N*44*


AS''JAVK%O#R+T;I8TT.)AN6^!+R)4-P/.ME.9HV 3]
MV[KXU!+ P04      P;A=3#


M&&/*5%OL

$S60KP:X2Z:6*Y)!,,M4%@M.QQCDEB@B-WS6FU80T

WBA2%3YAZ*R]3L6
MA+G2(JV=*8.49]7*WNHZG#@


M'2M89!%&?P
XE%&3EG]


M:4J%T_N

DG)DV99G6]A(D1(E(&NOYT+$#JI]$D$AOBJC-
-%TP=T;SS4



MG_N/]&&F

M[C8W]QM=]'6TFOU81K?W&YC=+N#N_DNTAG5T'=T\SN;?HLU[1;](;KKX2E8L



N*5#LZUD@



WWDOU

M
!%


MW-_0KI[


M(XS.Z5]L8G72_ZW6/@U6VJC[_R^TR8M ^3^C#IJ3SQ0W,[J[ &]??'[\\
MS;Y=W_U8?'2GYZ7*(9Q4&]CKH=WUQ

M$MJZABJJ#1 S6'-)#!
;4

&::C:


BTUK=\Z1FY]NRVE


6

M$V

MV4(43_KCVQ$
Q_U@



:(A
M49CF!@RJ0H-BXI+ ^R5+A]

MIVOL=R9#@=1







\[FL

-/^XDL7R%KW3WAV.?&G@/%01O9G
#HH*E$_V9/






+B+JC59W
WA8

M*)=X 8191I(@Q9DD3DA( XB@- P&O6G;MC3+U@8QR39
S

OKGW#U:YK;K;F!V'Z#C#


M #!N%U
FACH8/ 




MB[S3PIKO:V

@=G7WB5R5-\RPY5S)(R@;36QVX*0Z-!7'A3V41Z-H
MEQ/.+*]:V0D#-QVD7##%75+JGE@B-M&!.7 L^IYXG=XHACNI#UAEM18?5O














MLE;84E)6H-!
E838-Y?QP/G;]W^

M=GC%!7+N0#:
GPTS:(]TPL/YGO[1YVYSV5-\F?66KR:7 50(H9K;A9R=UG




<5

W7]#S&5J\


MDN@-O'[+N^_P^F_Q/K+US.&:;2U-2)5BHJ$


M






M

M.'L'DTJ%:N7F











OWS+#I6

M Q_ZR&=.7T7\I6^'$ 4$:$#5_B@W^1PXO^US]X+W112]TK#G_-EMHHO!%_
MOV(B/IB(G8GX)1._7WRZOH2[V9^7BU







249')*0I
M4!*BL2R
P2&3T2B'D$1I2/(TM.C J\HF DVTLGWW7:6=11&): 1OX0PQDQ@7

TCQ%GW-(LY@$68IV


:XK^#*Z.2AA=(IF)!A%&+ LQ/ GP2Z*
M 2YCL/Z.D'0.IWJN?S3&JY6;E!COY%]:W;3['!Z^!:8[4;@D_CN0^*:J14V


M2P
$%     @ 



%_SWB+2GD@IO&]PQSO0GK'
MX;I'_Q!RYUP28?'6J#]EYLJ;\?48











7UWTOK'T/L%
M

M*']C%I\QQK/#]C*C7/@/BU9V3
)9X[RIHC)Y4$G=/L5#S
.:PO[P#84T*J3!

PDXD[=P/E_=

MW@:!*PU3K#U6
[0Q?Z.#+O@2X8.I:J$?$Y$;$LCA;'K'N[N]80J-XWRP5&5R


M8-@;'6WWX8Z(8U^SW IVH9!:Z$P*19XYZCQ'SYJ*2J[65AK2-2VHL B-SDJA



/G
@_X(1?!
7(_=SSLUN(C6Z]DI0^W:Y9*



M$[X!4!C)3*B 1*&1B@B^H[\1XGU&ZV?#I\3@ 'G6OY+:B+/E[QQ829S,A@H
MSN2VWI99UC-%KZ$73KIW8'_/.P/)V
Z#95:$KJ55U+


8G$.4-A6

M) M/2DK+?OK'(#* T^G7U+4*B



F:I@YCW ?YHO$-S1;BF:R:JE5/5K.X


M\3S/O-@SF9ZE^JHKQ@Q\:VJA9UYE3'OO^_I0L8;JL6R9P).C5 TU**J3KUO%

]LD\.#0:2.;Q@C:+CH5_KM4H<;
M0/X:(+H (A=W[\A%^4 -G4^5/(.RULAF-RY5A\;@N+7LC4*3SGBS'S#:FI8
M6NJS#





]K



C\FYYNF#JYR:7A8/WV[3UHA^%8]#/A7_-^LCY1

?\'
M4$L#!!0    ( #!N%U

M:&5E=#(T+GAM;'V4P6[;


MF 8U[Q3&UH+8M&7L&HLB#T&UBM
D^1C70NIH-@EKCW8V
2TIJ?'1@FOK6MBW
M!2JSF4;#:+?P)




M^X4QM#-\@OZ)F_T#4$L#!!0    ( #!N%U





2Y9+NQ
%9^Q



C:(6M


I$4MF3LU




QKZG+-GI]H/PR4^487-//A'U'Q13Y@N4
.I3U/[M:+IVVEJ.C4[
M1;?_BWHY11M])X+2\
A=HY+QH]1WV=\2?4=-]T?4U(;(O_-=(NY(1Y3D3LS8
MG:!

NWH!YL5A<BLZ:IO*$ZF4JH(K
MU8Y%\@S< DNO8B

WY%L5+'4I43JTT&RD0YO11].M[MIM/;IM06B3ONW% 7

X=O1[0-H4-[[._/R]43!HS)L0.27
/&
M*;TW=/DB*3M69?X5L%6WA2^F= C#K4SH/FEHFU2==PVV=A_U]02P
$%
M  @ 





MW)X-/I.E
Y\N,<N$;-HUO[S2K'9DRA;

TK?

#F\Y.I Z!RNC=0$=[RN


B0R#^EP0@EG!6%22A((+(BN7-8FE0F@3GUFI
UGQ:7C]DB2Z@\^U
MT.L_A:EA(97
N#5N
2NT46:]A;'I'
$WRF'B/)/DEY6#U$ %QYZ/@;T76!&6
M2[1PYB^JVX
YKJ4CM.SJE4GG:C:S5AAKG$]'O:
D2?R'(7 (E_C( Z'REW$$





Z?-/V[IQWS[9]/WNJZ=/



MD:E-V0-$0?^Y


\^
M?_'Y_UPO7=\1L_SOS 1?A F^X F^.#+!&^/*SNZ8_]I5_GIP-
7N+'+^:NJ(J<IB/F_SRQ2*__/+ER_/\
M5QJEP/




MER^_=K2^W; D%L?'-QNBU0BE]Q]NXF*N75Y95]:M$S0P#AHP?W7VW_G*U@83
M]9N

N=3L6HUTTH#5/U;=Y
M$1FH6'?&





M TH;3);?T33\8$J+S0

M+YV0IGH/.2+0Z0:


M=1KK;M+H- -F]EK[PPTI8$:*YJGWU( N?^$IEJ;=MT5.R(L@1:?',(2C+*
MD*GF]


C[VHL9.?W

MA]B*E#R]K\%A'B9]*6
R_F#'0I@7U1VX9P'NZ(:B3@&'+_@9N3$?\V7;T2;0
MUBK?ED77

F7%CLS.)Z(.RX6Q7;XJZ%\:)'Z%,0:93$X
M$^S-AICQCS:EER




7E_B\&DH(

F*%;50
M

'BD-
M,4&-\$R8U[KHY'2F9BN^;MO*J7VO25LD#H G#.MIT\#LY4QTO-P:\E4J$B0
MA29?

(+3CAH_ [@V5B'6Q_A1:$B

$_5
MPLF'DTFBBM&%.(82WPT 
7A%^25NC!19ZR\.J:?48[/JQH(1)+5P9^GH
/
MQE


M4_1;O$
(

AT@FA^BI/-:?ZWIYGZ0B/0GKE+Z)GYO0GF7W:-


L;XP]K^G041;\
M82OV80'L/1+Y226LK*E&PUG:M@5[ER2?V= HV2V])G9X #\JD0IYG4IE??0=


M3TGST)+)=^.]


]M4Q
:_M\3?

 AA1T3(%WMS%
M&0
[BD/4A
6)#0R\DQWH0 G25P.93G:?;%M)I-.Q'T!!3O&8=#9JX!Y-5\W9
MDLN+6+&YF%7U;RG&(-GO]I


MXEM6_45'=*@R3O


M-*OBKNU8
 \*G$525B1/T#8S8D_FW9+#J$CKA)%@.HFJIUP]MN75!47OC2





M'TTDYU(I]?E1%7*9+)8SU*OBIQ2/;1'-\@JP)5Z9H=!.5I6CD$&+CG'UQZ;
M)Z?


MGU?JIKFS7=L(5:(.Y4%J^B(N1U1+O

N

M'!L\













MNUART!9.Y+!#XP0+6XZ:5?O1X'MTO3W:#'16C;Z!BUZR7!S
YCBK\$9']

^L1B\SO;8A22N4^_




MQ6SOQ1$CD)P0S&CFNM;SW7 4&:4JJ:U[CD]


MS*!]1\[/.


-'(!9@'TL:*/U_BND0(]
MG[C28RG #/R*UB@C%S)8'W4@SI9DA7063AMH(?W5@.%KS/QBF-I-Y*U]*
MUH7CFL3)2JY%2#JDF//#21*9IVB$,WWE-FKB\_PM^HERW(6O/5##'U4$_!9



@-'





SY4E[U-[G3 E*-)BIEY
M_
E?Q^V:*^MK]^.I? I_
4.:0:Y22T\QXSIN8@+&$$T0<W







J48]X2_O




T#P6%PZL(DSMK=5I_YANG:L:(

M='([D;ANT
.$?ZG^%;


MMX96AOOZG1PPETOMP]/P_P2XEIOPXW#Y'PJ0*5LC JO-BCZ].'])
M')'?WR



_A
5L8\


MIH!92ZPD J%S6
I2RT)F0CN89IEIM9.ZA(51


I!UHWE+(/-MVVV5!GKD;@NRELS683KF_ -[6:P41.MKW./'.

M6QG'DQN.%:]*M-Z ]84Q;BOX /WRG?P%4$L#!!0    ( #!N%U.LT[6[$0

!#^WE]Q





8L#?F4A6R60)R%\6P6
M7F8



:7
Z7Z8]ANK6C_ MLJ2XWY9T?\'M1.@\YU2
M]KAQ!L8_VNH74$L#!!0    ( #!N%U.

M]VW




MY@D]99JR*(^AH. 4)

*+UFW1[/V LE#JH7.G










.9P%3^DP

X;L[F!+]5'([FJ=4UYM!I7*XRSR[66!U&5\$:T



GHA'Q]%X#X?_WD17E6FJ)7IM(2/






MG;Q5[77Q8P!JES)4S.G)4TZR-(8IR7A$

M;:!P2O8'W#@[7@^W_:GXW;V_6^Z%WE6M0;FW&$IO
I17]^=U;UAU\&?D1ED\

X!U[=*V9/A 


R+GAM;(5476_:


M95$M9!/
)MZWT+.):FTE&UQH




\I@20P)Y[1R2

\YX
MR-(8/

S

K121Q



;)



:W6U!YO)08AG*WQ-%B2P 6&.L;8$9I87
M?
 \MR 3QN^623J7UO!Z?Z9_=KF;7 Y
X8/(?V2)3A=D0B#!(ZMRO1/U%VSS

68O[) CO/]F%_5A

M3H$+J&G-[K0;[%73SQ?UYE78



MU8/.$0T\566M9T%N3'
=ACK-L1+Z2C98VYN=5)4PUE3[4#
=9
 Q.!^MBGQMW$
ZGC=CC!LU]



M&PVBSN+R5'!&E,L'L6V1 UOO_KUW30TEMG%AVG'LFQ9VLL0P9WLC:YAO=U


M*;

MGW$-J3S4IAV$_K1_1A;M]/QQ;]^@.Z'V1:VAQ)T-I5?C. #5SG5K&-GX6=I*
M8R?3;W/[%*)R#O9^)Z4Y&8Z@?USGOP%02P
$%     @ 



F-=M8WT3B&K/*GE


MO/M /LO/S+#%3



MX6'U 8;US%=M1Z)V^:3Q-$S3'/(X)-
R$Z:_XN#L^$)?]7+S^]?EEJEM
M(S1PW%@J.9]D :A^8GO'R)V?DK4T=N:\6=M'#I4#V/.-E.;@N #CL[GXU!+


=T+^2SRA UO!:

BRH



6X17R]C:
M.X

M
2X&:P;,EA 3. ,HC&<O8%+$<&))

C.0<%[J[B!PBP]O;YD9Y^IY4+E#LWL!2XMUAW=8NV,W%1CX(W\WJ@
M/EYR[DAEOC&IQ/C&JR'E+U08O2#8:-T&;,N&UFYCI*:V#NMT+HX\$&:/\4
M\[]02P,$%     @ ,&X74_!Z?A7# @  ]@4  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S
M+W-H965T

V$+[G5PR$'EJ B![4




H &#V+L[*
Z_X+S?3+'5ZO.^%\X

M^*MZ-)EKI7N4)ZOI:TLXNWG$&MO!&F@E;)MG(6MDL*UK/8K.@) -_&9/J.%!
M?!'[#@U\_[M??UB%EN0=25C/4KM)*GE#*D[@7DE[
OJ&^A,U
M7#-V.I ?_=7)^+B1%P[4=[)




M965T





&U=





M&JOJ(=E54(NF7_G3





M_[_E^Y.6%\*44IE6(WR;K8S5[H?Y?H8N.=(E'5WR MW2Z:AJ)8): ^^IJW[:
M'*J!_+DQGT7U6KTR.U[B)'!B-*@?


I)EF1




QJ.]








MTLAS'U2*B

MMQ!-QQ5?XQ/:;]6#)BWJ4/*B1&D*)4'C:A+


M('/
7P)$5&M7






)12I@I

EJC7?M@;6*I:VF8B=JO=?3)KQNC!O;F



MJI
'/Y4\V0L;O)*MUE_]YFZWBJ@G)!M9.8\@<#G*C[)I/!#2
M^'?C





M)

$6GNP\(&L GLO
T)2E+X0KFB)EQ

HS54\X$4W'WJCCRI
*.6'E.T#Z1KPRQR5'BQ\


5.FZ^V03X7I7*+L.J+Z(


74!88DH.0?#G =]@63H@#N-;AQGV
ME










O


MU
7[@.\







DPBB.

MT]@O?%#1617



M9'O!NLB2(\DA_/==R6 H$V@Z]V05KO??I]6\GJP5OK)9(@67G,AS3#(KT^
MAJ%)
8@9U
M2A=X.-ZAWWKMI5F!J=*_
E3FPV#JP!27+)2V+E:?\:MGK[#2Y0P_A?6E6_W

Z;T-S

M(DXJQ

MN50E/&KFC#!5K29\L6GK&--FM






$%     @ 

R=
MRDN64=XH!+,&V==]ZXP/X\Q,50O] EI4'
E

C*54/^


M5H98G
$%     @ 
&X74V(LET]& P

Z&=6@ (UZ[#\4^T-1)XD*1&DG%:7_]CI2M.$4B]$N!?I'X

;6.0
MY4&IEG&6)-.X9D)%JT58VYG50K=.H4[ [:M:V:^;%#JXS)*H_/G2@KYQ?B

M7T:)9X02N?







M@U3F'##CK16^7GECB@P@-&B$#K-C)7@5UGB \VO_MGD9=#7GK;&C@2A/^RA/
M!X-S=[N!S[=8'] 


*WH\


(::RU/I'G'PH)DD6(T*!
@XFG UH<-*DVUB$XKF)5%LZ$71[LW'315@-T3-OPZ:U

V

M\2-X


M^KH

]BH.Z460#

M]!4*T@LA.7O&&S&
M?=] I)AG7M\)(\0:1Z,207+U\2VFLDS9ZO)'NP]HH4
M[;63#NO=)PQOYDJ+ KBL37@('BI.M-=!2E^!^%X;Z?#[[F!QVH/S]_:1;MM

BL@=A(D&WFP^_F^/9N

M;'N



?T-+49UZ7@
0*
;X5+(

M3NTD2*O,[-0HLR1%LC0('C2(#DMVQQ *E24BAG*A
UU^J#*3-=2VX6]FY5


0?$
$$/RP7Z.+=^QY=5V]@N?KM;W3Q_7?!*/ZQCVIQ-E4P/BWH^@TL





&UL
5000IE1V^!J;O

7
F(S
W%Y
1WZ@D9C 72&[2E(K'*21\


M?L:PE7O7*&MEP?E=-K@


Z






&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#4P+GAM;+U76V_;-AC]*X16
M%F01N)54FH;6.P




=56/S&!8]'\-0
M%
4$#^)=..0H#6(Z\& 
PQ 1A(C; ]9YP(YZ
!=%56LNF\Z+]3I;\8
'X/-;





M$NWV\E#UP8$!K#4VM4W)_GW'AJT2E!?8,;XG#-G&#OII'K2%8 A^YH+O?0J
M8YH;W]=9!375,]F P^%5#4UF*K2UXTFCM0S?TH*[\FC+AI8E;VZHTD:WA
M3

MA-/T:@.&



MWB8?J2J9T.BX0*Y@MKCTB.I/:)\8V;@AWTF#1\:%%5YJH.P&_%Y(:0Z)/3?C

M='

BYX;6R55EUOFS 4_2L6FZ96:@O8!D*61&J33-O4=5&C;IJF
M/3C!25 !4]LTW7[];$

WXL-I1(\I4DFAM9&RKQO


MT1D'HDA3PG]?T81MAY9K[19NX_5&Z@5[-
C)FLZIO
MG7
WLFB6*4YJ)F&6
MT]70NG3[4U_;&X-O
=V*QAAH3Q:




M=KEGIC68Y(NNC\K;TQ# 'D*H)77?S'/
U2W5KZ7ZKZQ0T\^:H@_V)W^_S!#L
M0=RN6W^OS$+4PVX(6TGKX

8X:!5!=
.OM )\5[9VHTVKP_Q+X2OXTPHMU8*

R=U$'R;UW\GH+U!+ P04


M
RYX;6R555UOFS 4_2L6FZ96:@N8[RY!:I-
V[1U4:-NFJ8].
$)J& SVR3M
MOY]M*$L)=.D+^)ISSKW'U]BC'67W/



/XVFT:94Q/WQD_H'
M[5UZ62*.)S3_D24B'1NA 1*\1E4N;NGN(V[\Z )7-.?Z78-UC+ JN*%@U9





1:ISQG$PG4.LNH?+MCJ=CV

MW7AYIHH-1?J+)WK9=R(')&Q.UZE^%-NOK/*#K=Y
I*IX@FV)#0('S-9*BZPB
)&U%-!STI

M*0-B#O@.T7.U6AI[JP2ORO%T1'Q;^O\&OCPB(X--T!X^7G:H#-^A
OSQ


M7]0U[K*
.X+'?J



S\70N\Z
M]I:H?SL&_P%02P
$%     @ 


M31R[K

PMK&+F:F(24U

MEN.;U=3'AX ?$EMW

D
M@JQQ9*H^F1544G=O\=2?PTG];F$M$](@^ZN4%Y%B06
VM:L#Z::7X06@W9
M+$YJ_U'NR?*NY#Q:++/

M[M/!K^7.D65C_+X G@[@:0!/SX#7Z#(KZ^ U4T!F

MDS5-#=J;3ZD#\

M$=CNAG03


MJ5QAM9% 
R?*.2:^/\ Y9867Q&[M5B:Q*#5G!=Q*I





$%     @ 


M^W$)SD2FW!=M:BSVT&REM

)7;]Y7!OBE@4\6PJ6+HM*
#

]


8[L%$;UL5)%.WX;:
H-5IDOUO:N*4ONOTA-
OV
M.:2M




VT'_&%_19=LRO3=ZD::GM^HI'G!2I6+$DBV

OJ3Q_K=6@1


M4

MNBXO0 #? PPQO)N.P=G;\P


&]L1H
MV!@-7S::


M4

MM_3D:D0/SUH9-T]J[YO;-'5%C5JXD6W0\


MB\6
[!XH1#-:V

M+/6
N;=!,=PZM4(Y^+G<.D^LCU\7**8#Q3123


M'XU 
+Q6B[]02P
$%     @ 




M**#.1)J3A#']!4_97S4FVRA7*T!A85

U[H
M1/AIV]T*U=]!4'H^;U=V&A?S WL\'P7-=X7<[PPZ/L-;*=9KVG6:]?L9NH/


M970V
2YX;6R]F%UOVC 4AO^*%6G2)FTD-E]M!4B%MEJG54)%VRZJ79CD %$3

NJ7&?6=3HOB:*%S




V^_ R2_ N'5-8$A5H(F[+I9@KMJ (561



O


]2&
W(+DI3
9V6=78C+B:\7RDEX)

+LB:J6N^_4#K/*'12SF3]A=L


M4J;T!)RGJ5@3)@$I
LW\





^+HQ!V(O=A

MHWY@/XSCCL=I'Z8QNBR=P'V8[\6HEWA@4+T4(-I18MQ$QGLC?^.*L*&0N+?E


M=#8S+GAM;(546V_3


M.V
'A@<!G3M9
M,S])8<R3+[Y4RRCQAD!B9Z!T^

E=/_D
MS\





6'5B9CNED_;C9SMI

.L;M++A[DG! %GC*6RYXS5VIQZKIR


BQ^G1/&






MB35!1O/RBI^J1#0$'MHB\J!MZ_ KP3^OH*@$@3[L)*8)?NEFNWB1MBA?M=






A,(X#)_C;@U

MN02

EE\?(OM_

O

;FE8&0A
?W/;2

M[OMRL884RS.^ ::_)%RD6.FN6/ER(P O+2BE?A0$'3_%A'FC@7UW(T8#GBE*
M&-P()+


M'P6I5\YI@(?M)_;W5KP6



M%;Q&41 %=[






*!?;(KD\]QSQ]/Q-%X+^:P21 TO

&.J*PK
:64A9




;K[ 9:W;X+AX+)6UA*Q
M7GW$/4O?^U^.&#[_3GCXJ#%3?[=8[]?6^]9Z_XCU3X*REFRM6%HBB 44*)UO




SX;0L*2XI\-Q=?^8:B:AVT&5'OB0H


U


M3ZTN.J

M)**. S$.Y

X]TFRXDS?4$4OST7T





(P+EK,Z
MEOE<DP7I%DN2ODG&

&M8YIGFDD ;-< .::E[.S^Q]CU@.8A'Q(

MM 1N+B9*:3Y%1$R
U[ 8^B''06%
3TAO!


U5&
M&JSBE/)[RNK-U'@-BS$?DNN7:!/K

HU(

O/S0/G
9++:;;[869J@)RUPNL5%
MR]*%OQ([Z[J?FVEKURZ$FZHA.UR3QZ\EH&E;0+
6@/*#D&EVURZV:[3BXO)G




M

MO/X(T;N-#RQ(PN)U'.7$T%UP7W\K1Q
F%%_P.?#21*Y 9GBQU'CD:A5[W+&Y
M 

;GGV:CS9**IH\?29E
M8



M;R;5_#:A2O9'I6?3#:O7\3;-@_


M!G!]$45J]T/?(-TL?/D?4$L#!!0    ( #!N%U


/

MF9];8C+3%4FA8(G

MXMY^037'[

MQNV\4&F%%FOH[916]NH4\'R_IH9XE21QKTCN_TDOF.V8GBMH&Y
M)C:=KC%(E[Z[K#797N6'N?TY #H'N[[1FHZ&2]#^;I+?4$L#!!0    ( #!N
M%U

U7
M;6_;-A#^*X37#@DP1R)%2E3G&*B3#
O0;$&R;!B*?:!M.A8JB1I)VRG0'S^2









M+CJLIAA'%#?RZ;+#D(9!C CM.:)]*X/XWZB[W7)PNY8&)NU#V)33-D20Q!3B

ML3ZS\ZT;H?8PY7!\P^1CDBN0\I6!]
\B$SM9SIOEC1:%&ZCF0IOQS%VNS8S.




K4-@]-GB


_RCEFVF&G5@G:W


XSW397P4\5M3C6 2G4

MQ=$1O

C*PBI[%(T)Z&-7MNF(*

;!#IM\S6=^\

$Q00P.3JJ%L]MX%JD*SNN0N-%%ET)9(C-T9REJH




!#^*U:&)I!&DZ8O




MT8CF#KY4GXWBF'0/96XUWC+

MD/)'G
56FH3

;I6TN2&?9 KIWP A*FYEQQO9

\_9:G

M1N%JA[Q!*V]P4%Y=

\X]
18

4HM8**5AK9C-\5VM


M;]
P%/TK5AP2;1)T_0UVDKK  %B,*V#2$^N
E-8\VQ@^VTZ[_GVFFSCK41
M2'Q)_+KGG/OP]7@MU9W.  RYS[G0$R\SICCS?1UGD%/=E@4(W$FERJG!J5KZ

@KZ?4R:\Z=BM7:GI6):&
P%7BN@RSZG:S(#+]


M#
+.$8-P:Q ZW1614_F&&CH=*[DFRIY&-#MPKCIK%
F\TPJ
MT[H!E9
O!2AJF%B23X!^DI



1Q


M #!N%U

V[1'U;2KIFD?''()5L&FMDG:?S_;

^XK3JE^I@:OK)_:/QG?E
MRQ0+&++TELQD

+=(S(KL[1-X2F1*.N@1
-]6%B4\
'#=_!9AX'?]OKU8S7II=+)B














:X8X[V


M(DR _C[E7+UTS
%=706[?P%02P
$%     @ 
&X74WH3'=II @  4 8  !D

M;I5^



0LB)P@XY.@(




_O!2/GVT(N4



MG8
]7RN%.\
EZ/Y$LM]02P
$%     @ 



MU@B
1S2CL380!/X]TA[-
H
$?CS
0!N+


M-8X:**$C4F:Z+R8?Z2R@CL&+1:;L+YK
^@8-%)=*BWQF#![DC%?_R=-L(C8Q

M//0.=Z&U9









M+G@W11.BD'3Y
<ZTV:+3PIB@LD#F
M=::R@BPSG5=R;T8:DHL2:M-<=2IQ,C2@AJG*++;4A&(Z20UNX-
01--*9$*




$%     @ 

G





CBM+!&P=4Q+_F$;$

$%     @ 
&X7
\KK76=W#$F_OKMKXU)
M^*D/X+W

ADBP4LNI)D$&5%Q%88FR3!GIJL*E/9FJW3.R&[U


$E+C68
L^9?IVA4(=)T N.!RN^

MZLEM[M))$#E!*# AA\#L8X]S%
(!61G/-6;04+K$T_41_8NOW=:R80;G2OSF

M



O;N[*QUV6K=7USM0^=K[(*$7NKN$=0H+T8:^TE__T)8&^ P



15\HCEX933G8N7
'3!
E5 Z
+;DK: V6
I'![==#^Z&




MT4:#4IE: ]

^89)J*;=&V]E]S
MEI^M..J]E.3JJ;(OV*NQ?O^_=I'=4Q 9GX+(DZC)_BF(3$Y 9._%GIH'18;U

MLHPNA+EKP'9M+^RE_RI!EU XFH1VW:7V!Z[;C9K=I87*9LR=)QW=6S2=4
M;

M7CYD7)U8'+]/8@__3)
DBN(8R^AX[%4PQO(6Q_#QLV':P .+ Y'^+M?X:N
5


M7W)E;'
O+G)E;'.=DKENPS 
0'_%T)XP!] AB#-E\18$^0%6H@_8$@6*19V_


MTG\R]_



$%     @ 
&X74^?!JTBR!0
M?3



M*UG*7R*?C28C9C;JZ6^EY2]565XL










MV!QS8;DLNMC1K(S






Q@0=K4.
=&[*
MFNA -U(8^^2;*L3$1!

3'SQ!]U[P5FQATP


$TP_;%^\*4V'L23#\)]2+;.TL%SV4*
M
3'])



MT';E?+FR;?M3

_$=KL];
K/
M=O/[5
[C/P;7?]K^?=B7
E:+UZ;?E7%=U1_'V^FAOA[2PV5RM7AY6U?]RUNJ
MZKF#!()D_B%()T_R#(Y@]R/+Y@P*8OZ@#$%Y_J 5!*WF#WJ$H
?Y@](2






$%     @ 
&X74RXHM@5
M @  _P  !




I19!4HL@H4606*K )%5H$BJT15:#(*E!D%2BRA19)8JL
M$D56B2*K1)%5HL@J4625*+)*%%DEBJP215:%(JMD56AR*I09%4HLBH4616*
MK I%5H4BJT*15:/(JE%DU2BR:A19-8JL&D56C2*K1I%5H\BJ460U*+(:%%D-
MBJP&15:#(JM!D=6@R&I09#4HLAH462V*K!9%5HLBJT61U:+(:E%DM2BR6A19
M[?^4]:?W^T^.GY_UX+KQ)9_-?WJ^_@U02P$% 

O87!P+GAM;%!+ 0(4

M='





&X74ZZUK;C3!   LQ$


4      P;A=3=Q?OFX'




Y
M0X-E*P

M965T.YX;6Q02P$% 
&UL4$L! A0#%     @
M,&X74SYERT\1!    0D  !D              (! D\  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E
M='

YX;6Q02P$% 
4      P;A=3KW/R$J4  !G!0  &0

M Q0    ( #!N%U

R4DDO (  .$%   9               @296  !X;]W




RYX

4




6YY ,  /@(   9              
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ ,&X7
M4Q\697,I!@  &@X  !D              (!_W@  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='
O

BYX;6Q02P$% ,4      P;A=3R$&X8P4#   ^!@  &0

M   ( #!N%U








M%     @ 




M970S-YX;6Q02P$% 


SDN




YX;6Q02P$% 

M:&5E=#0Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( #!N%U-CU0[9(0
  #@'   9

M  @ 

4      P;A=3U1TF84#  4

M 0(4 Q0    ( #!N%U-X&+DI0(  &P%   9               @5?@  !X

^





M4$L! A0#%     @ 



BYX;6Q02P$% ,4      P;A=3#7L\

M='


M Q0    ( #!N%U


&X74UL&'3RM @

M;6Q02P$% ,4      P;A=3)3
A$S   Y!   &0              @(&A





M A0#%     @ 


4      P;A=3#0I&KWX  !Z!@  &0

M   ( #!N%U
O&3:Y2@0   $0   9               @5HO 0!X;]W;W)K

&X74^4C8&? @  .@8
M !D              (!VS


YX;6Q0
M2P$% 


RYX;6Q02P$% ,4      P


&X74VO$

     3 @  P              @ 'F5 $ 7W)E
M;',O+G)E;'-02P$% 
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ ,&X74WH$ UU<
M @  (2X  !H              ( !KEL! 'AL+U]R96QS+W=O<FMB;V]K+GAM
M;YR96QS4$L! A0#%     @ 
&X74RXHM@5 @  _P  !

#(P
#8S

M0(#!0Q+SUW_=/0\
0( $25 BM3QU8ILD

MJIU57QG





/&/'Y@;
MVN'\@_P



+X X?$



M:JOI*WX5OV./
G<; @+P[<N_(@ 295'/A8]!_]$.



M:@-O6&C:+K






M@5!08YG#91:%S%?X?\%DE+/6%VFD;:2M0CF+S[A_CKO^!$SD *^AM-TJEZ(6
M[J
C13T!11W@M=3.O98^
S-@$\^QKJ8SW[LG\]1A6=76HJ@ER\VGJ@.^G#KY

E/F]Y6PLM\;]\7\P_


1:/N[C_9S&W0H[:Q?.7LHOG+_<L
M9


M.EYD_:%6ON7FN(>'





9WC#KX\0W8W;1\Y;O)!A.!W\X.%CCOX



_(?+3=VYGM


ONK5A
<'$]%F@;LTI
M
X/(9Q\0=/L=__&'M_);/A2^JU81CQ0%EA9B+U^Q Z]9KW5XQ*H:1X&5
];0




JK.CY/3XZ\+RTF
YMOOG
MNY'GA:X7LL_PP7BDK\+Y#%@7'#W@L








^1L1(UB_:HC
MFXCH)4^==XWOU#Q6S_83 _ASHUZ7;F+=[3JR'7(1GS
?8Y)@Q\@&U9\RU\*H

8PB3&#J.


M!/1ZC=SZ@($E.$]/D8WXQ

DKMA+8HW
'PNH(
MKQC1C RH_*VDR56.8;L\QG'J12Z9&^^?#1:-9Y50Z&*_G!B-&IHVFMT*L;#

M('G#9M' L8?X\_G$=C%?2:WQAC##QQ:ADQQT*V+*V!HC$PU)16-?,9-L)$;
ML'0@'6V+X;*YSEYBGDT%E7




W(= +&9T@



MA#]PI5_JY.T]QVO7GY][5O%3\?47?=*E8RZ2+EV))CD=@:F:@O@V)-WLP3+V



F



-^*#+C

I=%N=-K-\@%9WT33J'5T07)W
M&%EIA6D!J:P++^0RJ-6J/9;3?;Y?=^C.O30R]=K-5;RV;.%NJ*(, :O4V
M6K^6SK[ILE?,W %\UVKK+WN+/6[5.NT&.830Z9US-0\:TN)]5JUG306B&G6
M6\U*!+:J

M-E

[E;Y9MKU5E=7-9\8=RNNOS8(Z[4U=Q:!HVXHXIL[
M\[$4AM=H5MNU+@3/[C2[(K
O[;6VVO7VBNGWWSUJSQ#W4:SW=OAZE=HL_5Z

KME;
K=YM-W8 RMK&
MG*?$RHH[O=;JM)H;8*646Y*T[W9;=S7GZZEW(NU5JL%![.;
^$&*USE&^AU
5B(PZEA/Q@%9EQ[;ZL@





M34J@!U:KO94 ;(Z!%=32!0B:O?HN
;(#JU#B!A+0PDW3AE4D2&RW_59%M

2BF*.I&LL@^

?K$,K')05G3S
MZKU&J]O2LT-WB[*B<#71&MTH%8:910E<LL<!PM[



:1DP

-.FYU: ^[)ZB[Q4AB8=KM3:W4[:^$%&=]7S_62


\-/K*1YS/^W)WYR(++1[CN/-^R




M ==D9X%3+$RV 52;G])ZM]9*I+ M VI+3*UQ7=5!3F\^#:8*WURHQ^A23E%

M*



M8







CH9([2J:F)UUZ


I_A
L5:XQPR73?5@?KBWB9ZIM/7EK*5@EH:QP\%6MVDF4D5P.7 E(
)I+L]5J)X/H\F?<+AMTEZ:
MO51\\C+8

M W1QYE6X7 ;K%O18[S2ZS:7[G05JV:@MG!U5;[8P\/


MJ9@M#&ZKU\4:*AN103[]7T0

M7DI)$=!WJGJYEN+3KZ*B G!OSF\ZC4[!+T.V.5CNSBQ=#:$N00BV:(28:^Z
M*=0%^

XAURKAA
M



CUIM^F4'BSM8/5%];=.LD:GJG9<VMWL@?*46H[_:JC03'34V27]8T#<06


M

6[A0AJ]-QYL*YS@H]5_\%?_8PQC$78(


QWZ+O\N)WH96O-!
H'''Y#+_B(+0'LV?
M!?C;[U^^]&]^

M77W]R?AV_?GJ_.KR-F_%_)^^6+S:Y[=$=_*!@?]6_G-?Z'%G%*GMH3F=O?^W

;&9*I%B/;540[VY#XIJ8_M@$Q^&B5_JS9
F91J +K@OF%%K5XQ:K],Y,^[@
M*3&-,8%!!XRY,#*]/1!HE:-9[)XY'O<,PE=3FWHW<8 L-O,.PS.#%YL (;O

M9'C]TQ0/$\]A 6@BB&7OP3T=^/AU

M 4@2.

%'#
(]2?/GQK=TW\9(]MA

M
&
B






9$


M197:AYTDDU*


M'UG\

LU%-RJYP9MZ;##[IZA2P4\!RQ'/B;A+T'&T0F


M













EXKHB9XH8_


7]IAVNOZT71(QKN=

ME3NXNU -!+61(6?E2AT/ET*7+%PINN= LX635X/
80B+
MY'U68T!K&,H N^((Z*.%Z!(+\)0 093\=LDLZ^@_ U0$3L$J?J*,U7D24&@
M+X=Q_5*VAJ\;ARR?-$&1PX'W T4'%3S\)4V-\@7;7#.:2
MWD(&A!%J:W#]_


9Y_&S
510:)+Z8KCGFDKJ\'@)A]1QY.3%


DK?N:%

DL(.Q?

M-YU44I?.X
0'I-%I!CFZ&97F]




M
KD7[^IP )5Q_KIBUD7'W+</=M;RC*3F&ZS:4D11=B(3
MQLB^LY75BWSO!^+%Q(KAMB^5'ANPX7)+HJ^LI11<8/#$[(AR:TDTPE7J.R9

MN ZY/9



M PHLI2
DZ4\8Y)0OD6\808+K8@((6YAMWV9-O=M DK.'EXE?X\]5PV5Z9A


Z]@EX4
MXF/&3UX3U$4\CT[T),'L%! 1GYLF!A.FQ3'$J,O&4SWI]FNBI9&OAVIIW*




O;=]SXTK&\1B)2U-J1R!DBUI/;%Z%JC8.N&@E@0VXXX=6 W0
T.]GX
$
M: FU&53=2;IDS
!#K


K
P!TG3?2$%(WRT^?3R% -245#V+%*7+ZA9:@A9@
LF
EATV
M


MLOIP@O

M0(07M;CNY)D@XGNO


5$[_R&4C7 :^G@$'9

)SD@DVE\5$MDT%Y^W'6XNBZ*&!!



M$


8OR06X8II\S


 ''H
M2.& -B3DG()CT


MPGN&92#1YT3=-;# G^Q71GF4'LJA$=T!_
<1<5:#



M_$%&.=
\25W9(XKWW#)@

M4ZN '9\*1RZ=4G[%RP4X\XS\Y#V_18\WZ$NZ0;7Z0)K




MRX8
2S



;;(#$I/X(D%447^[&+ZE 4ZLIRDBCQE=VL





M
3Q\ EN.:6
JC6]3\)T7A=)LK






@A[T.'_EPLUDVV
MN'OB7

M#L['E_@UPF\UOAZ2E0&T?C1&#VE') KNA07X5RERYL-H=(KIX:]U$_.66Y

'X3=4Q5R0=J!]$



^
MY
]E]R4CP+0G:G8QG3E
-/S+4D3Y /PE60= OA07











FF5).SLA
MQAR@ZP:QF0H(%0X
*48Z*/=1NY[XD8G-?-


M*K&;8$'(H.81]&4\=B\6QW:LGAPIUQ+1;BTA'681RS%R%X;Q(8.(FKQ227


'0MXD&^ZX5


6
J4(=Y(8#N)(&YN355N


M;PL%_($*6O-M^L:\6;JH_@T3TBWV!:8ZD M@?KLY3RYU+TSW?2W61R[P$]JB
QU9_TCKE&*.?<8%*IKPIPA&


]';/08.?BOIW [QH 36(3S7=?NSW!4!L

M


M






TG
M=2RAPQ!4M%MZ(:)1&2@3^#DS3GZ-*QC( !V1\JE7 A

V!=

I
&D4OHP; ^K2KW4+000(-KY.OUET=YZUGP

L
M)IMXKO9%KN@OU@[EUX

M0YP .U
SY-*Q#0


0MC3R1;B)^OV\_+LH%LFLQ..B#/%<E)X7V0UBVSJBGZW
$=\

97Z?I\B=P3N+E #'&%:YD/PD6.V&?$






MD2JV3(






*/JWQ\
/
M97M#ZN0^





M%


)TE^%'?3+=Y-&?G.J]E1JF;+-^:CL&&.V?4H


Y!EWU5%


M 4&F7+*



+QD2I 6.6;)<C<GR6I'


M2S8&^#J1H74


V=$V\$(4X/DX?WG6:U*EP(U

M\X


_.HW498A

D'+ANS\B2]01


JJS
LQH7N::IWCF669/L82F'W4.N


P964+4:M
M4L!






M*]&1#([D8*JO.2)  7NC46^N

GRH1H-9-?XSROMGKG9Y=?Q5U^RB!T V6P/1

;4
M\DZEFAC;8Y




M6VSNIP3*$Y5V  SB#]$*@DY_ @$BHI7\JV

R
0ZG Q/B\68]J8$.C;% 6,
M;;:%15N?CZK0W9--YP$CL'W)+T5CB(I2BV&0G(_' M56?AIC&^Z/!.5VB^)

)7%;A@N-+K5-53L8.MA6..O.*'X9)#SGMR%\






R8&$7#-V^W@NJ5K&R0W65\^:65[M
4
M
!


MZ:M?4'+Y /PE62E%OA37IU-0R$=D1271Y).+%3(-FE:-;9%X5XU KZ/*._CP

M2U%]2BG9QKZ)68+DZ#3


!W'L3[NG_[_8WQ%91$^ =!

WW^)E;O2@'W ^D(Y?Z@F$S9!'E]/HV&L#QL(=&LU
]K5??
MT%
I%2NNCU@ROK/L23=&NMTV;U



MX2(^1^8:#.Q1Y

W!#O;L47)4-0%HN/XEA#*ZQ3VG@)/5:$B
M,H[RTT1!ZX
IS !)Y



M)7VY


:;4?


OCI*
7A?F4J
MQ5%UT]/:Y8EF=QC#Q![M($2Q/*7F*+TV$3442[P\_!X@L

M1A!U5Z#EHYJ)O2[0




MNSWZ:W@_M/[ZW'2G_]5D@VKXY6






MK898ZU0KU6ZCL'^K--@.#%6M2JW;K;1;*R2.Y\'4'B&JVZJT.JU*M=$\(FHY

M0$L9H#]YA



L:RW3PBJ+G$]LUSXP^1AZ@J5%4?:$EF*[IS -;A8UH




;X-3+%]V(='VP@[
\=AGO!GO
M]4@

O]V(#\?

MQ\R_8^;?

/W7FZ.'9'

S=W)F_WUZD


M6^C2

M9317[D;N

M:&QZ

^/


MJ*V.^D(J=%6IT*T;


Q
M7 9_$(;AI


6V



P


23W[^)4#(D$):Q+@ &!W:S[]
M/ZL $B)^R) Y<38[I;(JLQ?9E5E55YQ0KEE4%.'#_=IK6GGRP[7$E0KDJ
MG\B8@9?VMN(86(IU;]_M3E)BM@2!@56Y(
7VHG+3.1TW6X2T@5W]&&+[43
MEYO

7I&2Z09
D PR:[NG)&X.F
6BZH?IB
MT#0&LPXVF/5$
$

6BZ-DX8-(U!TQ@TC4'3PPRNQ:#ITY0K
M!DT'&#2-0=


M



MLX=/!#/4LX'KV?'C'LMEJ1]:;_D854B3'52BK
+)@L@)10?JL5**!X65PF








3GB.N3;


W9=^X!

@DYR))-/O%_V[ ^P




MB/%G8X@_.Q'
4





MNMRNBX-:AW-WL7_@1J/NM,?!H%A$!@&@6$0& ;GC$XYT0P0ST;N)X--PAL


M.
8'!O9XT69V1&\AO=V9L1@WVE
\%-C8/





M+[=/C^3A^O+ZYE^3#Y^NL[C9-80**VAA
8&8QX=$PS&Q&!,#)+KC

QD0]

MA^MUYC]M+)MRP7UC$H_
J:K!5KYL-,A2^?$A
:G&+(G% AU'7(TCDU\8!D


COY4(6R9^G8!'?20BMYPAZ]

M
\NGM(=I
U


7)%43B5+U@S6(R\);1UGC


Y598X0\1*_..2&URA





U
-0#[)NJQ!EJQ;T30U6.*#2-61<BKYR6S$X^+DS7.!YNJ*(BVT\0H.S


M45V$].&K$%!9 T #P5PIF+\!_P4:H

4
\&KF?#

M\&J1!7S;@A-_O5HM;




M*&H




!$'

S4^F0TY




C.!:DDP2WI@U8:X6R:1:U?FO72.#]]<[-H%OJEV2B-


X^^3;7.:OLZA4^MW3LL^[0DI+



X\(X+HSCPC@N
MC.
ZS:@#C.



MY3?N3ROQ@F[(.P%G&7.D=?4M)*=J@UI9


$FRL-W#$T/D%+Q@P'L!124EE?#$.3]%*$-$0D7S:2IFJRV \B



&!;QXU ^(*7#U@<4MY(G&2(G#;



M1-LT60\^8OG!V=RS+(ZL'=^*V14C\SHOQ@XCID9@%]L]#-FM8MM7\6G?3[

MKFQ@


M.#K'T7TX!KC1.8[:?;IPHW


YGCW/7E9[&8(.


_8<U2EIT81\A7 N[\V)WWB[M=*
M1,;0 12[IE;'#+OSHIZ=G)X-.YRLD*]/+^$Y3#

M!S(1&=)Z8Z'$V'VX.1
1


]IP $9\RQT31[JC'<13Q-^[7)B^;\]MFF_O_W*

6[@6@QKD=]/.G7:,-PP,Q/+ [5# \<&0A2!BV-?PK1/!#/5LX'J&X8$8
M'HCA@2



MYBZE:+N!RK1/.IW\@^MY[C?8
OVV]2EEBHOR-+2B&:DD[&\J%:&HOHM4Y+/Z



M_YA



M1UT_.M&MNKU392
#UK9-AN?HM*W6*3.4




MVD%B/C[0)5'@1$.M5'5P@



*E*EX:8SJDB5DWU)



I(E7RT'


QW(WQ0+H&L[8BY3(%7VJZ$L+UQ@SZ-98'

M'[RUOIHSDW8

M3Y?A$I9=^'63C4@7+/VUZT2+]CU)WG#;C=?C\QY
JSX1- %ITV)
W^:I%9

M=@8PY ?.D^Z'9F#UY! 
_6U%Q:U(+XRPH28
*G)NL7T&2B;7;'



M_



M8(?V0T1.L?\T=FCO''[LT#YX$1V]KREV:



MO@4]

MX'8_6@\WMFKRUE SQ%*:$9=B)K7G\-'!8DLK;[$W!FN[559&J_-5*8B9S*6?
M B779.5Q#U;D69

5!2)ENY


M5K@PR8(AZUKUE[=VW@#JD
UOB&[_&2MW_ZE):ZT+?'N:(:A[9-?9(YK(N D!
24V[:F*9*N26+)V_8AB_MZGV/R5@0UXSOU,U\&VN&







MI@%H!@G

CV?F/



8XR=';[A5#3
M4K^?J;V#A^/^X3)FQ(:)R0]4.]. N'RU'3
$P5RM%K#[4S[9 + BUX%+M6.[
M3(A'5RE@*BI_(^9TZGKT#&



[ S$3/4L]/2L]K=H%LK$[5I


M6
XFFKZU6O

H=\-;+-*[3UG^%7A






M&^,\X@HMY+.T9XM\8M1GBW0\/QC66
\


#B.'E39.NBVH6G&J%HN#T(DBH8
MJG!4-BHUG(5W&PZU+2SS
\D21(/#(NBZ4NNWDRB&R[+


M7-5E7B\^@+/H[P+_*BI_)LF\P?
@Z48O2HI1O *RZ.\_THK0#4$63BX5QP5
M_TKZ?V9H<+EN%_]=XZB]^XHAB3JOI1&[.V/.SI)%6M-;AXHLL*7HZPI9E7T


1WXO[
V%T#**ES;


MD0;/17)]CK9G^

;F-2A $/A[T WF(:=^RU&/6MA?36!*6^]H-@!#\!_8DUM

(QSJS@BY02.9KCY[.:7H1*H_U?6J!%.@/_350DKIT#CG=U3_6'-<'V=ES
M4'*J:_%T)MV[@! XYL-NRL4*%ALC=8V




MDR]LDTV9+?PT!R:X8SKL@/ L?[T 


!K=V 05K:TJ'#\W)Z5_T0&&Y&.:4

I*8=C




-/K-X

2DW:RN3BG]A@
M6P! 



3V,/39HG+GL#M$:P+6R)P*$&Q:Z2Y(Z)=
M&SL:X 7N(QYL7'1M?Z4&_Q)$OYV 4
DQ] !^@.*5V?P6]=1&5@Z*74JPV?

\6%_7? 5YH;
M8KX!\M3+ &!MGJ/TP!^/:-KUW._AB\Q0 ]]
OI*9471H@LGUI'GM;V8G;GK
M(/X1[+B@B;!)? SOH5R2ZHBR:+=F_P6TPC4
_]IF 

M%5B:M@/*LS2CA[?PQ2]P$^?J]KDA78'@3L#2=-@7/VZ/=QK'8D7;N$^7WMRE


0L\+^3
ME'O!+R7WB[KY;(D-I]6=






M?4MXLBN^!#RY]

M\G0W

M(RQ0+WK0B^

M-
RMRI4)
T3I$[76YU76\UWB'BKX0QGN$N29[7P2;B3 P[F!_P6V=S'*MC

M-=Q'LC:--J[RHVT'42#VRHT@^GM41)@19H3YM&$^=@A&=3]ZRB MM;8XZ18)






V4BT


M:0 K#6E :PT@)GHR_R6\EZPTH#HTC@SN
26406!\
B5AK I.$.'Q419H09

MP)LAK];6Y=KS=L+/#L.II&0XE6#LA5.I(APY6=%G1=/F1_65)_JP%D$^T0;L
MN@UH[@;G4F%K0\


Z?CF





MN56)%'_\-K_U98D582AP/X'K241VJ2DOZM-83]DET'1MNX-V36.]79[GP?H$
MX[









A+=&40^-^+T
MP8)+.YSVOYD+\_L;N:';FL-



M2K#TN^N\D/]QPZU^\XISYY/UK/'[F!VE-\97NJ98VL.


Q^D?M@J26&BM]]OCS^
M%]AEJL)S?/6GG^-9H6C*]&3*



M?;46[HKMI+W:0IU;0K?N5VOY;'E$8]ZQ@G($0[(9]HRA^W0GF$ -(32&T!CZ

HM)%LYZ P$CJ_D.P1+02TB= FJF43_;?M_-NF?XBL(K2$
MAF$P)RAC?4C\!N[)\\X4GHTCL:P@:&!U/Q9(T@)'L$RHY&$!I!E1CY8-G_
C&S?7R=LIM HZO/!: S;V:*KW$&%15MM LMNW< B/]E_9^37
M2PH\T1WTRO4 UB#;WNJG-$5J08KHA[8SL^B@K'+%KNZPK$(J7/\71F.<9;A?
M2((A-8SR#:4/I1U-**K@L(].M?U[D_LC]U,&(F<I#JX,!.WWYF]*A[R1;Z9/
MO'BG_V8'KV1EOC'5\G?/^DAD*R%



&&
MNV)E%31EFIDR6%D%[8A1DSV4C07-GQ,U?[RRDAL!JRL@L90%6*QL@H:%Z=)
M]E#V%[2)3MLFPLHJPS08L+(*&DA8665PQS*2/6!E1R
(C:!*C&!E%:RL
ES.




FU7TD1__'TN94Q


0



MC/[N7G_WH+\#8@=/8/R+
X
L@[NBA+B7AQ4;[,XF$O?9D7]6(L[@[ZHL=0<R ,]'Z_3!XI
M.A$%)'8%^ZP80  &PA.$(2Q$].1RT;3W]B(XH^C 7C\&WVB#YD/7J<2^$.
MC@'OXV.&Y&2'H%GD,]GP9U,,QR<[K =W\\[ZW7=&SRG(O(B#71SZ4W 7H3#


E!&)#0
7'_BA2OP? H%VTBQWX!5UYV:PZ%ZI

M2U9Q/\0'%=DIBKUM






XAG-Q'+L:,S  ]OU<R9N(QZ0;K?B%P.KN

M'SA;\E]+43Q-5$RG$


(9&907+LF
M%B0SZ))0.AENE(PB%*19'9TT#QH1#M/4E



MVL7;02/JTC8SIK.;:Z3)B+116DKM4S9*>)\&8V8.BE5DV,$ A(64,NF$1FI
M)=!T4]A&B32B
M.H=0J50E=:NR%RV2.SH=VCC)0^@UFM;2./\OUDWYZ*(GK5

A


MW:0H&0;N%'J)#\.Q0V+LH

S5@4SCCQ

H%

MRIN'2S&


M
ZRLCJJ\

\3DHZCA0(V%OV/C)P'1^JW8T9%=P+J










MXWR)1**L-3#J+G+=[/R)
)W0L(Y6MLWT0:


MH H_=^- =N6S2$MU977R;82\5)=$*W6XDYODU*#8:5(65:YNCAHQ*]7QPLX]
M

= I
M..XQ

99B!1G8=
B!8@^;XP44\&X)
2@@KXK+

M

MWXB^:8772#



.+F$[
:TKPFEN]_?

I5)XX3\9H]Z


7:)Q
X?X
M?@HO\QLT+O(+-![X_1G7[/J

GNPP*.B8/J/EKV(X8]9D!SA9



M=41^:N6J_O&
T]K'

M;(Q7/U)A(Y


M8:/]#MT]7

3Z.\X=K]L#V-^E6
&4LFL36K6*V'6 9V\HXE%7\


MOH3-S
IAREC
Q
M0S8
/OG^&U-;YTAA9F^IX-AISHG)D8^RGD5IQ6\=$VT%5\5W/1V^_)%$BW=*








2QXA+QTXSL\D5P]2

;0M4&_(



M4B=8(!()
(7VW+.KT?
\%VOY

@5JGL7JP*MU5U;9(



E1'!%)L
M$QU2\4#+YWF%7I45 D6%UUH;

3T5#];*3\Z<TL6KJZN
M\]]%48JO)JBX7OG^_;^@ .01Y9E %+%P 475/GX3W6 7


MR*DKB'\6I.\6WJ4O7)WWQR%L
_[[$%JQY?._7GBG0($50 =W)I[$%6[QGI J




MOH0C4(=HQBR@#$6Y@YTG=C %.K#; #)
P$=I*FQ*Q;#3$]F]D$#I&%AO;0

M[26B EW.WJ1@2

M3U]60))ZA'ML]3N0#$4@H
S)E)4('(3CC= S[3R;1*WVGT#UI)B.-(D8A+!9


MJ=2H)#/GP6]FFJ.&*SBLO9(9@43]OSW A(E121D3@B?(ZJOQ4D$X1]'# Q4D

A%@JL=A4K##Z?A2GQZHHQ3C
M[FJD$-O-E/C=C9A8@KL..([VS1G33XN;0\ B1AR_.]DG8')-;Z(-QO-3#-!
M-@PD) 2F *A;%3!#)AJ4F()5J;Q/ES_6]4D&^DFX:(%&4 6-&J 6*@\;3;
M'MK..G\5\EP.J?&'$6 S]HS1.(JBOE22W@'S




IWD
\A&FJFV3

M.G9/ZC[G

MRK

EXMQ_W%F



MRY7'D['1)H]3

[@





L(^8%)Y_ YK

7Y4\VJ


I
.Z].C[?NB6PQ_H_$M2HD/T+)M-3]%S

2V.9%5A5]G-%A*T0PVV(63[+KV0J3&5+9_.





0EH2[@[LQ ):9[G8/O/DZ55



 %0   &]R;F
M
C R
# V
S!?9&5F+GAM;.U];W?;-I/O







-*?;B]W8ES3 5P4JN-3]I^GPK&G_VE7N#]N (9AO(0Q












YH#$&*#%
J;#X 
@B$0;:F NX3P* K[1







M]B&-F.@9:;)T+2Q:/P^@D&H 1=5B$]*QHPY4#KH&^_%P0Z36+,(EI6;VIRV
MV=S1ELM A0^2IF7S.D]!7O%@\P)FURL:TE5&VKR849%./-KH!M%R=Z&RW1)
MF;OVWMUG*$A9

R








J.22U 2W8K^9/B6


I)T\#0

 @*S
:RA


M*EA6K#/^VA?Z!0ES?[94WL2.HB0XCTMO






=5#Q]I)^#4^08J42
M(WYRYM);=


JORD@R*.^

<=KEE6=MG$LU'*R=A@<%-)N5$K3-#U
6#Z RTHR?RVO/U[U
MK!SKZLEKLMO3#\.LA^R

NK&3=;




/2_/G*O3=& K2W.'IT1LV.#*K+!GUMI!ZX8^EZR4/

MP4H8^5 B_1X

KB_!V=T94K


[O1IQ;


OM^
C\ED8



MUQV;'OQ'&9XS2#R
UGD&_(%0]U1A4\KVLQ40[$KL+OFN?2Z5'L_;U9O4!MO'

MW.UQIS@!:EK+2



G!D.*B9.FH4W1D].LK:F3^*











Z@]M<6<@:8@09=$ !E&EK
!U$1P:Y*I
MSXMJ W

U:HIEA*Y+A!3SQ)HH::&U9!4S01K).$R
M]4L\$*N5S


QEG0DU

2H?D-RXFOC42[X'3[=PGH2^CHLG




_BV(I^8#]- NHKLE_/


M8=PMFNVA










M+0


MN3Y?^J5OE'PR?#CMY1X-%SU$I2X/S'*Z?ZM*Q


K*TG];K
MQ^G^:5I%-G9-@N

!/O$0SQ&@R
OP'@
M/



&8H]J@%L[W(1RW(%@ Q:0]ZNY








ME[_???WYZ;5W%;_ZU\7%F[M?3S=/T[/?7VW\._S[$UY_]\_I+_?X*8F?-O]:

VOW_WR

MWY.SN]N7+UT8I3);7FDJ\LEA-C:SH_WI;F9RXC%R+@)ARICR[S:[F/=!4'Z:

9&KJJL

M9(TWHCDK0E-T7K1JI=1V \HRW14D$

MO#9Q30!C:8+P+4:A.7OR_#[UE H-6VQMLM@$38[O5]E=:P:A3=E42P[MTK
M0BMU.=%O$&Z=Y4MLY:R,,^!K
^F=IE.%V]I=\-ZMPHZ#1^#2SU&4,2O
MP+42\.3Q-!'X.C[Z-I]VI+HB++SX/K[Y/K[Y/K[Y?C9OOE._(GLJPYI2S.?(
M@XT/C43^5!N1$3WODD3%SFNOX\,[_8=WAA.1CJ^ZGM6KKI]P1'HV(%.6CM]M
MF7VNDZ%H9\5-/]9)?P-] RN
?32DN/T[P%


M*071NM3NS-HM7U'_ BC&A5VI6CI!E?KE#





['NO'MNJI#.



'



MF%4&S*(U




GEE:)&D*PL]VMOHZ/J-5QP%@
M=E*[:V636JFH:,O!$#R42TGOO+9O[+&FQY


MF7 /L;7W?T)F[BJ-=Y[VQ?-&#*:=.%8=/\LO_5I8.G_DUS:?V]2E]*A/UY!K



M^C9:=B

K-;95:2I



*]NFIDZ_0[9^U1I/J5'X0SNP1.TG;DO

M
 # @\HH+C95:&(E_/7
D;4)T323NDX/C\RN6PJ






:(;\+53N./-NY&].GP1=9P


MQ\3R8V+Y

6X%

MK94$'(&

M\=5$(7_^II%5PKU?PK.


S9R I290+
TNLML]1%
']@C4_7\3G8;M&[/6]
MDA/D
KQ_C%B PTZL25V* 70 &L0
*2K&TO

=]I$8W
J^4
M;



M!X)\!##J\




M?KQVDQ9M
JLE:6F;)((Q_HM;4TY8_'0A!6J?U
MJU0K%1 6):6PZ+-XAVC:&3*(6)V3TMOS!(
;Y&WO PWD
3LO/P)1\E:7152


(C63.W*V$M3&_3\5P!%TM_54@J=!W_1Z;!()=#4
MA9C(4


M_#FIHPDE\V^6;C */;0&P83ZK!M^&2*W5=6

,
M,4GI2Z?MB5$O$7(2,&^81SFDY:\UGA-992&5B</J9
8MR*JDJ%KY6W^)^;7
M_;V

M[QH[:#OZN(I*RL

MA.U4UZL78 :)A]&:X7@];W7KK.J[5901+NZNX


()K-12AB*R#P$


52C.%


MK@'RKR@8O)01_?





5J!6+Z<Q#4G#6D+K7
M5*\#76$<UHN0-D9+K0^T4;<T]C!1]*$Y!N

M'RT=GRT=GRT9#=8-[]G2%_((QVPY^WV7V8B0

B64UK;TRU;T;4*NT4P$(TH84&NN
VIT









M;SVVU[+87NO82LN .W)LI?6






;TSF2P6)W%


MKR18]Y2Z4@#\O,5Q MJSOZ$H\=XR=ZG@=$W5-/=RPA! $JN1I

MF\.^1&X

M
C R
M
# V

M^WH(P3-
TB._OJ;=U^]_0V T2;V@VCWU]]\7)TO5I?+Y6_^[W\\+_^\K_/
MS\%[&
'$RZ /GD[@


M

+/(=^/H=^/KMM[__^MMW?P ?
MUY?H'^@W9

KV)7&.W6OLJ/78M6E'_&E/@Y? K)!XPF8]T%H_./J]_\

DP0M
XG M5= F(XI6%E#.\CWQQ$CHBC

^/HG?
MJ9#XUR?([\8QA1:1;TD#2A<=7VITCD4F3JIG)? B?\8*4Y7?G!.63YKZ-.2
MOV6TB0^P\O-
ZOGCK37RZ2OR]7%0X @7'0UJ+Q_3G^=$CB1\:XJ/:
_&)OHC

8)I./6WBM
KU^1QHX3/XB\Y+1$:ISX6-%




MBHTKM


MW-@6TS/O[?C9)K+XGC)NK



2LA

MF3#L*\

MIF+-^F.0[2_S-(L/
)G4%E5=VVHJA2)27!DDLZD[O)P/7A  4$*8P0EOR'S&
MFR
E


7\U#)TVR
MGVFQG8VR@8/F-$X4]*_N:=(#:N6XZ*[*\T470YSFUO'(CN6%N0_MU*:.U%UB




AGC];-25E(%
[B8DSW-57IE8L#L0%

XYR?Z 
P.C#Q
M/&N5A'@82

M
[V8(;&A'%6.DC*R7;!'O'NC:@Q-GSR%;AZ#ZLQW82;UL% +^!0R
@/C6H$A



FUF!'$7]%

*C=Y

 
3:R





8-(4#G'?7!




MIX03+PI4QWGP9$!F@WKZ##P/1DQO2J(Z?8;=%8AC]IBERVCA/^


PY2\F*JD24M@'8S1750FUNO5&-F50*FO7M#B:)9RE<Y7
=7 ?JLT3##
MO PU2/:2!)7PX=7Y(W
!F@S6




WK!8$N


^+WV
MT R IDC=.FYJ&DA9V:YI(-[_X'@OPC@( W(S(ADUU8(#W_MI@783Y57&3RW
MVP!7IF4%5!8S)(OB]X.@[O:0L.Z^H1U+S 2_
ZO\!=(;
@(4K6DGK46=]B
M@5 -M+@E'


MF[-:@962+*T1SVI2' MG


M($2
HW\H!P97J[C)


K?





A^@J)R]&.9ZK50
#VX6W=)#C/IRM8-!R7$TH\VEL

GG<P!]UO0G#67T)
2;QJU3V4$
M&*'8Z5!A487EI


/:N:V;Y
/CY



MC 5T
!('^#A+JYA4I:4$L#?H.81@($M$0?0[L)O=T@YK
MCD$Q!N!!;G0[E^(E;_L;

M1T7I-S&0Z7PZ%M#![L1 Q(VNRN]M;]C)3T6*GB



CBS)B&%R5!2@
MZ9V6'CL(''X]


MWE%$BPG8Q?V%C8I
'N?-#]Y2%_H/-31A[8XA*
M$YK]NTIC=;%(T(& C'1L=#+HWV9\=U,#;B/<!?@%+PHN_
.8QPZ'8 .3IDV
M!F*NUV

2\)R
9G@@WK&?Q



85VNR9SVN+B1!$K

74(N&Q+7*Z26!$N\L@
]KH081]K(!+#AG/H.)4V)ORR1DU/!

9%%6BK:




A8
U\9B]L\#'BKC&*C.
M[=






3?JX0'=E4))NA




MMQX]!0YWF^.)*&(_/5R$=-TI44.4UKDL.!.S2_7W0O'8X=Y:GD#\%W\X4_


MOO_Z)@_#TX


6D;GR4[.V9.@3:R@'
M=&S@B ?N T[TQ -


MH'_M)1&.

7(5EK5O^
J1XF8HT8D %C-='G#J'&T*

H^XMFF
SEV/M4!S62Z+R5^=Y7!T%A9PTVL!P1B+N
TN]^^




M2
U[F&:%[)$U)A$5YD(NO(LL1+CU&.C0QJN.;1!YT29 %_C-WDMV;@\]$?/:

.-*JXK9%QE5^PECG.9N*O!6)&8L2 TUG
MW!$B@7ND_9!)3O7A;9SBNGWW6Z08I[.C90M;%SL5K#BRMXXS;(UYQ8&-]C&

MO

M


M#$O4V=6F)BRK

M(Y&IJXNSW W-JG(MOR(T9B2_ C1Y+ZO+&?.77P514)!?&8E


+^A.OU*B3=B42'G8:X @V;2I&U\1U

M1
6U'=195L.


#(X%_!(]P7HE-B8%BSW!WMX/.)%Z$I6X(

MK8L6/Q$F3H

ZH&O
HA]J64_9TZ

M\1!*LYAZFGF
).&BH0KNM\*/Y:247Z

M=WE3[E:I.+JD

M^ B5MS] W.9B$B'JK^*V2Q1%0O0
&USVR0[+J[=Y@^GK'9C9R:G&WVOHXO


M/FMEO%@?.+_3 .

MY3MD&NW#95#0Y$V SC'XFEV@93]/(G338FR]U.^4N^&9IQ\_?%@\?@+W-^#B




A('
 3%A00(YN(I*-MXS D_B& WR(=L$

[
M@U[_<'WW\9K8W??K[ZX?P?+N\O[#M?.KJ!Z_VY=3#8J8:MK(/5VNP3'\T@\

M5BP!/LA]L4?$U!B&X^Y-$7R?H]0^HVRY










];*J.%F?
M8(+6KQJCU3C8LMWU\7'0U


M



M4]9A65=Y-/+D))D]S $T%'&OI3VRG




MUS(-[
5/37%QZ4W5Q%461WU8?&H%41UZ6PTE@N6&-2&2:9)9/Y@E6MVJ(6:
MD-N\2'V$56I'E_W CQ3J7




*YPZ'Y&W



WFIZ&F-!VX(C0D;!J
:)O. I3I+X

MI(NGE+2$57



*7+.W@XHHZ=P@4T
66%*I3
MPUQKLM?XP0MSZ$0$.RN[T)4JB*G(H',=J,-;!<%C4,DO-]-G
!@5S0.VIS6




?
IUUI^)R+)PXXCL%_?HIO[E
4EQMW?K1^7%Q_7R_L[\'[
MN




BVT\QM9!#A
@!?('O/^F76''&
M;3EMO+J8@XRJ2PM?@A5I.8U\8V


X0(9R&JOSB0@;+\_$Z/#*[F&1YW'
MV_

W;\_(#UZR ^/N'!Y6+X#N8F3[C7*
M9O[!$

MOL(( LA.7!C*AR&]@MO 6YB4.%SEDY8_U43!?I]A+?QX-D20[8
(O.M& =Q;
M!ZH\Y]L&2B094


MRCVA
!/F-KDF5\KK/4R@AUG@4I8;6


)F82AH


0


@



[AN 9K*B6GL&^C






M_X*C%RYP71!R=U


M H


7GBG%0)8:++M.

MWR(M6BT_,8JCG7JV&+5U+*CTM7DKHLIWTBN9B2GA7-'^]XEPNJ#!EEP?
:
MDYQY;16X4NE6V:9-3^.'!!Z]@-9@(T\%!WUW5G6I:' N_NZ/O?@F(PB/'H

M(3

MU/BTT;^ZGW4?JLVG8;W5.=]L


M?RQ-\Z-S],L/L!DP=*\W?8[3FVT](ZZW-?3=-18.'T2Q11N?$8NK\C$T=[


MV&%W*\:7DL)'BKNSD1B(
&#$^SYE0PS6H;/.!$A^Q^U(J_JKUR%#@.C(L-

ML9^2I(U)0]+







.8

3KATN5H+FA:I#!4470-)\S^14._H


.6]2J802SU7PP0U4%!#




M* 3/V.^$SRQDN8
XZ#.]\FE@0]IISZPC1/P5$81O'H]MQ5;QQ4K2:S!E+0C?C,$
M-ODJ;7T*C15=U)<7X


ND[.Q*522G9L7



=OLLWN8I=J; +$7?
OE](VZH


_C[?G.)G+(TLX?(\S



M243-;? /L)[N5M7I
+E]L5
EA8E-AG.RHARF.%*[BP*J5X.^LN/6IN9.MVI_


MZU3H*42NJ3A'I[EYL 67[(YPPHN-0YV[F/U')SQ4N-ZV8KA;2U'&K78M%\$.

U..

L]E3VUU]E0VI.+.
M1XDE&_EW)2!LU]
0HZ

MSXKSPQP;%\XX4V1Y#CH*KRC:L3DU2T6ZOA@



O#$0FFR7DIF&ZY$2@/#YZK

M$$8 ?=RTF!ZZI\


MQ
2FY\^VWNR=APDO\[4N8N.RQ:Z

4?4




^J[-05
ROA8#=?@[]EHP Y=@4&R8&4&FB0Q,3H4P1EO?.*&EX\+W\U&;]&8 F-B[BY
M'M<J8U&#$D;]/CA0J-);SW:;NY$M2[O_/IP



52?AV2%[B


M1SH4
0W-/\(0F6K^@X?6F%#6&
M85%K]U;DG(1D(R$BFY+@)2O%XU(XX
3=I
MKI;RIS#8?



818 P.$'C.



MEK2L 





C\=X?C%(XY(U: 5K]NH0+'E&*QD/$%0Q: $RS==Z7?#O=






M

MTW$H GK'U'BK64J[&A=K2Y_*'/Q8H\O5:)]



MKF.@'




^FZUQUN(E6;4QHY&(-6L)9J
01+GCN0PL2*
MJ.J)@@.Q#;B@!@Q*R UMYK!(WWC240=?!]/8

MS\#K.*[4#);_01[+TAO*:$=$?DS@E.4IY*M:#/5(D9$UM&I
/ /EU'F4J%!F
M;]-#KD:025/.1L_EM.S\UL%JG#2O.?BS39BKFX




M JVG7]0@V=

M4M=

(9O&8QI@E



M ;NBTI0G)


M;I+@B$=R65(/(2VKR&20X=D./P_F%OK$%^S4ML*]@LC0X@!^X 4DQ?XU\6K
MZ%KHI=\'MCRP]DU@J7CQI[(E:I&)X?CD2Y0OTO'O_2B$XA)5[($;B Z?9#U








7X9=0%)BG#;_*B=AS5
TDMY_C_I0&&YS/2=WF.7:/%\ZA/?1+'W




M309T4L]'X$#Y7;3XXATY[8_DS9:2DGW/R F@]DPAFH9IR!=8SN8@[S 7A[
MD7ANVD7]\@.1HHWR,Y'D;I,QA#O0,8[MW0)1=(T/]^^[$(^LN-@Q 'Q&$9




MWQ!50X%7C76IDWN(


S
F\(A.+GC<$*FG5$#]BSILZC




M
Q*4Q697DD(R9'4

MX6#T@IE
EQ1W;O5
M,L8'9+4DF&4MZU.1)VJSG5:S5<*PQRH=LEBM-9R0*6D_UV6@0DD3PKEQ12G


@L=<.=X/KN
M./Q8E&AZ'K8F9S0@.&N*9[-.

M=2

N;X)+$/)SZQ!9OUQK9%=Z0LTX9R32G#OT)GM&_F\ KK
 2

M?V/3JZB0K_0URY


MD JWN
ZL^=SBAA?!M*B4NP'#&P1:+T!:SW#;/I*+EC1(VMVS13/F!D8G1-SO


MJ;.P.T=_*VI1L:T1R/MMZ1A8O ;\CKB]D2Y3G?K8]'WBG*W92U*JV4W/
.S\


:NBN

</W::?^
M? : =





M1+M?QL^!CUL1;%3K./-G.$[YXZ'%

U_


MYCG






M\&V/5
$C 7Z


8;ZKD


M^*YP!FHEBZK[G(F;)Z=


:GHDH7-Q_-31 %Z1[Z)(*D\
F4XP&9


M?A[R34*+-VC)65=RN[YU8Y?Z 7^!Y)A^A
0PP;'3E'B^+M!9YE?7/6E($D\Y

(75BB
9S.5L_
M&MU^6J.^$#1A@



5062K05:_
M5YZAIQWA8
1:^G

WCYA&F$!%BWV@L7W1?QG&T5;S-7I!6


MP4//D9X]-)/+7)XK#-Q95.=NT2*9+[UTC_^'/\UG+\0XH

L2X(-]MVB/Z#/
MMOV+QDB:Q+R


X5*$!A 0+
\6U&



$6N%5[K_J=I$!
MH[=[9AJ



Z.
V(/K(G

2YL+&X$ :AS26K0VK HTJY!
:MW\%*IE)G-%UX:


M#=S46-0C@\5CC1B_*T@: [R'Z+*!)3R%_X!O\PFI2^?81%8$]O\!8PS4$A


Q(XW!N&%KJ?N%@@$%'$DAG?F^






MES;BW/AB9VL6/7SJ5N; ET@L^WSN+Y$$5!AFL3M\B=1PJ)$ZCVJU+\G0L^+E
MT7PJ5!&TV(J+M4M+)DJCUN


MD^K@W4Z@CBI.CT$GEC2
R0&KHE/G6B #[=)+DM
V3EZ\A-\
I9&9@J: UAS7
QS#[GE&C-/:
D@H
*PH*]#IT/=D*C5C B=M CE'&&(OG/)JP/5
M=D_$'JFAUMEHBP
^*US;BAJ48


0!8?\\(@K$(1E-[F;.&GGR!M8-Q0\


7Y81LB(.E-62




LH8

8G0(

R'*#QSLI6


M.]3N[!V+%+R(1E:9QJP2HEDDQ?4AR]P#
T++WZRS?*VJ4&)9'E0[-ZM1'K*N
MR2I(7:
/

MY6H-$=0@ZTRI)EG+IZAM&R?!!=G7W
C9SG$RGG[9&7A08)E\U
\!-HPA)]
MW$X_;+7-BS]P'0+:C5?T3VZ-3BM-V\;;(B'6


'HCV;)?\#TF\@=!/L3MIM8^3K&RD



DO-[


ZL196:SF2(\


Y






MH-F_5Q4NR


I

/ZZS
M5+J?-TJJT1+\/_@'M+T]05GN\S!F7&&=NN6R*

M *


M\+*-*@VN/1MY7UW;/JRR#;7O3=H7UUE(6]FP3GO9OJMQ+IU ;:YW82(O/;[C



MR
K/Z7ZQAGVV\[O.-C1?JA_Y*P%%.+%;JMWN+*F))S7USD--.B
TL:DG)&TE
M)_.'OG-X$Z9'T=;;K/VS5Y59-3?=R0LVK

M0DD8








8_CVP@[YRD#
M$U/^NBG*+%_MKDSM3YCO:Y@1&79&&8*TZ_\YFW5
-T_J]DE-P$P!BX;L/ C$
M28WP*!9)W%2
\)2VUN@D$R^[

MURV8
B
2%P 
$M*N[T0=O7;%?&FOT?G.U.K&_U!V?TDWZSC/@3Q$J:SEZ&A
MNE8KOZP:



MOE[JCLE?-E/M7Z9)[4




:
M/E\&%15M&Z  /#$W;18-;=AS0H]JK;TKH3/YDS$%F;D! I=?/S0M![GRQ&XD







9SX.

Q1H2BFC=_ +R+4\HAHJ=7'@<@&T(X^=554H;57


AYT05I

MF88Y   N=@
 %0   &]R;F
M
C R
# V






H'OD^2J*8GI^WE @?



[H /X
:[#Z44KN8K@RR9@#4B

M9B9]W^J-FD^U#@\\@MH^MS8K=+D\LB3*@'%U!'?ZO:H4T'RA3I.[](GL3J
M)\:/AX)S)$^5\%M3G)+SB.0)5H)G+*Y7ZRK)$]WXO4&SI.(_J:M!^4.3UX.T
MSZ1RJJJ!-.?9'KI4JP6?FSN1A[6?*TU7YG
'S:XF$I6 1RD(R&S79.F
J9
M7_W(8!B_ULE186$3 '
AYE8/1V7#RP*S[INH7%CBSPU&%'*W0\T@*7UCU!OP
MER!(0H#F'HFQ!Q?+F'X&[CT=I0 W
)YB@


M4^=)8_F2


M311DKB


=;35RZP8/^0)<[7]G:N=_6U5=K75
O6<H4%GSE<D$6$$F
MF@*!;2#


M@B(+D5^'[(B-Y9WG/Z0FKD@_/%%0EXN/&_]^ZY:Z69^D3L#MRQ*1DD=W;/G
M&3\N\Y!11BAIG*RY1^YY*5P&[Y05_YV

MIS)SC%9Z(HU1*]


S


MJ:W8W=#9KZ8'ZZ: ;#@[4LPO8\Z)B3NRE[MQR%$[0Y(KF3?Z@K
HKB$+J9
3
MV%DTA3X ?03&&] -4H1-[#/E]'4)XV3O\WW$;2JH' =JVO6Z+EI399=3*Y07




#G
MV
=OU_!2/F

/1RR2
_+]9)7P\N\)F$
?VCGG)-Z/?O:
MQ2G#.:=Y$8=7;4_VO]-]:,[LWXGO.^?1L5$4]3-5J3.3?_.03(!
S-AO^\L

Z_.ZYUK/6H;A&E$^]N%T%3(.


N9V$\3
-BW0!\C[J_%QU0=TE(
MTI=P
UQ#M%^%?#.:5-&[85
=DZNM5Q5 5DT8$2[%RRZ;*B05N
I_UZW7W
)D



PM

(





?1C
MD%:



M1WX








MJJ+(@90K5C2KYR4
Y[:JT\Z^Y6TJ6*ZKVX=[;D39A_&6TFMQ4)H4YH'==I+L
ET3^1V[


2FM










MICW:53)#V[JC%5O^) $QFD 
?*;#:B&_'839#H*FNR4'27D3-H)5\[ D0;FZ
MIY1$P:L1)5DSO*?/L1=]&2.







H-R4HBHE_31#4




MG
<
MH=4]C(J'OQ5A-Z ;D'2;F):+L]_9J3L/*L'^DEI[A:O=HC3%V ;F=XJYEHO3

H-5V)K+WT8244#IC'%/EV'4,M2$G\]#DU+#X7AX'

M@ER#A\(Z


%51]3.]YH5

TERUGUG'ST8'<L

PFSQJ3]K7.


OJ[&

M];2+U.EQ:V9+SO'KQ/#!!?ODQOEI;;MA#?3;BUV
II
I)PUV8*/]=!@WN&U2


:CP;8R+T\


Q$<8P56RNF,L
M#O-[^0+AZKB]/@_<+I2Y32-1F&IH2!##PZWSC[L^*[WU$8@%F.<]4AZW9R2



\

M1VR
9[C
M_
1Q7C&


MHCBV'2'LSI_OU__N9:84CX(+HDY4W7L]QE09Z0U*D7;KP%X'.
;@%F#1+I
M/_O5#P$-@S $]11$Q'5SEUS_H7X8;1#T04#6$





?SG=/([//K_:!%/\^1&O
MO_MM_/


M'VMT
\:+/S[--R Y!Y\?OHP^C^^6WWV\O/WFT\/-XM?+^.?I3^/%X_9V\M/]
SZ\\-.DJ _]4;4[S7T_U-/\7UU.NH25P;K13M/.8
M)I97Z\*JW5'P:3HQR6\&[HCYS5=K


6E#]R%Z9O96UY5QMMWAK+YGX!+
M8=XSUX_^[S-O)%Q=*155@^CHC+ 5'&'B563ID$N;UUERUSH;O0ORY*XH&Q;:
M*;XH3!V[!H(1O!*S.25 =F[X[Z 661IYAPDSKNJ/)4N.'08)532UOB6.:E'Q







7;H%AT129X2K[MN9$U9

B%W;M&9DTLU%BU'L

M@X!'CBN6=U1=P @2NJ / 6615=&Y;QX3$UZ%3ZYNA1RNK+,N(PX*W*KH'#M
M8$B)J\H6DS7^GO
5.5X.QQH478AM!=*P=IXD=\R%V)P\P9 E




?;


,BT=<#$DP#]ST
MO*D2-'M '62R_WK 
BFPP%S/\$XRH3+HLE.*W[OMFM-)+$4N.&LS7B'J B6X


(5L=-MF.M91K]-R=;A<9TT:$2NM0PT.'--1:@'Y*Z





06=S#
M
K



*18X[:ZX4


M.*-_P-9U




UMTY363^%JLT(Y

H9R.6K+LR52DW\5



M13X



MWP1XH3EK0#U;@K




J)F2161W$IDN!X-YM7
M%O$]VRX.IX/XY&B]C&8/B(5\[
3?U*EP/4WL*#2H*!5'#0/4*68ST8]!D_9T

M?6)6V$0YP-Y8'F!



M6H;+PG+:S%U]!V07N!R;G!3[31

[J_O(PV@,0L$/\!HV2M+D$I0Z=6SWI


SC&5EL\HCC&\3V*VV].I1/5-
MI01:OC\*4BJB3M.S/);#
?KKUP1&^]#7\@D3O[:KX;VHU4?^35







S3_OCL5QAG6[OJ8Y(9UTHYL[/Z/_=S
7%Y\)
M1%/SF;

2!-;B\FACA5. O]E0B:(M=S3D$KVH:
](%:L0U[G2RPX/NHI_Q_'



M



M-+87)^\
16D/6 KKEKK 
(J7X/;NK&N;D6(&TB@*[D 

M*F@F8$[U*RBQD^)/L?

MI8H6&YA1WL@FIN.DEOE_!
M(=&4KO/5.D1;@#]Z


M\%]ZY/8K3 FB1+$VY7E4DQRY0




N^W[AE:K545H[R
M9@




M

1W2K
8=@/0H[D
G(0;BC3
ME.J.:3D5H0XB?-K E%Q4!B(*NI?5=.6%NW;A!JZH
KQA74P57N32
=1?34
X


  !4              ( !2]4  &]R;F
M
C R
M
# V
S!?8V%L+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( #!N%U-/'GUNUC@  (A2 P 5

4
M  P;A=3,N0%X7)^  B+ 8 %0              @ %5&@$ ;W)N8RTR
#(P
M
#8S

&X74TETP)F&.0  +G8# !4
M         ( !^I@! &]R;F
M
C R
# V



