

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-18-003888
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		40
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20171231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20180402
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20180402
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ORANCO INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001098996
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [9995]
		IRS NUMBER:				870574491
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-28181
		FILM NUMBER:		18729469
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1981 E. MURRAY HOLLADAY RD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84117
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8012729294
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1981 E. MURRAY HOLLADAY RD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84117









     






SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION&nbsp;
Washington
 D. C. 20549


UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended December 31
2017

REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

to________

ORANCO
INC




    
    
    

    
    
    


One Liberty Plaza 
 Suite 2310 PMB# 21
New York
 NY 10006






 if changed
since last Report)

None


Common

a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.


is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.


(1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the Company was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.


has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).


delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&sect; 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein
 and will
not be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.&#9;&#9744;

is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. Se the definitions
of &ldquo;large accelerated filer&rdquo;
 &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo;
 &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo;
 and &ldquo;emerging
growth company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act


    
    

    

        
        


 indicate by check mark if the
registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. &#9744;

is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes &#9746; No &#9744;

by non-affiliates based upon the price at which Common Stock was last sold as of June 30
 2017
 the last business day of the registrant&rsquo;s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter
 was approximately $854
689.

 2018
 the number of shares of the registrant&rsquo;s
common stock outstanding was 42
191
480.




    
    






    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    


SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS

This annual report on Form 10-K (the
&ldquo;Report&rdquo;) and other reports (collectively the &ldquo;Filings&rdquo;) filed by the registrant from time to time with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) contain or may contain forward looking statements and information
that are based upon beliefs of
 and information currently available to
 the registrant&rsquo;s management as well as estimates
and assumptions made by the registrant&rsquo;s management. When used in the filings the words &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo;
&ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;future
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan&rdquo; or the negative of
these terms and similar expressions as they relate to the registrant or the registrant&rsquo;s management identify forward looking
statements. Such statements reflect the current view of the registrant with respect to future events and are subject to risks
uncertainties
 assumptions and other factors (including the risks contained in the section of this Report entitled &ldquo;Risk
Factors&rdquo;) relating to the registrant&rsquo;s industry
 the registrant&rsquo;s operations and results of operations and any
businesses that may be acquired by the registrant. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize
 or should the
underlying assumptions prove incorrect
 actual results may differ significantly from those anticipated
 believed
 estimated
 expected
intended or planned.

Although the registrant believes that
the expectations reflected in the forward looking statements are reasonable
 the registrant cannot guarantee future results
 levels
of activity
 performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law
 including the securities laws of the United States
the registrant does not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with the registrant&rsquo;s financial statements and the related notes thereto
included in this Report.

As used herein and except as otherwise
noted
 the term &ldquo;Company&rdquo;
 &ldquo;it(s)&rdquo;
 &ldquo;our&rdquo;
 &ldquo;us&rdquo;
 &ldquo;we&rdquo;
 &ldquo;Oranco&rdquo;
or &ldquo;ORNC&rdquo; shall mean Oranco
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation.


    
    









 Inc.
 or the Company
 was incorporated
under the laws of the State of Nevada
 on June 10
 1977. The purposes for which the corporation was organized were: (1) to engage
in any lawful business from time to time authorized by the board of directors
 (2) to act as principal
 agent
 partner or joint
venturer or in any other capacity in any transaction
 (3) to do business anywhere in the world
 and (4) to have and exercise all
rights and powers from time to time granted to the corporation by law.


and undertook no activities. Beginning in 1982 the Company explored the option of entering into a joint venture to develop a mercury
mining property at Mercury Mountain
 Nevada. As a part of these activities the Company
 through the sale of its common stock
 raised
funds to engage the services of an independent mining engineer to prepare a report on the feasibility of the project. By late 1983
it had been determined that the project did not warrant any further investment. From that time until 1997 the Company's activities
concentrated on maintaining its corporate existence and looking for other opportunities for the Company. In May of 1997 new management
was appointed
 a shareholders' meeting was held
 amendments to the Company's articles of incorporation were approved
 and additional
effort was made by new management to make the Company a viable merger candidate. These efforts included engaging the services of
a certified Public Accounting firm to audit the Company's financial statements
 obtaining an Opinion of Counsel as to the tradability
of the Company's outstanding shares
 preparation of the information required by Rule 15c2-11
 and applying to the OTC Bulletin
Board for trading on the medium.


 no viable acquisitions
or merger candidates had been located for the Company and management became aware that the Company would be required to register
its shares under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 in order to maintain its stock on the OTC Bulletin Board. Management determined
that the Company needed new management which might be better positioned to find a suitable acquisition or merger candidate and
which would be in a position of funding the upcoming expenses of the Company. On September 1
 1999 management of the Company resigned
and Claudio Gianascio was appointed as sole director and officer. On November 9
 1999 the Company sold 700
000 of its shares of
common stock to Mr. Gianascio for $.05 per share
 netting a total of $35
000. On November 18
 1999 the Company filed a registration
statement on Form 10SB which became effective sixty days thereafter.


of $25
000 consisting of 100
000 shares of $.25 par value common stock. On June 10
 1997 the shareholders approved an amendment
to the Articles of Incorporation of The Company changing the authorized capital to 100
000
000 shares at a par value of $.001 and
providing for a 10 to 1 share forward split of the outstanding shares. The Articles of Amendment were filed with the State of Nevada
on August 6
 1998.


 the Company completed
a private placement of 2
500
000 units for which it received $250
000. Each unit consisted of one share of common stock; one &ldquo;a&rdquo;
warrant giving the holder thereof the right to purchase
 upon a minimum of 60 days prior notice of exercise
 one share of common
stock at $.10 per share within two years of the date of issuance; and one &ldquo;b&rdquo; warrant giving the holder thereof the
right to purchase
 upon a minimum of 60 days prior notice of exercise
 one share of common stock at $.25 per share within two years
of the date of issuance. Both &ldquo;a&rdquo; &amp; &ldquo;b&rdquo; warrants expired without exercise.


 2017
 Million Success Business
Limited
 a British Virgin Islands corporation (&ldquo;Buyer&rdquo;) entered into a Share Purchase Agreement (&ldquo;Purchase Agreement&rdquo;)
with the then largest shareholder of the Company
 Mr. Claudio Gianascio
 who owned 90.4% of the total outstanding shares of the
Company (&ldquo;Seller&rdquo;). Pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement
 the Seller sold to the Buyer all of his shares
of common stock of the Company
 par value $0.001 per share (the &ldquo;Common Stock&rdquo;)
 or 38
121
530 shares of the Common
Stock for $340
000 (such transaction
 the &ldquo;Share Purchase&rdquo;). The Share Purchase closed on December 29
 2017.


 there
was a change in our board and executive officers. Mr. Claudio Gianascio
 sole director
 President
 Treasurer and Secretary of the
Company appointed Mr. Peng Yang to serve as sole director
 President
 Treasurer and Secretary of the Company
 with such appointment
effective on January 5
 2018
 being ten days from the date the Information Statement on Schedule 14F-1 (the &ldquo;Schedule 14F-1&rdquo;)
reporting the change in control as a result of the Share Purchase was mailed to all the stockholders of the Company. Mr. Gianascio
resigned from all his positions with the Company effective on January 5
 2018.




We intend to comply with the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act for so long as we are subject to those requirements.


since inception other than the above-referenced matters and seeking and investigating potential assets
 properties or businesses
to acquire.



    
    



to continue to seek the acquisition of assets
 property or business that may benefit the Company and its stockholders
 it is essentially
a &ldquo;blank check&rdquo; company. Because the Company has limited assets and conducts no business
 management anticipates that
any such acquisition would require it to issue shares of its Common Stock as the sole consideration for the acquisition. This may
result in substantial dilution of the shares of current stockholders. The Company's Board of Directors shall make the final determination
whether to complete any such acquisition; the approval of stockholders will not be sought unless required by applicable laws
 rules
and regulations
 its Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws
 or contract. The Company makes no assurance that any future enterprise
will be profitable or successful.

The
Company is not currently engaging in any substantive business activity and has no plans to engage in any such activity in the foreseeable
future. In its present form
 the Company may be deemed to be a vehicle to acquire or merge with a business or company. The Company
does not intend to restrict its search to any particular business or industry
 and the areas in which it will seek out acquisitions
reorganizations or mergers may include
 but will not be limited to
 the fields of high technology
 manufacturing
 natural resources
service
 research and development
 communications
 transportation
 insurance
 brokerage
 finance
 trading and all medically related
fields
&nbsp;The Company
recognizes that the number of suitable potential business ventures that may be available to it may be extremely limited
 and may
be restricted to entities who desire to avoid what these entities may deem to be the adverse factors related to an initial public
offering (&ldquo;IPO&rdquo;). The most prevalent of these factors include substantial time requirements
 legal and accounting costs
the inability to obtain an underwriter who is willing to publicly offer and sell shares
 the lack of or the inability to obtain
the required financial statements for such an undertaking
 limitations on the amount of dilution to public investors in comparison
to the stockholders of any such entities
 along with other conditions or requirements imposed by various federal and state securities
laws
 rules and regulations. Any of these types of entities
 regardless of their prospects
 would require the Company to issue
a substantial number of shares of its common stock to complete any such acquisition
 reorganization or merger
 usually amounting
to between 80 and 95 percent of the outstanding shares of the Company following the completion of any such transaction; accordingly
investments in any such private entity
 if available
 would be much more favorable than any investment in the Company.


any transaction resulting in a change of control of the Company and/or the acquisition of a business
 the Company will be required
to file with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K within the time periods provided for. A filing on Form 8-K also requires the
filing of audited financial statements of the business acquired
 as well as pro forma financial information consisting of a pro
forma condensed balance sheet
 pro forma statements of income and accompanying explanatory notes.


of factors prior to making any decision as to whether to participate in any specific business endeavor
 none of which may be determinative
or provide any assurance of success. These may include
 but will not be limited to an analysis of the quality of the entity's management
personnel; the anticipated acceptability of any new products or marketing concepts; the merit of technological changes; its present
financial condition
 projected growth potential and available technical
 financial and managerial resources; its working capital
history of operations and future prospects; the nature of its present and expected competition; the quality and experience of its
management services and the depth of its management; its potential for further research
 development or exploration; risk factors
specifically related to its business operations; its potential for growth
 expansion and profit; the perceived public recognition
or acceptance of its products
 services
 trademarks and name identification; and numerous other factors which are difficult
 if
not impossible
 to properly or accurately analyze
 let alone describe or identify
 without referring to specific objective criteria.


 the results of operations of
any specific entity may not necessarily be indicative of what may occur in the future
 by reason of changing market strategies
plant or product expansion
 changes in product emphasis
 future management personnel and changes in innumerable other factors.
Further
 in the case of a new business venture or one that is in a research and development mode
 the risks will be substantial
and there will be no objective criteria to examine the effectiveness or the abilities of its management or its business objectives.
Also
 a firm market for its products or services may yet need to be established
 and with no past track record
 the profitability
of any such entity will be unproven and cannot be predicted with any certainty.


with management and key personnel of the entity sponsoring any business opportunity afforded to the Company
 visit and inspect
material facilities
 obtain independent analysis or verification of information provided and gathered
 check references of management
and key personnel and conduct other reasonably prudent measures calculated to ensure a reasonably thorough review of any particular
business opportunity; however
 due to time constraints of management
 these activities may be limited.


as to when and if
 it will participate in any specific business endeavor. The Company anticipates that proposed business ventures
will be made available to it through personal contacts of directors
 executive officers and principal stockholders
 professional
advisors
 broker dealers in securities
 venture capital personnel
 members of the financial community and others who may present
unsolicited proposals. In certain cases
 the Company may agree to pay a finder's fee or to otherwise compensate the persons who
submit a potential business endeavor in which the Company eventually participates. Such persons may include the Company's directors
executive officers
 beneficial owners or their affiliates. In this event
 such fees may become a factor in negotiations regarding
a potential acquisition and
 accordingly
 may present a conflict of interest for such individuals.


any potential acquisition target
 the possibility exists that the Company may acquire or merge with a business or company in which
the Company's executive officers
 directors
 beneficial owners or their affiliates may have an ownership interest. Current Company
policy does not prohibit such transactions. Because no such transaction is currently contemplated
 it is impossible to estimate
the potential pecuniary benefits to these persons.



    
    



 substantial fees are often paid
in connection with the completion of these types of acquisitions
 reorganizations or mergers. These fees are usually divided among
promoters or founders
 after deduction of legal
 accounting and other related expenses
 and it is not unusual for a portion of
these fees to be paid to members of management or to principal stockholders as consideration for their agreement to retire a portion
of the shares of common stock owned by them. In the event that such fees are paid
 they may become a factor in negotiations regarding
any potential acquisition by the Company and
 accordingly
 may present a conflict of interest for such individuals.




Company
 as now contemplated
 involve those of a &ldquo;blank check&rdquo; company. The only activities to be conducted by the
Company are to manage its current limited assets and to seek out and investigate the acquisition of any viable business opportunity
by purchase and exchange for securities of the Company or pursuant to a reorganization or merger through which securities of the
Company will be issued or exchanged.




business opportunities through every reasonably available fashion
 including personal contacts
 professionals
 securities broker
dealers
 venture capital personnel
 members of the financial community and others who may present unsolicited proposals; the Company
may also advertise its availability as a vehicle to bring a company to the public market through a &ldquo;reverse&rdquo; reorganization
or merger.








thousands of &ldquo;blank check&rdquo; companies engaged in endeavors similar to those engaged in by the Company; many of these
companies have substantial current assets and cash reserves. Competitors also include thousands of other publicly-held companies
whose business operations have proven unsuccessful
 and whose only viable business opportunity is that of providing a publicly-held
vehicle through which a private entity may have access to the public capital markets. There is no reasonable way to predict the
competitive position of the Company or any other entity in the strata of these endeavors; however
 the Company
 having limited
assets and cash reserves
 will no doubt be at a competitive disadvantage in competing with entities which have recently completed
IPOs
 have significant cash resources and have recent operating histories when compared with the complete lack of any substantive
operations by the Company for the past several years.

Sources and Availability of Raw Materials
and Names of Principal Suppliers







Patents
 Trademarks
 Licenses
 Franchises
 Concessions
Royalty Agreements or Labor Contracts



Need for any Governmental Approval of Principal Products
or Services


no products or services
 it is not presently subject to any governmental regulation in this regard. However
 in the event that
the Company engages in a merger or acquisition transaction with an entity that engages in such activities
 it will become subject
to all governmental approval requirements to which the merged or acquired entity is subject.








However environmental laws
 rules and regulations may have an adverse effect on any business venture viewed by the Company as an
attractive acquisition
 reorganization or merger candidate
 and these factors may further limit the number of potential candidates
available to the Company for acquisition
 reorganization or merger.






    
    





including the following.

The Company has had very limited
operating history and no revenues or earnings from operations


financial resources. The Company will
 in all likelihood
 sustain operating expenses without corresponding revenues
 at least until
the consummation of a business combination. This may result in the Company incurring a net operating loss which will increase continuously
until the Company can consummate a business combination with a target company. There is no assurance that the Company can identify
such a target company and consummate such a business combination.




statements
 the Company incurred a net loss of $30
287 during year ended December 31
 2017 and accumulated losses of $389
352 since
inception in 1977. The Company's current assets exceed its current liabilities by $2
738 at December 31
 2017. These factors create
an uncertainty as to the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern
is dependent upon the success of raising additional capital through the issuance of common stock
 borrowing from existing shareholders
and/or the ability to generate sufficient operating revenue.

Our proposed business plan is speculative
in nature.


of operation will depend to a great extent on the operations
 financial condition and management of the identified target company.
While management will prefer business combinations with entities having established operating histories
 there can be no assurance
that the Company will be successful in locating candidates meeting such criteria. In the event the Company completes a business
combination
 of which there can be no assurance
 the success of the Company's operations will be dependent upon management of the
target company and numerous other factors beyond the Company's control.

The Company is and will continue
to be an insignificant participant in the business of seeking mergers with and acquisitions of business entities


entities
 including venture capital firms
 are active in mergers and acquisitions of companies which may be merger or acquisition
target candidates for the Company. Nearly all such entities have significantly greater financial resources
 technical expertise
and managerial capabilities than the Company and
 consequently
 the Company will be at a competitive disadvantage in identifying
possible business opportunities and successfully completing a business combination. Moreover
 the Company will also compete with
numerous other small public companies in seeking merger or acquisition candidates.

The Company has no current agreement
or understanding with respect to engaging in a merger with or acquisition of a specific business entity. However
 it continues
to evaluate various possibilities and have discussions with various parties.


will be successful in identifying and evaluating suitable business opportunities or in concluding a business combination. Management
has not identified any particular industry or specific business within an industry for evaluation by the Company. There is no assurance
that the Company will be able to negotiate a business combination on terms favorable to the Company. The Company has not established
a specific length of operating history or a specified level of earnings
 assets
 net worth or other criteria which it will require
a target company to have achieved
 or without which the Company would not consider a business combination with such business entity.
Accordingly
 the Company may enter into a business combination with a business entity having no significant operating history
losses
 limited or no potential for immediate earnings
 limited assets
 negative net worth or other negative characteristics.

Our management has limited time to
devote to our business.


 management
anticipates devoting only a limited amount of time per month to the business of the Company. The Company's sole officer has not
entered into a written employment agreement with the Company but he is expected to do so in the near future. The Company has not
obtained key man life insurance on its officer and director. Notwithstanding the combined limited experience and time commitment
of management
 loss of the services of this individual would adversely affect development of the Company's business and its likelihood
of continuing operations.

The Company's sole officer and director
participates in other business ventures which may compete directly with the Company.


length transactions may also arise in the future. Management has adopted a policy that the Company will not seek a merger with
or acquisition of
 any entity in which any member of management serves as an officer
 director or partner
 or in which they or
their family members own or hold any ownership interest.



    
    


Reporting requirements may delay
or preclude an acquisition.


of 1934
 or the Exchange Act
 requires companies subject thereto to provide certain information about significant acquisitions
including certified financial statements for the company acquired covering one or two years
 depending on the relative size of
the acquisition. The time and additional costs that may be incurred by some target companies to prepare such financial statements
may significantly delay or essentially preclude consummation of an otherwise desirable acquisition by the Company. Acquisition
prospects that do not have or are unable to obtain the required audited statements may not be appropriate for acquisition so long
as the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act are applicable.

The Company has neither conducted
nor have others made available to it
 market research indicating that demand exists for the transactions contemplated by the Company.


or acquisition of the type contemplated by the Company
 there is no assurance the Company will be successful in completing any
such business combination.

The Company's proposed operations
even if successful
 will in all likelihood result in the Company engaging in a business combination with only one business entity.


 the Company's activities
will be limited to those engaged in by the business entity which the Company merges with or acquires. The Company's inability to
diversify its activities into a number of areas may subject the Company to economic fluctuations within a particular business or
industry and therefore increase the risks associated with the Company's operations.

Given that the Company is a considered a &ldquo;blank check&rdquo;
company there is potential for being classified an Investment Company.


regulation under the Exchange Act
 management believes the Company will not be subject to regulation under the Investment Company
Act of 1940
 insofar as the Company will not be engaged in the business of investing or trading in securities. In the event the
Company engages in business combinations which result in the Company holding passive investment interests in a number of entities
the Company could be subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940. In such event
 the Company would be required
to register as an investment company and could be expected to incur significant registration and compliance costs. The Company
has obtained no formal determination from the SEC as to the status of the Company under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and
consequently
 any violation of such Act could subject the Company to material adverse consequences.

A business combination involving
the issuance of the Company's common stock will
 in all likelihood
 result in shareholders of a target company obtaining a controlling
interest in the Company.


shareholders of the Company to sell or transfer all or a portion of the Company's common stock held by them. The resulting change
in control of the Company will likely result in removal of the present officer and director of the Company and a corresponding
reduction in or elimination of his participation in the future affairs of the Company. Currently
 there are no pending acquisitions
business combinations or mergers.

The Company's primary plan of operation
is based upon a business combination with a business entity which
 in all likelihood
 will result in the Company issuing securities
to shareholders of such business entity.


unissued common stock of the Company would result in reduction in percentage of shares owned by the present shareholders of the
Company and would most likely result in a change in control or management of the Company.

Federal and state tax consequences
will
 in all likelihood
 be major considerations in any business combination the Company may undertake.


 such transactions may be structured
so as to result in tax-free treatment to both companies
 pursuant to various federal and state tax provisions. The Company intends
to structure any business combination so as to minimize the federal and state tax consequences to both the Company and the target
company; however
 there can be no assurance that such business combination will meet the statutory requirements of a tax-free reorganization
or that the parties will obtain the intended tax-free treatment upon a transfer of stock or assets. A non-qualifying reorganization
could result in the imposition of both federal and state taxes which may have an adverse effect on both parties to the transaction.

Management of the Company will request
that any potential business opportunity provide audited financial statements.


may choose to forego the possibility of a business combination with the Company rather than incur the expenses associated with
preparing audited financial statements. In such case
 the Company may choose to obtain certain assurances as to the target company's
assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses prior to consummating a business combination
 with further assurances that audited financial
statements would be provided after closing of such a transaction. Closing documents relative thereto may include representations
that the audited financial statements will not materially differ from the representations included in such closing documents.



    
    


Our stock is subject to the Penny
Stock rules
 which impose significant restrictions on the Broker-Dealers and may affect the resale of our stock


rules
 and investors will experience resale restrictions and a lack of liquidity. A penny stock is generally a stock that:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



duties and responsibilities upon broker-dealers and salespersons effecting purchase and sale transactions in common stock and other
equity securities
 including:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



 many broker-dealers
will not effect transactions in penny stocks except on an unsolicited basis. When our common stock becomes subject to the penny
stock trading rules




    
    
such rules may materially limit or restrict the ability to resell our common stock
 and

    
    
    


It is possible that a liquid market
for our stock will never develop and you will not be able to sell your stock.


made in our stock. If no market exists
 you will not be able to sell your shares publicly
 making your investment of little or
no value.

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED
STAFF COMMENTS


the information required by this Item because the Company is a smaller reporting company.




One Liberty Plaza 
 Suite 2310 PMB# 21
 New York
 NY 10006. Because the Company has had no business
 its activities will be limited
to keeping itself in good standing in the State of Nevada
 seeking out acquisitions
 reorganizations or mergers and preparing and
filing the appropriate reports with the SEC. These activities have consumed an insubstantial amount of management's time.




 we may become involved
in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties
and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. To the knowledge of management
no federal
 state or local governmental agency is presently contemplating any proceeding against the Company. No director
 executive
officer or affiliate of the Company or owner of record or beneficially of more than five percent of the Company's common stock
is a party adverse to the Company or has a material interest adverse to the Company in any proceeding.






    
    





ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASE OF EQUITY SECURITIES




Sheets
 under the symbol &ldquo;ORNC&rdquo;.


and low bid prices for our common stock as reported each quarterly period within the last seven years on the OTC Bulletin Board
and as obtained from investopedia.com. The high and low prices reflect inter-dealer prices
 without retail mark-up
 markdown or
commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions.



    
High
    Bid
Low
    Bid

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
High
    Bid
Low
    Bid

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



for shares of common stock of the Company. Although the Company&rsquo;s shares are quoted on the OTC Markets OTCQB
 the Company is aware
of only a few transactions that have taken place in the previous ten years. In any event
 no assurance can be given that any market
for the Company&rsquo;s common stock will develop or be maintained.




100
000
000 shares of common stock
 with a par value of $0.001 per share. As dictated by our Articles of Incorporation
 all shares
of common stock have equal rights and privileges with respect to (i) one non-cumulative vote for each share held of record on all
matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders&#894; (ii) to participate equally and to receive any and all such dividends as
may be declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefor&#894; and (iii) to participate pro rata in any
distribution of assets available for distribution upon liquidation of the Company. Stockholders of the Company have no pre-emptive
rights to acquire additional shares of common stock or any other securities. The common stock is not subject to redemption and
carries no subscription or conversion rights. All outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. The Articles
of Incorporation may only be amended by a majority vote of not less than 90% of the then issued and outstanding shares of the Company.
A quorum of outstanding shares for voting on an Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation shall not be met unless 95% or more
of the issued and outstanding shares are present at a properly called and noticed meeting of the Stockholders.


with or into another company in connection with which shares of our common stock are converted into or exchangeable for shares
of stock
 other securities or property (including cash) a general or special shareholder&rsquo;s meeting should be called for such purpose
wherein all shareholder&rsquo;s would be entitled to vote in person or by proxy. In the notice of such a shareholder&rsquo;s meeting and proxy
statement
 the Company will provide shareholders complete disclosure documentation concerning a potential acquisition of merger
candidate
 including financial information about the target and all material terms of the acquisition or merger transaction.


 there were
42
191
480 shares of common stock issued and outstanding.




stock
 authorized or issued.







    
    









to trade their shares in a particular state may be subject to various rules and regulations of that state. A number of states require
that an issuer&rsquo;s securities be registered in their state or appropriately exempted from registration before the securities are
permitted to trade in that state. Presently
 the Company has no plans to register its securities in any particular state. Further
most likely the Company&rsquo;s shares will be subject to the provisions of Section 15(g) and Rule 15g-9 of the Exchange Act
 commonly
referred to as the &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; rule. Section 15(g) sets forth certain requirements for transactions in penny stocks
and Rule 15g-9(d)(1) incorporates the definition of penny stock as that used in Rule 3a51-1 of the Exchange Act.


be any equity security that has a market price less than $5.00 per share
 subject to certain exceptions. Rule 3a51-1 provides that
any equity security is considered to be a penny stock unless that security is: registered and traded on a national securities exchange
meeting specified criteria set by the SEC; authorized for quotation on The NASDAQ Stock Market; issued by a registered investment
company; excluded from the definition on the basis of price (at least $5.00 per share) or the issuer&rsquo;s net tangible assets; or
exempted from the definition by the SEC. If the Company&rsquo;s shares are deemed to be a penny stock
 trading in the shares will be
subject to additional sales practice requirements on broker- dealers who sell penny stocks to persons other than established customers
and accredited investors
 generally persons with assets in excess of $1
000
000 or annual income exceeding $200
000
 or $300
000
together with their spouse.


broker-dealers must make a special suitability determination for the purchase of such securities and must have received the purchaser&rsquo;s
written consent to the transaction prior to the purchase. Additionally
 for any transaction involving a penny stock
 unless exempt
the rules require the delivery
 prior to the first transaction
 of a risk disclosure document relating to the penny stock market.
A broker- dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative
 and current
quotations for the securities. Finally
 monthly statements must be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stocks
held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. Consequently
 these rules may restrict the ability of
broker-dealers to trade and/or maintain a market in the Company&rsquo;s Common stock and may affect the ability of shareholders to sell
their shares.




common stock as of the date of this Report is approximately 18.




with respect to its common stock and does not intend to declared dividends in the foreseeable future. The future dividend policy
of the Company cannot be ascertained with any certainty
 and until the Company completes any acquisition
 reorganization or merger
as to which no assurance may be given
 no such policy will be formulated. There are no material restrictions limiting
 or that
are likely to limit
 the Company&rsquo;s ability to pay dividends on its common stock.

Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation
plans






securities we have sold during the period covered by this Report that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933
 as
amended
 is set forth below. Each such transaction was exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act by virtue
of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated by the SEC
 unless otherwise noted. Unless stated
otherwise: (i) the securities were offered and sold only to accredited investors; (ii) there was no general solicitation or general
advertising related to the offerings; (iii) each of the persons who received these unregistered securities had knowledge and experience
in financial and business matters which allowed them to evaluate the merits and risk of the receipt of these securities
 and that
they were knowledgeable about our operations and financial condition; (iv) no underwriter participated in
 nor did we pay any
commissions or fees to any underwriter in connection with the transactions; and
 (v) each certificate issued for these unregistered
securities contained a legend stating that the securities have not been registered under the Securities Act and setting forth
the restrictions on the transferability and the sale of the securities.


 a former
director and officer of the Company until December 26
 2017 on the following dates and in the following amounts
 on August 5
2016 in the amount of $10
000; on April 6
 2017 in the amount of $7
500; on April 27
 2017 in the amount of $10
000; and on November
2
 2017 in the amount of $9
500. All four notes were convertible into common stock at $0.001 per share.&nbsp; Claudio Gianascio
converted the four notes on November 9
 2017 and December 27
 2017 to 28
374
680 and 9
546
850 shares of common stock
 respectively.

Purchase of Equity Securities By
the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers.





    
    





 Inc. has been appointed as our Transfer
Agent and Registrar for our common stock. Continental&rsquo;s mailing address is 1981 Murray Holladay Road
 Suite 100 Salt Lake
City
 UT 84117 and their phone number is 801-272-9294.




by this Item because the Company is a smaller reporting company.

Item 7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis or Plan of
Operation.


discussion should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the related notes for the years ended December
31
 2017 and December 31
 2016 that appear elsewhere in this annual report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements
that reflect our plans
 estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking
statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include
 but are not limited to those discussed below and
elsewhere in this annual report
 particularly in the section entitled &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; of this annual report.


financial statements are stated in United States Dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting
Principles.




the next 12 months
 our only foreseeable cash requirements will relate to maintaining us in good standing or the payment of expenses
associated with reviewing or investigating any potential business venture
 which we expect to pay from its cash resources. As of
December 31
 2017
 it had $70 in cash. Management does not believe that these funds are sufficient to cover its cash needs for
the next 12 months. If additional funds are required during this period
 such funds may be advanced by management or stockholders
as loans to us. As of the date of this Report
 it is impossible to predict the amount of any such loan. As of the date of this
Report
 we do not currently have any definitive arrangements in place for the completion of any further financings and there is
no assurance that we will be successful in completing any further financings. If we are unable to achieve the necessary additional
financing
 then we plan to reduce the amounts that we spend on our business activities and administrative expenses in order to
be within the amount of capital resources that are available to us.


OF SIGNIFICANT EQUIPMENT


to purchase any significant equipment over the twelve months ending December 31
 2018.


AND DEVELOPMENT


not expended any funds on research and development since inception and we do not intend to allocate any funds to research and development
over the twelve months ending December 31
 2018.


OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2017 AND 2016.


following summary of our results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements for the year
ended December 31
 2017.

Interest
income
 for the year ended December 31
 2017 were $1 compared to $3 for the year ended December 31



had no other revenue.


 including interest
expense
 for the year ended December 31
 2017 were $30
288 compared to $28
155 for the year ended December 31
 2016. This represents
an increase of $2
133 or 7.6%
 which is mainly attributable to an increase in regulatory reporting and professional fees.


ended December 31
 2017 was $30
287 compared to a net loss of $28
152 for the year ended December 31
 2016. This loss represents
an increase of $2
135 or 7.6%. This increase in loss is mainly attributable to an increase in regulatory reporting and professional
fees.


AND FINANCIAL CONDITION WORKING CAPITAL




    
    
December&nbsp;31

    
December 31

    
(Decrease)

    
    
    
    

    
3
403
6
567
    

    
    
11
464
    

    
2
738
(4
897
    




    
    







    
    

    
December 31

December 31


    
    
    

    
(30
164
(23
558

    
    
    

    
27
000
10
000

    
(3
164
(13
558



cash in the amount of $70 as of December 31
3
234
as of December 31
2
738
as of December 31
4
897
as of December 31
 2016.


have suffered recurring losses from operations. The continuation of our company is dependent upon our company attaining and maintaining
profitable operations and raising additional capital as needed
 but there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise any
further financing.


FINANCINGS


will require additional funds to implement our growth strategy for our new business. These funds may be raised through equity financing
debt financing
 or other sources
 which may result in further dilution in the equity ownership of our shares.


be no assurance that additional financing will be available to us when needed or
 if available
 that it can be obtained on commercially
reasonable terms. If we are not able to obtain the additional financing on a timely basis should it be required
 or generate significant
material revenues from operations
 we will not be able to meet our other obligations as they become due and we will be forced to
scale down or perhaps even cease our operations.


OBLIGATIONS


reporting company&rdquo;
 we are not required to provide tabular disclosure obligations.




have suffered recurring losses from operations and are dependent on our ability to raise capital from stockholders or other sources
to meet our obligations and repay our liabilities arising from normal business operations when they become due. In their report
on our audited financial statements for the year ended December 31
 2017
 our independent auditors included an explanatory paragraph
regarding concerns about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements contain additional note disclosure
describing the circumstances that lead to this disclosure by our independent auditors.


SHEET ARRANGEMENTS


no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition
changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital resources
that is material to stockholders.


ACCOUNTING POLICIES


and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements
 which have
been prepared in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Preparing financial
statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenue
and expenses. These estimates and assumptions are affected by management&rsquo;s application of accounting policies. We believe that
understanding the basis and nature of the estimates and assumptions involved with the following aspects of our financial statements
is critical to an understanding of our financial statements.


PRESENTATION


statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America and are
presented in US dollars.


BASIS


the accrual basis of accounting and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;
accounting). We adopted a December 31 fiscal year end.



    
    



UNCERTAINTIES


operations are subject to significant risk and uncertainties including financial
 operational
 technological
 and regulatory risks
including the potential risk of business failure.


CASH EQUIVALENTS


cash equivalents include cash and all highly liquid instruments with original maturities of three months or less.


OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS


instruments consist of cash
 prepaid expenses
 accounts payable
 accrued professional fees
 and amount due to a related party.
The carrying amount of these financial instruments approximates fair value due to either length of maturity or interest rates that
approximate prevailing market rates unless otherwise disclosed in these financial statements.


OF CREDIT RISK


maintains its cash in bank deposit accounts
 the balances of which at times may exceed federally insured limits. Our company continually
monitors its banking relationships and consequently has not experienced any losses in such accounts. Our company believes it is
not exposed to any significant credit risk on cash and cash equivalents.


TAXES


taxes are computed using the asset and liability method. Under the asset and liability method
 deferred income tax assets and liabilities
are determined based on the differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured
using the currently enacted tax rates and laws. A valuation allowance is provided for the amount of deferred tax assets that
 based
on available evidence
 are not expected to be realized. It is our company&rsquo;s policy to classify interest and penalties on income
taxes as interest expense or penalties expense. As of December 31
 2017
 there have been no interest or penalties incurred on income
taxes.


ESTIMATES


of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date the
financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ
from those estimates.


RECOGNITION


yet to realize revenues from operations. Once our company has commenced operations
 it will recognize revenues when delivery of
goods or completion of services has occurred provided there is persuasive evidence of an agreement
 acceptance has been approved
by its customers
 the fee is fixed or determinable based on the completion of stated terms and conditions
 and collection of any
related receivable is probable.


(LOSS) PER SHARE


(loss) per share is calculated by dividing the Company&rsquo;s net loss applicable to common shareholders by the weighted average number
of common shares during the period. Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing the Company&rsquo;s net income available to
common shareholders by the diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year. The diluted weighted average
number of shares outstanding is the basic weighted number of shares adjusted for any potentially dilutive debt or equity.




adopted any policy regarding payment of dividends. No dividends have been paid during the periods shown.



    
    





opinion is that inflation has not had
 and is not expected to have
 a material effect on our operations.


ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS


does not expect the adoption of recently issued accounting pronouncements to have a significant impact on our results of operations
financial position or cash flows.

ITEM 7A.
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK


reporting company&rdquo;
 we are not required to provide the information required by this Item.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK


not required of a smaller reporting company.




 together with the report
of the independent registered public accounting firm thereon and the notes thereto
 are presented beginning at page F-1. The Company&rsquo;s
balance sheets as of December 31
 2016 and 2017 and the related statements of operations
 changes in stockholders&rsquo; deficit
and cash flows for the year ended 2017 were audited by Burnham &amp; Schumm
 P.C.
 an independent registered public accounting
firm. The Company&rsquo;s financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America.
 or US GAAP
 and pursuant to Regulation S-K as promulgated by the SEC. The financial statements have
been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern.

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.





Evaluation of disclosure controls
and procedures


of our management
 including our principal executive officer/principal financial officer
 we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure
controls and procedures
 as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934
 as amended (Exchange Act)
 as of December 16
 2016. Based on this evaluation
 our principal executive officer/principal
financial officers has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms and that our disclosure and controls are designed to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to our management
 including our principal executive and principal financial officers
 or persons performing similar functions
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

Management&rsquo;s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting


for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange
Act. The Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company&rsquo;s management
and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements in accordance with US
GAAP
 including those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company
 (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with US GAAP and that receipts and expenditures
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company
 and (iii) provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the company&rsquo;s assets that
could have a material effect on the financial statements.



    
    



effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Management&rsquo;s assessment included an evaluation of the
design of our internal control over financial reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting. Based on this evaluation
 Management concluded the Company maintained effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31
 2017.


 internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore
 even those systems determined to be effective
can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.

Attestation Report of Registered
Public Accounting Firm


include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm
 regarding internal controls over financial
reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting was not subject to such attestation as we are a smaller reporting company.




Company with the SEC on January 5
 2018
 the Company&rsquo;s president
 secretary
 treasurer and director
 Claudio Gianascio
 resigned
and on the same date
 the Company appointed Peng Yang to serve as president
 secretary
 treasurer and director. See&mdash;Item
1 Business
 for more details.


 there was no change in our internal
controls over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report
 which has materially affected
 or is
reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal controls over financial reporting






    
    




ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE




of all current directors and executive officers of the Company. These persons will serve until the next annual meeting of the stockholders
or until their successors are elected or appointed and qualified
 or their prior resignation or termination.



    
    
    
    
    
    
DATE
    ELECTED OR APPOINTED

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Director
 President
 Secretary
 and Treasurer
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

        
        
    

        

 President
 Secretary
 and Treasurer
    
Resigned&nbsp;
    01/05/2018



 President
 Secretary
and Treasurer on January 5
 2018 as a result of the Share Purchase.


 President
Secretary
 and Treasurer on  January 5
 2018 as a result of the Share Purchase.




 age 26
 has international business and management
experience from his positions working with Huaxin Wines
 a company engaged in wine trading and Sure Rich Investment (Group) Limited
an investment company. He has served as the general manager assistant and overseas affairs manager of Huaxin Wines since 2015 and
as limited director of Sure Rich Investment (Group) Limited since 2016. Mr. Yang holds a bachelors of engineering degree
 with
honors
 from the University of Auckland in New Zealand.




executive officers
 but who are expected to make a significant contribution to the Company&rsquo;s business.




any current directors or executive officers of the Company
 either by blood or by marriage.




securities exchange or in an inter-dealer quotation system which has requirements that directors be independent. No member of the
Company&rsquo;s board of directors qualifies as an independent director pursuant to the definition of &ldquo;independent director&rdquo;
under the Rules of NASDAQ
 Marketplace Rule 5605(a)(2). We do not have majority of independent directors.



    
    


Committees of the Company&rsquo;s
Board of Directors


 compensation
or audit committee. Rather
 our board of directors performs the functions of these committees. We do not believe it is necessary
for our board of directors to appoint such committees because the volume of matters that come before our board of directors for
consideration permits the directors to give sufficient time and attention to such matters to be involved in all decision making.
Additionally
 because our Common Stock is not listed for trading or quotation on a national securities exchange
 we are not required
to have such committees.




2017
 the Board of Directors did not meet on any occasion
 but rather transacted business by unanimous written consent.&nbsp;




that applies to the Company&rsquo;s principal executive officer
 principal financial officer
 principal accounting officer or controller
which was attached as Exhibit 99.1 to the March 29
 2004 10KSB for the period of 12/31/2003.




 during the past
five years
 no director
 person nominated to become a director
 executive officer
 promoter or control person of the Company:


or executive officer of any business against which any bankruptcy petition was filed
 either at the time of the bankruptcy or two
years prior to that time;


a criminal proceeding or named subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses);


any order
 judgment or decree
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
 permanently
or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business
 securities or banking
activities; or


court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action)
 the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal
or state securities or commodities law
 and the judgment has not been reversed
 suspended or vacated.




the Exchange Act. Hence
 compliance with Section 16(a) thereof by our officers and directors is not required.




has received any remuneration or compensation from the Company in the past three years
 nor has any member of the Company&rsquo;s management
been granted any option or stock appreciation right. Accordingly
 no tables relating to such items have been included within this
Item. None of our employees is subject to a written employment agreement nor has any officer received a cash salary since our founding.
The Company has no agreement or understanding
 express or implied
 with any director
 officer or principal stockholder
 or their
affiliates or associates
 regarding compensation in the form of salary
 bonuses
 stocks
 options
 warrants or any other form of
remuneration
 for services performed on behalf of the Company. Nor are there compensatory plans or arrangements
 including payments
to any officer in relation to resignation
 retirement
 or other termination of employment
 or any change in control of the Company
or a change in the officer&rsquo;s responsibilities following a change in control of the Company.&nbsp;



    
    





of the directors for their services.


for expenses incurred on our behalf. Our officers and directors will not receive any finder&rsquo;s fee as a result of their efforts
to implement the business plan outlined herein. However
 our officers and directors anticipate receiving&nbsp;benefits as beneficial
shareholders of our common stock.


 pension
profit sharing
 stock option or insurance programs or other similar programs for the benefit of our employees.

Termination of Employment and Change
of Control Arrangement


 2017
 as a result of the Share Purchase Mr.
Claudio Gianascio resigned as sole director
 president
 treasurer and secretary of the Company. Mr. Claudio Gianascio
 sole director
president
 treasurer and secretary of the Company appointed Mr. Peng Yang to serve as sole director
 president
 treasurer and secretary
of the Company
 with such appointment effective on January 5
 2018.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
AND MANAGEMENT




more than five percent of the Company&rsquo;s common stock as of the date of this Report
 with the computations being based upon 42
191
480
shares of common stock being outstanding on March 28
 2018
 unless otherwise noted.




of the Company&rsquo;s directors and executive officers as of the date of this Report:



    
Number
    of 
Percentage
    

    
    
    

    

 Suite 2310 PMB# 21
 New York
 NY 10006
38
121
530
    

    
    
    

    
200
000
    



191
480
shares outstanding.

121
530 shares of common stock
held in record by Million Success Business Limited
 100% controlled by Peng Yang.




 2017
 Million Success Business
Limited
 a British Virgin Islands corporation (&ldquo;Buyer&rdquo;) entered into a Share Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;Purchase
Agreement&rdquo;) with our then largest shareholder
 Mr. Claudio Gianascio
 who owned 90.4% of the total outstanding shares of
the Company (the &ldquo;Seller&rdquo;). Pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement
 the Seller sold to the Buyer all of his
shares of common stock of the Company
 par value $0.001 per share (the &ldquo;Common Stock&rdquo;)
 or 38
121
530 shares of the
Common Stock for $340
000 (such transaction
 the &ldquo;Share Purchase&rdquo;). The Share Purchase closed on December 29
 2017.


 there
was a change in our board and executive officers. Mr. Claudio Gianascio
 sole director
 President
 Treasurer and Secretary of the
Company appointed Mr. Peng Yang to serve as sole director
 President
 Treasurer and Secretary of the Company
 with such appointment
effective on January 5
 2018
 being ten days from the date the Information Statement on Schedule 14F-1 (the &ldquo;Schedule 14F-1&rdquo;)
reporting the change in control as a result of the Share Purchase was mailed to all the stockholders of the Company as of December
22
 2017. Mr. Gianascio resigned from all his positions with the Company effective on January 5
 2018.



    
    







a former director and officer of the Company until December 26
 2017 on the following dates and in the following amounts
 on August
5
 2016 in the amount of $10
000; on April 6
 2017 in the amount of $7
500; on April 27
 2017 in the amount of $10
000; and on
November 2
 2017 in the amount of $9
500. All four notes were convertible into common stock at $0.001 per share.




of interest and all corporate opportunities to the entire board of directors. Any transaction involving a conflict of interest
will be conducted on terms not less favorable than that which could be obtained from an unrelated third party.




serving on our board of directors

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES
AND SERVICES


fees that were billed for audit and other services provided by Burnham &amp; Schumm P.C. our independent accountant for the fiscal
year ended December 31
 2017 and 2016:



    
 December 31


    
    
    

    
5
950
5
950

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
6
100
6
100


: This category includes
the audit of our annual financial statements
 review of financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
 and
services that are normally provided by independent auditors in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or the engagement
for fiscal years. This category also includes advice on audit and accounting matters that arose during
 or as a result of
 the
audit or the review of interim financial statements.&nbsp;

: This category
consists of assurance and related services by our independent auditor that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit
or review of our financial statements and are not reported above under &ldquo;Audit Fees.&rdquo; The services for the fees disclosed
under this category include consultation regarding our correspondence with the SEC.&nbsp;

This category consists
of professional services rendered by our independent auditors for tax compliance and tax advice. The services for the fees disclosed
under this category include tax return preparation and technical tax advice.

: This category
consists of fees for other miscellaneous items such as travel and out-of-pocket expenses.




 we
do not have an independent audit committee and our entire board serves as the audit committee for all purposes relating to communication
with our auditors and responsibility for our audit. All engagements for audit services
 audit- related services and tax services
are approved in advance by our Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors has considered whether the provision of the services
described above for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2017
 is compatible with maintaining the auditor&rsquo;s independence.


be provided by our principal accountant to us shall require pre-approval by the Board of Directors. Further
 our auditor shall
not provide those services to us specifically prohibited by the SEC
 including bookkeeping or other services related to the accounting
records or financial statements of the audit client; financial information systems design and implementation; appraisal or valuation
services
 fairness opinion
 or contribution-in-kind reports; actuarial services; internal audit outsourcing services; management
functions; human resources; broker-dealer
 investment adviser
 or investment banking services; legal services and expert services
unrelated to the audit; and any other service that the Public Company Oversight Board determines
 by regulation
 is impermissible.


particular services
 our Board of Directors obtains an estimate for the service to be performed.&nbsp;&nbsp;All of the services
described above were approved by the Board of Directors in accordance with its procedure.



    
    








Exhibit
    Number
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Initial Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K&nbsp;&nbsp;exhibit 3.1 filed with the SEC on November 18
 1999) &nbsp;

    
    
    

    
    
Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K&nbsp;&nbsp;exhibit 3.2 filed with the SEC on November 18
 1999) &nbsp;

    
    
    

    
    
By-Laws (incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K&nbsp;&nbsp;exhibit 3.2 filed with the SEC on November 18
 1999)&#9; &nbsp;

    
    
    

    
    
2000 non-Qualified Key Man Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to our Form 10KSB exhibit 10.1 filed with the SEC on March 24
 2000) &nbsp;

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Option Certificate delivered in connection with the grant of individual options. (incorporated by reference to our Form 10KSB exhibit 10.2 filed with the SEC on March 24
 2000)

    
    
    

    
    
Share Purchase Agreement
 Dated December 26
 2017 between Million Success Business Limited and Claudio Gianascio (incorporated by reference to our SC 13D exhibit 99.1 filed with the SEC on January 8
 2018) &nbsp;

    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a)
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Principal
    Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a)
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
    Act of 2002



    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    by the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section
    906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

    
    
    

    
    
Certification by the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

    
    
    

    
    
Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to our Form 10KSB exhibit 99.1 filed with the SEC on March 29
 2004) &nbsp;

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
Instance Document-

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
Schema Document-

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
Calculation Linkbase Document- &nbsp;

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
Definition Linkbase Document-

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
Labels Linkbase Document-

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
Presentation Linkbase Document-




    

Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 or otherwise subject to liability of that section and shall not be incorporated by reference
into any filing or other document pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 except as shall be expressly set forth by
specific reference in such filing or document.






    
    





13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Company has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.



    
ORANCO
 INC.

    
    

Date: April 2
 2018
/S/ Peng
    Yang

    
    

    
President
 Secretary


    
Treasurer







Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Company and in the
capacities and on the dates indicated:



    
ORANCO
 INC.

    
    

Date: April 2
 2018
/S/ Peng
    Yang

    
    

    
President
 Secretary


    
Treasurer






    
    















 INC.








 2017 AND 2016
















    
    



 INC.





    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



    
    


REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM



 Inc.


sheets of Oranco
 Inc. (a Nevada corporation) as of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 and the related statements of operations
 stockholders&rsquo;
equity and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31
 2017. Oranco
 Inc.&rsquo;s management is responsible
for these financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.


the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The company
is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included
consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the
amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion.


 the financial statements
referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Oranco
 Inc. as of December 31
 2017 and
2016
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years in the two-year period ended December 31
 2017 in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As disclosed in Note 7 to the financial statements
 the
Company incurred a net loss of $30
287
 and $28
152
 respectively
 during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 and of December
31
 2017
 the Company&rsquo;s current assets exceeded its current liabilities by $2
738. These factors create an uncertainty as to the
Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon additional
capital contributions from the sale of stock and the ability to generate operating revenue. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.






    
    


 P.C.

 Utah

 2018


    
    


ORANCO
 INC.




 2017 AND 2016



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
3
234

    
3
333
3
333

    
    
    

    
3
403
6
567

    
    
    

    
3
403
6
567

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
1
300


 stockholder
    
    


 stockholder
    
10
000

    
    
11
464

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $.001 par value 100
000
000 shares authorized
 42
191
480 and 4
269
950 issued and outstanding
42
192
4
270

    
349
898
349
898

    
(389
352
(359
065

    
    
    

    
2
738
(4
897

    
    
    

    
3
403
6
567



of the financial statements.


    
    


ORANCO
 INC.


OPERATIONS


DECEMBER 31
 2017 AND 2016



    
Year
December&nbsp;31

Year
December&nbsp;31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Expenses
    general and administrative
29
530
27
991

    
    
    

    
(29
530
(27
991

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(30
287
(28
152

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(30
287
(28
152

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
9
041
089
4
269
950



of the financial statements.


    
    


ORANCO
 INC.




 2017 AND 2016



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2015
4
269
950
4
270
349
898
(330
913

    
    
    
    
    


 2016
    
    
    
(28
152

    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2016
4
269
950
4
270
349
898
(359
065

    
    
    
    
    


 2017 note payable and accrued interest converted into Common Stock
37
921
530
37
922
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 2017
    
    
    
(30
287

    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2017
42
191
480
42
192
349
898
(389
352



of the financial statements.


    
    


ORANCO
 INC.




 2017 and 2016



    
Year
December&nbsp;31

Year
December&nbsp;31


    
    
    

    
(30
287
(28
152

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
4
430

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(30
164
(23
558

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 related party
27
000
10
000

    
    
    

    
(3
164
(13
558


 beginning of period
3
234
16
792

    
    
    


 end of period
    
3
234

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


000
000 shares of common stock
37
000
    

    
    
    


000 shares of common stock
    
    



of the financial statements.


    
    


ORANCO
 INC.












incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on June 16
 1977. The Company has been in the business of the development of
mineral deposits. During 1983 all activities were abandoned and the Company has remained inactive since that time. The Company
has not commenced principal operations. The Company is looking to pursue business opportunities.





financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;) as promulgated
in the United States of America.






of the statement of cash flows
 the Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with a maturity of three months or
less to be cash or cash equivalents.






per share calculation is based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period.






of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect certain reported amounts and disclosures. Accordingly
 actual results could differ from those estimates.






entities to disclose the fair value of financial instruments
 both assets and liabilities recognized and not recognized on the
balance sheet
 for which it is practicable to estimate fair value. ASC 820-10 defines the fair value of a financial instrument
as the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties. As of December 31
 2017
and 2016
 the carrying value of certain financial instruments approximates fair value due to the

of such instruments.


    
    


Notes to Financial Statements
&ndash; 


Note Payable
 Stockholder


consist of the following at December 31
 2017 and 2016:



    
    
    
    

    

 interest is being charged at 4%
 the note is unsecured and is due August 5
 2017. The note principal and accrued interest was converted into common stock at $.001 per share. See note 5.
    
10
000







to acquire the Company's common stock.






 2017
 and 2016
the Company had net deferred tax assets of $132
380
 and $122
082
 respectively. Due to uncertainties surrounding the Company&rsquo;s
ability to generate future taxable income to realize these assets
 a full valuation has been established to offset the net deferred
tax asset.


consists of the following components at December 31
 2017 and 2016:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



taxes reported in the financial statements to taxes that would be obtained by applying regular rates to income before taxes:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
(10
298
(9
572

    
    
    
    

    
    
10
298
9
572

    
    
    
    



    
    





totaling $389
352 that may be offset against future federal income taxes. If not used
 the carry forwards will expire 20 years
after they are incurred.


of certain provisions of ASC 740
 Income Taxes
 the Company performed an analysis of its previous tax filings and determined that
there were no positions taken that it considered uncertain. Therefore
 there was no provision for uncertain tax positions for the
years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016. Future changes in uncertain tax positions are not expected to have an impact on the effective
tax rate due to the existence of the valuation allowance. The Company will continue to classify income tax penalties and interest
if any
 as part of interest and other expenses in its statements of operations. The Company has incurred no interest or penalties
as of December 31
 2017 and 2016.


of the Company for 2016
 2015 and 2014 are subject to examination by the IRS
 generally for three years after they were filed.


Note Payable and Accrued Interest Converted into Common
Stock



 2017 and December
18
 2017
 a stockholder and board member converted notes payable totaling $37
000 and accrued interest totaling $922 into common
shares at $.001 per share. A total of 37
921
530 common shares were issued.






financial statements
 the Company incurred a net loss of $30
287 during year ended December 31
 2017 and accumulated losses of
$389
352 since inception at June 15
 1977. The Company&rsquo;s current assets exceed its current liabilities by $2
738 at December
31
 2017. These factors create an uncertainty as to the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. The ability of
the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the success of raising additional capital through the issuance of
common stock and the ability to generate sufficient operating revenue. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.






has evaluated subsequent events through March 15
 2018 the date on which the financial statements were available to be issued.
















     





CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER PURSUANT TO
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002


 Peng Yang
 certify that:



    
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended&nbsp;December 31
 2017 of Oranco
 Inc.;

    
    

    
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

    
    
    

    
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;

    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    

    
    
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
    
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and

    
    
    

    
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors:

    
    

    
    
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and

    
    
    

    
    
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




Date: April 2
 2018
    
    

    
    

        

 Secretary and Treasurer
        
















     




CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
OFFICER PURSUANT TO
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002


 Peng Yang
 certify that:



    
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended&nbsp;December 31
 2017 of Oranco
 Inc.;

    
    

    
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

    
    
    

    
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;

    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    

    
    
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
    
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and

    
    
    

    
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors:

    
    

    
    
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and

    
    
    

    
    
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




Date: April 2
 2018
    
    

    
    

        

 Secretary and Treasurer
        












 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002



     








 Peng Yang
 certify
 pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 that:



    
    
The Annual Report on Form 10-K of&nbsp;Oranco
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) for the year ended December 31
 2017 (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and




    
    
The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.




Date: April 2
 2018
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

 Secretary and Treasurer
        



solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350
 chapter 63 of title
18
 United States Code) and is not being filed as part of a separate disclosure document.





























 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002



     








 Peng Yang
 certify
 pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 that:



    
    
The Annual Report on Form 10-K of&nbsp;Oranco
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) for the year ended December 31
 2017 (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and




    
    
The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.




Date: April 2
 2018
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

 Secretary and Treasurer
        



solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350
 chapter 63 of title
18
 United States Code) and is not being filed as part of a separate disclosure document.
















 March 30










2015-12-31












2015-12-31












2015-12-31












2015-12-31









2016-01-01


2016-12-31












2016-01-01


2016-12-31












2016-01-01


2016-12-31












2016-01-01


2016-12-31









2016-12-31












2016-12-31












2016-12-31












2016-12-31









2017-06-30












2017-12-18












2017-11-06


2017-12-18









2017-01-01


2017-12-31












2017-01-01


2017-12-31












2017-01-01


2017-12-31












2017-01-01


2017-12-31












2017-01-01


2017-12-31









2017-12-31












2017-12-31












2017-12-31












2017-12-31












2017-12-31









2018-03-28

































































































































 1977. The Company has been in the business of the development of mineral deposits. During 1983 all activities were abandoned and the Company has remained inactive since that time. The Company has not commenced principal operations. The Company is looking to pursue business opportunities.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 1in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: -1in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 100%; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; word-spacing: 0px; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in;&gt;b.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Basis of Presentation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 1in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (&amp;#8220;GAAP&amp;#8221;) as promulgated in the United States of America.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 1in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; word-spacing: 0px; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=text-align: justify; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; text-align: left;&gt;c.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Cash Flows&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 1in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;For purposes of the statement of cash flows
 the Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash or cash equivalents.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: center; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px;
 text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px;
 letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; word-spacing: 0px; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=text-align: justify; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; text-align: left;&gt;d.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Net Loss per Share&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 1in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;The net loss per share calculation is based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; word-spacing: 0px; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=text-align: justify; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; text-align: left;&gt;e.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 1in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts and disclosures. Accordingly
 actual results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 1in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: -1in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; word-spacing: 0px; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=text-align: justify; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; text-align: left;&gt;f.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 1in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;ASC 820-10 requires entities to disclose the fair value of financial instruments
 both assets and liabilities recognized and not recognized on the balance sheet
 for which it is practicable to estimate fair value. ASC 820-10 defines the fair value of a financial instrument as the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties. As of December 31
 2017 and 2016


 Stockholder&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;Stockholder note payable consist of the following at December 31
 2017 and 2016:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.125in; padding-bottom: 4pt; padding-left: 0.125in;&gt;Note payable to an individual also a stockholder and director of the Company
 interest is being charged at 4%
 the note is unsecured and is due August 5
 2017. The note principal and accrued interest was converted into common stock at $.001 per share. See note 5.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;--&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;10



 2017
 and 2016
 the Company had net deferred tax assets of $132
380
 and $122
082
 respectively. Due to uncertainties surrounding the Company&amp;#8217;s ability to generate future taxable income to realize these assets
 a full valuation has been established to offset the net deferred tax asset.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;The provision for income tax consists of the following components at December 31
 2017 and 2016:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;Current&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 9pt;&gt;Federal income taxes&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;--&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;--&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 9pt;&gt;State income taxes&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;--&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;--&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 9pt;&gt;Deferred&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;--&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;--&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;--&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black;
 border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;--&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align:
 left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: center; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;The following reconciles income taxes reported in the financial statements to taxes that would be obtained by applying regular rates to income before taxes:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;Expected tax benefits using regular rates&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 9pt;&gt;Regular rates&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;(10
298&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;(9
572&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 9pt;&gt;State minimum taxes&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;--&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;--&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 9pt;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;10
298&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;9
572&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;--&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;--&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;The Company has loss carry forwards totaling $389
352 that may be offset against future federal income taxes. If not used
 the carry forwards will expire 20 years after they are incurred.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px
 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2;
 widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;As a result of the implementation of certain provisions of ASC 740
 Income Taxes
 the Company performed an analysis of its previous tax filings and determined that there were no positions taken that it considered uncertain. Therefore
 there was no provision for uncertain tax positions for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016. Future changes in uncertain tax positions are not expected to have an impact on the effective tax rate due to the existence of the valuation allowance. The Company will continue to classify income tax penalties and interest
 if any
 as part of interest and other expenses in its statements of operations. The Company has incurred no interest or penalties as of December 31
 2017 and 2016.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;The federal income tax returns of the Company for 2016
 2015 and 2014 are subject to examination by the IRS


 2017 and December 18
 2017
 a stockholder and board member converted notes payable totaling $37
000 and accrued interest totaling $922 into common shares at $.001 per share. A total of 37
921


 the Company incurred a net loss of $30
287 during year ended December 31
 2017 and accumulated losses of $389
352 since inception at June 15
 1977. The Company&amp;#8217;s current assets exceed its current liabilities by $2
738 at December 31










 both assets and liabilities recognized and not recognized on the balance sheet
 for which it is practicable to estimate fair value. ASC 820-10 defines the fair value of a financial instrument as the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties. As of December 31
 2017 and 2016


 interest is being charged at 4%
 the note is unsecured and is due August 5
 2017. The note principal and accrued interest was converted into common stock at $.001 per share. See note 5.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;--&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;10



298&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right;&gt;(9
572&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 9pt;&gt;State minimum taxes&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;--&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;--&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left; padding-left: 9pt;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;10
298&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;9










































 March 30











































































































































































































 March 30

































































 March 30































































































 March 30

























































































































 $.001 par value 100
000
000 shares authorized
 42
191
480 and 4
269





































 Shares






 Shares

































































































 Value






 Shares


 2017 note payable and accrued interest converted into Common Stock





































































 Converted Instrument


000










 Converted Instrument













 Consolidation
 Basis of Presentation
















































































































 Interest Rate










 Convertible






 State and Local






























 State and Local Income Taxes





 Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance










































 Shares




















 March 30


































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2017
Mar. 28
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017



































































  2017






































































Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



191
480





































If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016













234





333


333





403


567





403


567














300



Interest payable
 stockholder






Note payable
 stockholder



000







464










Common stock
 $.001 par value 100
000
000 shares authorized
 42
191
480 and 4
269
950 issued and outstanding

192


270





898


898





352)


065)





738


897)





403


567




































Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties. For classified balance sheets
 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016









Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

191
480


269
950



Common stock
 shares outstanding

191
480


269
950

































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
















Expenses
 general and administrative

530


991





530)


991)


























287)


152)












287)


152)












041
089


269
950




































The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.






















































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)





















































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.





















































































Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Beginning Balance at Dec. 31
 2015



270


898


913)



Beginning Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2015



269
950









152)






152)



Ending Balance at Dec. 31
 2016

897)


270


898


065)



Ending Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2016



269
950







November 4 and December 18
 2017 note payable and accrued interest converted into Common Stock



922







November 4 and December 18
 2017 note payable and accrued interest converted into Common Stock
 shares



921
530









287)






287)



Ending Balance at Dec. 31
 2017

738


192


898


352)



Ending Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2017



191
480











The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.



















































































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











287)


152)





















430



















164)


558)

















Proceeds from note payable
 related party

000


000





164)


558)



Cash
 beginning of period

234


792



Cash
 end of period



234
























Notes payable converted into 37
000
000 shares of common stock

000





Accrued interest converted into 922
000 shares of common stock
































































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.

























































The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.

























































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in interest payable
 which represents the amount owed to note holders
 bond holders
 and other parties for interest earned on loans or credit extended to the reporting entity.

























































Amount of cash paid
 after deduction of cash paid for capitalized interest
 for interest. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The cash inflow from a long-term borrowing made from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















000
000





000










































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







The Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on June 16
For purposes of the statement of cash flows
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts and disclosures. Accordingly
ASC 820-10 requires entities to disclose the fair value of financial instruments
 both assets and liabilities recognized and not recognized on the balance sheet
 for which it is practicable to estimate fair value. ASC 820-10 defines the fair value of a financial instrument as the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties. As of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the carrying value of certain financial instruments approximates fair value due to the



































The entire disclosure for the general note to the financial statements for the reporting entity which may include
 descriptions of the basis of presentation
 business description
 significant accounting policies
 consolidations
 reclassifications
 new pronouncements not yet adopted and changes in accounting principles.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note Payable
 Stockholder


Dec. 31
 2017

Note Payable
 Stockholder [Abstract]




Note Payable
 Stockholder
Note Payable
Stockholder note payable consist of the following at December 31
Note payable to an individual also a stockholder and director of the Company
 interest is being charged at 4%
 the note is unsecured and is due August 5
10
000



































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017











































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







At December 31
 2017
 and 2016
 the Company had net deferred tax assets of $132
380
 and $122
082
 respectively. Due to uncertainties surrounding the Company&#8217;s ability to generate future taxable income to realize these assets
The provision for income tax consists of the following components at December 31
(10
(9
10
9
The Company has loss carry forwards totaling $389
352 that may be offset against future federal income taxes. If not used
As a result of the implementation of certain provisions of ASC 740
 Income Taxes
 the Company performed an analysis of its previous tax filings and determined that there were no positions taken that it considered uncertain. Therefore
 there was no provision for uncertain tax positions for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016. Future changes in uncertain tax positions are not expected to have an impact on the effective tax rate due to the existence of the valuation allowance. The Company will continue to classify income tax penalties and interest
 if any
 as part of interest and other expenses in its statements of operations. The Company has incurred no interest or penalties as of December 31
The federal income tax returns of the Company for 2016
 2015 and 2014 are subject to examination by the IRS
 generally for three years after they were filed.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







On November 4
 2017 and December 18
 2017
 a stockholder and board member converted notes payable totaling $37
000 and accrued interest totaling $922 into common shares at $.001 per share. A total of 37
921
530 common shares were issued.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







As shown in the accompanying financial statements
 the Company incurred a net loss of $30
287 during year ended December 31
 2017 and accumulated losses of $389
352 since inception at June 15
 1977. The Company&#8217;s current assets exceed its current liabilities by $2
738 at December 31
 2017. These factors create an uncertainty as to the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the success of raising additional capital through the issuance of common stock and the ability to generate sufficient operating revenue. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







Management has evaluated subsequent events through March 15
 2018 the date on which the financial statements were available to be issued.



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017












For purposes of the statement of cash flows
 the Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash or cash equivalents.









The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts and disclosures. Accordingly
 actual results could differ from those estimates.




ASC 820-10 requires entities to disclose the fair value of financial instruments
 both assets and liabilities recognized and not recognized on the balance sheet
 for which it is practicable to estimate fair value. ASC 820-10 defines the fair value of a financial instrument as the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties. As of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the carrying value of certain financial instruments approximates fair value due to the



































Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note Payable
 Stockholder (Tables)


Dec. 31
 2017

Note Payable
 Stockholder [Abstract]





Note payable to an individual also a stockholder and director of the Company
 interest is being charged at 4%
 the note is unsecured and is due August 5
10
000



































Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to short-term and long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017












(10
(9
10
9
572



































Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note Payable
 Stockholder (Details) - USD ($)
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016


Note Payable
 Stockholder [Abstract]






Note payable
 stockholder



000



































The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note Payable
 Stockholder (Details Textual) - Stockholder and director [Member]








Note Payable
 Stockholder (Textual)











  2017


































































































Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016






































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











298)


572)












298


572








































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











380


082





352





Operating loss carry forward
 description






































Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 without jurisdictional netting.




























Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }























000










921
530








































Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of a written promise to pay a note
 initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer
 which can be exchanged for a specified amount of one or more securities (typically common stock)
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.

























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of [accrued] interest payable on all forms of debt
 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











287)


152)





352)


065)





738


897)



































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.




































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    (  &%@DP?(\\#P    !



0;FP@R8;-OGYIH(?
MMWF\81AU8\K(XK%T-8943OTJDH\ Q:X831F:3LTXXFBD(3^ G/
6+V2?$9/
M-(X'PJ8%EQV^3O8:W7..7AKQ%/25V^9CGIYFHQ*/B76_..7+8\#?NW_+



!HC8?^H @.5^!1])6DX8)6
2%R)K:&F42:NK2&6_-@H^?J9UAU@V
MZ#%0!E$*8,TT,9Z&MH8K8((1)I^_V@7XES]$SMW@)V30W9+JN_[LJ_FW+B#

M^L/O*NP[Z_;N'QM?!)L:?MU%\P502P

!3+UES@6QHO(];JM-O=5H1I;*$81V1@?5XL:$#05%%:;U\@M.4?
M
_@5RU2-9:
!$U=!)KF(M/+Y;

M5
+$P&IG/U9KQ]'22(R7V4!;I)]J/3%0@R#3LZG5C.=GSVQ.V?C
K:=#1M






_Y/%_GM
T+
T.W


M4E5@
5O& RN0HGQ


MOT4SMA*7&+SCYL=Q3E.X$G:V#P(RN;LYJ7IE


G'G%$0%T10(C



U_HL@6V$5#)DU1?*0XG!/3-R0]A4)?.NVB8+
MA=OB5

)%K/]8UA[Y
M



0QY@%CS#*%F.-^'19H:
M




M4&$1\I$G 4 P+%&$F7(][)E T!FTJ4):J0GWL2 &3F*E *VRX-(RQ\XP&8


TXQ($VQAEH0[V=0!
-J


M]T70V4R#!3O7=65C*7?^A]02P,$%     @  863


2?@R\;W:'[2=B%:+CN_%#Z%_=@^]

51RB<[^+)=AK$E$K78
M:%NF\=)K$5=VTJ&X\]8-+RL:8W3]Y?JGUSSIIE'KL1:UK^KK3XLPR(
MF+'
MC[7^+L^?Q=A0&@9C]U_%2=1&;DG



MD3S2%*X(M]$BC*TBS'23*4)(
LP/T%ZB]@)Z77
M20$A

M



MP19APK2






7Q5M




ZJSM$#\LY0D2M5C[S_!&

.Y?(.X'26HEK97X&]\/%HW\
M3W7'$CM9XC5+M& 9),ELE\ ?GP7/6Y1W3(F3*5DSQ0NF9+53' ;;('Y8(KF$
MZ7:;_ 4H=0*E:Z!D 92^%<@E= 'AV9$P5]17(BY-*[T35_ITV3-0<:Y U_0W
MNERM;\4IH% I,WVGYV*X&X9 \6Z\]O!T]Q:_ 5!+ P04      !A8)
.E.1

M7R7*?8D/.:* !%15*[72:JMMKPT8B#:)4]O ]NUK.]ELL V](;'S_S/?#(GM




52O4[&69I&5TT7$&R;J7H(D$CHI(!1\S(%^&-7+LZ#;!QE5@
MY


YZV&NR__;&HWO4

7XDQ!#DA4WDF.4






MD-7-9-/^F#R?N=C)U%F=?B\QUS6&J;(;@@/D- [8[PP+S[Q8.[0QE%'WT*
MP ?G&'#] 5LY\.P90 '.[/Z(+H[/]L;TG37[O)+!LU#Z)#;GY4X(Q774^%['

FT/0UHT4.TLJ


LP2)^Y?+23NZ]KI07I5Z[

YRXTLBBZ2T?%G.J/.3OB]/X]^F=;OGF1;1RHXK?


S L QK!NA.

&/22QD


!

^
MQI$3B82:%8-;'8




R+!-V2.-#+\(AN$R2;.2:!(/E$D&P3[#8)=H%@]XE@]Z7(9
&C R8Y8*
MOVVE=%,IW5!*ORBE%TK?*;W4(:LG%*;T+P&E6J087!6WF4^;FEH@0_X-%R_



 &!!VV/BLV;0O5Q9/D



M6

M4?DVIT=**JAY+_V3&3[!5

,S'<=L-+SIIA_$YF]<_ 902P
$



U8T)2^.9Y$V_G@

+K5F81*SL8\!^-K



.D[RRKL
[%T6W^0??)KV[]RV0CMR-AY?
M-O:_





P'

+G-F81*KL8\!^-37=!#




V
=)WGC7@;WG\4U^A\_3_D785O:.7(W'EXW];XSQ



2YX;6Q]4]MN



MMK!44D/GI.F(A3JG=^GQM _Q



KXAV*=^B]%FEZR-@U$
TQIRF&



M4&^\6ZA62:1N$0()I%41]-F;3!*KO@3;V92_9^RD(4#@Q?:
YYPY
Q[GHW7/
MO@

C?M!:N!\G4'8L:$9?'8^R[4)TL#+O10M?('SMSPXMMK#4
M4H/QTAKBHGH?78\'6)\O@F8?2K
XF57*Q]CL;'NJ[* @45$R-RN\ !*
M12*4\7WFI$O*%R?7]G?I]JQEHOP\&#5DZQ#5] [2FIHQ*#HQT_P%S/+25S
M\9_@@K#HQ+


N-9SJZ1:(XY33%\';-$
M

7B+&SK0!  #2 P


_2N('U N7'JK
M3DFD7JMIDS;IU&GK9RYQ$E0(&9!+]^]G2)IF6[0O@(W?\[
QV6CLBVL!/'G5
MJG

M

&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#$U+GAM;'54;6^;,!#^*\@_H;.RPI*95

M)).D#YSOW]F?0NVNEA



P:%TE0D00AVQ$,,P6%TE1D10AVU$






M@R'-=@5(V415*[72*E739R\
8


JYP543?





@6+F



.;]V88QF)6^M7T !:]
M23&8$O?6CD=3-V#9.9.C3XDU9IR:PS=4?

M5X6:K. #G#4RDY1

7(.O@&]OMXULXB&TO#)0R&

GT0S3$)[NU9/[.$$6)<@0?9/B?2FQ!@FC8OD49$\0I#=
MB

M-$_3'96
*])4H78R3:6O3G %)Y/8JY3
_#J T%--








P$/T5
MRQ]0IVZ:7:HDTG81 @FD:A'P[:3B]:78+O-\O?83AI
2^U9W+FG#FNQ_FH
M]*OI QZ$UR: G?6#@=3-6!8&:C!I#N2Z.T8-:%NB5FT

/O9



M'Q791PCHG4@
LXN+9%&1+$*0WHE

#8$( @  ]04  !D   !X



5-ZV:IB9UYEK*K)$T+






M]Y@)@93ZE*PI3@&*WHP3W!:(\+ GB&T%A$:?C@K(K$+1%:!R A$,X'=XA36
MF,A?U+$)F=F(K39BBXW'A8TU9F5C$S*SD5AM)!8;7Q8VUIB5C4W(S,;.:F.W
MMI%XQMKS

M&1KB#\RKIA7.A4GUELV+*QF3H!QZ#^K:M6#IP6!4NKI3LWYT(F&A63=V&31
MU.FS_U!+ P04      !A8)

.G^ GR%_=CJL3&ED.#856-*SU.!P+_SE8;S.--X#?

M5U[V6
6D3_-0=:%_^A[!SCB,Y$OK/\*@Y_$]P;SW^$1



BD&(?2X2N

@=A+$AB^(HAF7;8S&!:@_D4K
*G

BTDF;ET]6:)N

4:JDT/CL09PE&4(4Z;-BQS5]O+

J
&AC48A[8) <A7NWBZ[$((]L0,*BT5:!FN, .&+-IHW?DV8X6UKB<OZN
M_MEE-UD.5

M:9E+
01R_+
7TRCT]\X^/#W)J@Q6GC
M(
7<R3T)H
*U$#R9S


MOJD*0 ?OG#7J$%9:MWN$5%$!IVHE6FC
EXN0G&H3RBM2K01:NB+.$
%X@SBM
MFS#/7.XD\TQTFM4-G&2@.LZI_'
$)OI#&(7WQ$M]K;1-H#QKZ15^@/[9GJ2)
MT
12UAP:58LFD' YA$_1_IA:O .\UMKV3ZP3LYO-G@:WD(L6T(&!3:



 D#UYV)$KB_]A)O4KI
M1Z4M7B@-F
U

MZT8%9Z'-JW!W]R*$!M

7AG'E1E.4\#@HNTV-7LY/-$AT*(=IP^:1F#^%U!+



M&L8?N(F=;N*%FS E

4+(H'*](







SUX_*

MD




M
1Z-!B/[KS#68V2:+


MZ1_6
-9.PZW9=AK:8];BJ(;.^BY2



X
:&WSEW70.X0&*_D6?4?[:U08=





#

M8I3I'+TI



CX_.Q+2\TJ().YA8R%G
M.#YW1T@-26WI6%'3D
W/$\'\-*759(D

/JCHZPI; @
M_]4YVB3A1]HD_P*(U1=Y2.&5'3(PUXQT
Q&R)5&\W'OZ$&J#$-1-)I$3
M



JUQN?=3WV K0.W A4
MHOL-J)T .NIPL:FC 0%XJ*\*5L+D6HTT6NV\A)\'?OW-)BVFR4QJP((=V F








)
!%004GRB($7Y#9IND



)=;F_FL<!



_3/8?HZJ0A [K\MZ7_EK
M3^P#'B;G9^(I?3X?G)Q.\-'JB1KQ?NI7%/5#X1B2E
*I/I-@)U=55ZXXF&)R
M.B1?0




/8JQ?KSZ&M!BF'0WG@X!G/5
S(J=0E
:14+_()5^]O

W-#&HM&%+^
H=V':BN1EU/IE4B69QS])@FE
[





M'GE]T/]?+[WU7I;[ZO4G_^M-][8[X6H#OC[B;].EKV^LWK&O/__4U-_6U&^\
12W;LL/

B27E=?TZ)JL DZ:F:Q!F$@A%2?:N*H,FEH!R1N;Q%DP#\-E
MP D5.(U%RV^Y;E F6Z$3?#ER.??R!P2_'#^_'
K]?4SY/]G+\[.PED8A@\7


MF-J$ ]H0EN ;PNA:49M5$$[9UL-SV22286TV2C+;)(\^C#D??LWO4\G JI


9DJ(

G)3
M*(PVH#3-=I$OBM0KZ/1PFKKB6


4IB%S^99%!?Z'O=(V]GC&B:-U2IJGHY58TS\'KL4T[


 0  K0\




AMH+^L-V79Y/1J\L^.

MK#0S7(.\U


WBBO-\[T

M_/0-4$L#!!0    (  &%@DRGG%7=@$  )X0   3    6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP
M97-=+GAM;,V8RV[
!!%?R7*MB+&;DL? C9MMRU2^P.N/2$6?LDV%/Z^3H!*
M1:E$!4BSB6//^
ZQ



M$P(   L              ( !     %]R96QS+RYR96QS4$L! A0#%     @
M 863&;SV    L0   !               ( !Z0   &1O8U!R;W!S+V%P




2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      !A8)
S1_]S
&UL4$L! A0#%     @  863/<BW!WS 0  AP4  !@              ( !



M965T-YX;6Q02P$% 

M='








M+W-H965T
3


4





M=#$X+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (  &%@DS'^W5OV0$  * $   9






RYX
M;6Q02P$% ,4      !A8)



M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (  &%@DPUI9^L. (  -L)   -              
M ?U-  !X;]S='EL97







?

MN@]S##_'MR:/&B0_/CY0+Z-/9[I^;



P&\ (_UZ<^]\;NG._A348#7S3O*1U';094]4-@Q<9(
$;


#V5C2MP9P4MNOFD$'][UQ-WUX*ZMWYTSXP[Z//JL:7?J_Y^O
M









[K3CNX_.0\T(
M562$J;T(L +L18Y7WXO


M0IFDWNO4S+
Q\]2;HYI=UK8/S[G+#
]Q=X-9-K -TQ/\JAAFVOVR8Y;A[
9K


MK[KZZY\N?GY]_*I[]
^??DX=-_!Q:3-K[?GC;?!PQ&CPG?9V^\TF\R$/

??\2C1Q36R(:3
MF6F/#\^9[8RXG=7MJE-*=7&0AG[QS
=^8L+I8?'5



C9GJ/ASS3!Z(\RZY

MPG@&C'SON$5)Z=L1M:!7$@U









MPR:LYI0JOES*2IM;R_)9/+/$5JEGF\^C:](.N&40%0Y]H4Z[=:!/+
@;ZEZ[
MDA=







MYP%1$* Y






$F@HYY@#

953;
M3G16.5@UEXG/

<ANKV9X2#;^SF ?(;8HQ-6N^!T.]XJ,J'O/[:;GC(,/
M@P=]Q_.<4?#LT7'-N*E\Y+CC(0QZ2EH2).=1_8D3:@K^)VM2\S^^\$* U'//
M99XQC =O/K+^%P[P([CPUOGFL'\M&ARP$&.RF-J2JR=$@Y
QK']]'O#L1PW








M^2


VWQRK@DE/P)#?#T'36_P/GZ.6



=WL$9.L0+006Z'TKOC $AC<

M  [


D BMX'20[$

60&'M/4]@F=Y)&[P&)T*

Z\Z




/&4HOS@IMP4SKR;,B(DE@O:6PRLCZ@ %V@)+\SJ&#B6
MY3RBF0$FSWR3Y'072/E5;9HJYG+)P&\?'L&G,F+C@7
._SKJ]&3RES(4I5]
M:GRY=\$(


;D'38


M&F$-%'SLR&.5CJV Q_&_PVM&X]R0?7++@KZ/YIOVD6I!*9R%W%4IF.IHEIQK
MKY[#N6O'='P@I@+LNZ7P'.K3 +F8%E
:1
WFIB@J#/LU&?-#I&M[8
MNCY1S
MM\.S/J4YKI[%=X6C'-PY_U!=J*2J(4: /'^ L9W'X_0OZ@)'! $
5:[L6N4[
M/+/+J=X-;SF$F


?B#

MP1)8TA'DVT&*ALQZ 6TCO5?A$9A@Q+0A7[RG2ES)&98&.5L(L9+;Y
#0 X

MU=LNCZO6;%A%]JK%*HKP;+MBGGL=AXX;K9@LFZ8H+&W;4Q4Y0&S3J
EM.X



TAG/*0IOV@=N7BFR$5\I$NH.XUD5T\P?%(71

[A/K@:RB+$OF)DHUAN/A5_7L:






Y63\5!V!3YP1UWLCC7. 'F&%Y9K9_+N%_Z@CL7)

ER4K90$!*)Z+5T, 9,\60(@T8
M:I-05B.)HH[QCMP8GB4UW6LI__QI4XUJ1 Q9*K)C'$%
A]$E2VFJB1*B:?.

9QJM C)R%!1CA
M@7



MO9-V)[


?&
ML-:F4&T*/7^)W),\-E/,TD3Q-&F2<US<( @^Q/?<7T1AB=HO46']OJO&UHN\
M63Q?# TQM02 H-$Q&N./00Z3ZGB#]0UAM+0 <W0D;K.E(O13MRRG*E4I8^


MZC5A8;[Q_%M(X_1








 SJ
M

MA:I)^$Y=




MA;G(WQW[/
F4KW/UPF#K)WDL&2I5P&F! W0M3^?7ZXE

M+K?U_(ISS-BL?O



Q
_3TVF0)\%/

%'






M3%UAQFB1P8^@KAD  J7NU'9'/FZ(


MDU0^7H(A'FK#(T2!BU:-W*5'?
JH7@Z4-&05=;UTB9F'$ANH9.2UO6TA
QH+


R.<*EO1.^B

Q.[:/


89S?

M.3T[P3T;R?:&TGGQG1I*.!&D5P



MP&KK*;9@=3IH5BNUHEEL9KAV

^0JOZH.;AKXB
]8':LIF1.1H*&FT -

M1_NLH&




MH



MNM
3B)L?Y'O+]5_9^
TLTI!@  .4,  !X   !C:6LP,# Q,#DX.3DV+3(P
M,3<Q,C,Q7V-A;YX;6S=7-USVC@0?[^9^Q]\]+7&&.ZN)=-<AT!RPPRY
*3M


FFN=UGNMW3(_:F;K

M6D@$;LK52TNE4+_I


=BGF';?;C!KG*U

(K;[=_NOC)7*E%KPG^HBQC=R6WY#K0X;V

NF;[^$*78&4'2
MKA


DRNE@NK1*B
($=DI<5G_?<\/<M( '&SAK


MXD.6FD\D9YU
9;CVL 3$-M5Q2O@W$&F)*Y-$S_8PP5PHNY80C=
R@
CCO!1\

##F40TGU!:^ #^0
7V
K ]52SUCM
M3N



M 



MX181$YA)/)CZB#\X3Z0]3TU

/-MV



8


F;BT1 OY2X_





A /
M)9UYT :&EKE.9)?&





Z%\*G7@Z-\JJFR01G*J3V!CN_VW$

MLPX1EY$-1.WTC!PQ&S+T5:5]%735#)+4U9%4QDQX@W ?Q?W$
WN.+ )F@Z
M)'W
Q=$C4]K;T%/9BFPB
SF)S(SN2'%E=-VBN=ZETIOR-^C8IU5UH(N='J+0


M1=8ND-7T4#-T\'T)+YM?F#L*
D=!YBC(' 69HR!S%&3^5Q0?!9E]3)?:!.
M*#0D7QO:S
\1



MT1\O$A)X3Q/TWDO\!W1\.$%'A]
W:'KX]OCH[?$)NGF/]O;81T(2_3'W4HQH



M.EMC2HT@[C:F6\H!^YK5^VD\D-L19)::_7Q%OU_I&?Z6X2C 0=$W1JFPEIPQ


MD)'LZ3):Q
F2&_#9/

M*K(D.(W7B8^-!D;
3[6+WOS+R[_^\O[ER8NC-[_^]7V7+C+G1_DQ_XZCO4\?



I2.]$TQ&/-_^DZ2=B7
M2.I[X7]C+SF/@C.Z/#

MM

 A4D2- X

2YXN2(@3(_/5S  ^M5P720*M34
D6CIEMY33

!&P(D*!PR5^HY

!%&^&BG8.&JG&:=$T44US
M


M_&J1 GFR!!B$J4#AHGG5G5

MXBQ50+-1D2744 94*DQM&YDW0/\[_3^[9P&'Z+4S5EP-':755N+&-NCS)9.I
M66XFAK+#


+L:J=H?(GC 3
M-

!(W.B%2.8V!)[9O
FP2N/!.??

M)-UM]6A1#336)'(
\?NBR

N*J95?P%H':17Q)N3D&0$IS2NX@GSAS@,J--E\57VU#4)J,T7
MVL(;#, NY$JD_/9MF?B_D!W:%EH65)POV$*;2V78HAK$$7NF


F[5#3.GA6O%E





Q


M)


MRF)TX]D_&-M?M&(G6IS\0OB;CW% M0H\(]1?-)$9LG):I^_M!RUYWFTN.;SS
M0O8:D&-7'+2$..?K'YD$X&&=W
9U3#(X=]*O0R*[F8\#:6V9@




*)%\ZB8!8L


ME![*FRH$JJ_ZBZ:YHDU0T=H!_VHD2'X_7^B3




M.W&?K;

F6


MNZRWMAP&Z

MN[A20R2]!@$8/HTA#GBPH0E)K:!##X_VU.UW3.X?Z(=GCW3M=(\_K)=SG%PO


%_MI]




M?NU5 X!P=7Z[.1P)%VBO(Q6N?HM2-$1%2Q?]C[8T&F5]P7V1&G=:#DD).H#E



7X




M=%1^()ZNVT8=BB#VU\S2\
H:KHU%6?)]9\+;7D90&=GVL8!6BYXDV$OQ&1;_


MFD*J9TA=
9(1V2Y






MI]77JU7(CRY[87%T^3):Q
F2[\H;'US79 =VAEU;W-IQ]A+E]C@[*A&#/9 X






M[#+G_OW&-@.










M=67W7!Q?D+GFFI1:H^%Q5ICLZ#'/,7_6--9/7]D=4:ZYCVE?*3G@H!Z^=V
MBJ9(M$5[Z

W)/X?Y5J*2V.)E=H

X.SEN

M9GK

M&?F5LIY^LXT=M


T(TNZ@-!^
62'LK%U3J_R[:@ 5?FR;N:-$P\CCCL9IA

M_B[R.QSA!6E7-O5&2X]/0;O2?L.DPON6'_O7]AAT\;XX^B'G^AQ]YHP==;7C











M+OY-7ZX[]@FG;B1U@9&!=^NO7MIG+72N)


M
5+4RJ!Y

MRM8V&RL/'DY K.S(0R

ML4I3G*6_%77:9V$8?_4B7_N$X@!? G_(M

Q

I'
MMJ%O$XTJ'.CMH7ZX


MI-;*M!6/+BC9%5D2D3%-KZ-/J?9BTX CE#



M3A_(Q:O?--^T1+QIH0\.A$*=I:'J&G%9 %]YZ80;DVR!&GLV]ZN%JN??ST]X

4E1/:[0[D=;^
;U'!*42) B03L1

?W:*1N-).JU




WPP']\1(C%[S\



?-[ _:!;W=7*Q0C[#LQ

M0MVDO.Y#$$*F&3*:CI80QQI1%IR NBD&\]W?AX'SYSSP7#H97/P541-28;*B


MCQ/&OPC.@L4B\&

MRCF=6T;3&^#63S'7#P+U)V+S1Z

MKLS.80B0MX70L@XZ8?



XZ=V'

RB \/W
M
:_IKZ_!!')

M\?T0A

M(-&^


M8@(5B)J/?^JU-B2P

M;MOQ!RO44




9CQQ!N_@

MFHQD/+1B;R[$MM)3UYOTA+'88
ZH@S(+L#QD4F@Y'O9[QRZ M%)&USOWA)_;

2
M[#=QEB-G/NFOU]6EH^DE\BD?B.XU H(J,APZY+5S&_51G1!9:G ?[&AH2R'


M?XOA$B#WXGD)?0)34FTS6UO*/534[LB.(

)R0REU]2T
M))C-14 LT.IY!!^.^C%9=L Y^0BT:R8R%1J;AOURM'8

W$;+?!3B4L?^N.FU''.)HV
H

\(W4Q$BRAV+\[A%#E(-CU7$X^'






WF%


9=EK5MDJT!N(+J_XBI^340$0-]R=[+E4FH+AM(&E


]X8P/2E'^[W0D*L\%:OD9$VN
PW]2BN=Q\DJUC/6I4^VU6PIF-
?)




M3





.:
QLEH*6+E+4LID1K^B$ PR:S*8W&XL)FTGR;

YV:KJE
OF54 ;5@L\Q_/S')T9==
UD5N$8W.Y/6UIHE


MR=]JJBUTU


*/.2P[%W7A:$;'*B4=PJ)#

\&W+HZT%H?4Y@#W@G1:WY(Y==3W0V0)\OBI$5QCD? )#;M::$96A

MRGT8'A_J%R6JX^GM2



M.TA:;&CZAI4:^MP 8


Q9A9K\2.!J]],P3TD/66\=(.IK8A!%U?SBHOX-J/2G?SP,</D\
M6/G12FO7)EG/ADT%E'Z_D_J 0H;LRG?1(W+IR*AXRIC;WO2QG0H%\=4J0F*9




F;


M)_NJ_/DQS2(3


0K21V2_PJ?X3U+W0:F#73O3


=DF



# P
3 Y.#DY-BTR
#$W
3(S
M
2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      !A8)
B F]FA0(  #11   &@
M@ '_(P  8VEK
# P
3 Y.#DY-BTR
#$W
3(S

MA8)
UX+2S2D&   Y0P  '@              @ %++   8VEK
# P
3 Y.#DY
M-BTR
#$W
3(S


# Q
#DX.3DV+3(P

C
Q7VQA8BYX;6Q02P$% ,4
M  !A8)
U_[#8H@3  #4/0$ '@              @ &Z5P  8VEK
# P
3 Y
K.#DY-BTR
#$W
3(S

end



