

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-21-008947
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		8
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20201231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20210415
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20210415
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000882800
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				752100622
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54584
		FILM NUMBER:		21829450
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		117 WEST 9TH STREET SUITE 316
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90015
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310-392-5606
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		117 WEST 9TH STREET SUITE 316
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90015
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERICAN EAGLE GROUP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940301








     







UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20429

FORM
10-K

[X]
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the fiscal year ended December 31
 2020



[&nbsp;&nbsp;]
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the transition period from __________ to __________

Commission
file number: 000-54584

PACIFIC
VENTURES GROUP
 INC.
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)



    
    
    

(State
    or other jurisdiction of
    
(I.R.S.
    Employer

incorporation
    or organization)
    
Identification
    No.)




117
    West 9th Street
 Suite 316
    
    

Los
    Angeles
 California
    
    

(Address
    of principal executive offices)
    
(Zip
    Code)


Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Securities

 $0.001 par value per share

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Yes
[&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act.

Yes
[&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 smaller reporting
company
 or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo;
&ldquo;smaller reporting company
&rdquo; and &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



Large
    accelerated filer
    
    
Accelerated
    filer
    

Non-accelerated
    filer
    
    
Smaller
    reporting company
    

    
Emerging
    growth company
    


If
an emerging growth company
 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management&rsquo;s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).

Yes
[&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant
 as of December 31
2020 was approximately $134
256. For the sole purpose of making this calculation
 the term &ldquo;non-affiliate&rdquo; has been
interpreted to exclude directors
 executive officers and holders of 10% or more of the registrant&rsquo;s common stock
 and the
value was calculated based the number of shares held as of December 31
 2020.

As
of December 31
 2020
 the registrant had outstanding 16
871
351 shares of common stock
 $0.4988 par value.






    
    




    
    
Page
    No.

    
    
    

    
    
    

Item
    1.
    
    

    
    
    

Item
    1A.
    
    

    
    
    

Item
    1B.
    
    

    
    
    

Item
    2.
    
    

    
    
    

Item
    3.
    
    

    
    
    

Item
    4.
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Item
    5.
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
    
    

Item
    6.
    
    

    
    
    

Item
    7.
    
    

    
    
    

Item
    7A.
    
    

    
    
    

Item
    8.
    
    

    
    
    

Item
    9.
    
    

    
    
    

Item
    9A.
    
    

    
    
    

Item
    9B.
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Item
    10.
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

    
    
    

Item
    11.
    
    

    
    
    

Item
    12.
    
    

    
    
    

Item
    13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

    
    
    

Item
    14.
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Item
    15.
Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    


Cautionary
Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (this &ldquo;Annual Report&rdquo;) contains forward-looking statements. The SEC encourages companies
to disclose forward-looking information so that investors can better understand a company&rsquo;s future prospects and make informed
investment decisions. This Annual Report and other written and oral statements that we make from time to time contain such forward-looking
statements that set out anticipated results based on management&rsquo;s plans and assumptions regarding future events or performance.
We have tried
 wherever possible
 to identify such statements by using words such as &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo;
&ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;will&rdquo;
and similar expressions in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance. In particular
 these include
statements relating to future actions
 future performance or results of current and anticipated sales efforts
 expenses
 the outcome
of contingencies
 such as legal proceedings
 and financial results.

We
caution that the factors described herein
 and other factors could cause our actual results of operations and financial condition
to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements we make and that investors should not place undue
reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Further
 any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such
statement is made
 and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after
the date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events or circumstances.
New factors emerge from time to time
 and it is not possible for us to predict all of such factors. Further
 we cannot assess
the impact of each such factor on our results of operations or the extent to which any factor
 or combination of factors
 may
cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements.

Use
of Market and Industry Data

This
Annual Report includes market and industry data that we have obtained from third-party sources
 including industry publications
as well as industry data prepared by our management on the basis of its knowledge of and experience in the industries in which
we operate (including our management&rsquo;s estimates and assumptions relating to such industries based on that knowledge). Management
has developed its knowledge of such industries through its experience and participation in these industries. While our management
believes the third-party sources referred to in this Annual Report are reliable
 neither we nor our management have independently
verified any of the data from such sources referred to in this Annual Report or ascertained the underlying economic assumptions
relied upon by such sources. Furthermore
 references in this Annual Report to any publications
 reports
 surveys or articles prepared
by third parties should not be construed as depicting the complete findings of the entire publication
 report
 survey or article.
The information in any such publication
 report
 survey or article is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report.

Forecasts
and other forward-looking information obtained from these sources involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based
on various factors
 including those discussed under &ldquo;Risk Factors
&rdquo; &ldquo;Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements
&rdquo; and &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&rdquo;
in this Annual Report.

Trademarks
Service Marks and Trade Names

This
Annual Report contains references to our trademarks
 service marks and trade names and to trademarks
 service marks and trade
names belonging to other entities. Solely for convenience
 trademarks
 service marks and trade names referred to in this Annual
Report
 including logos
 artwork and other visual displays
 symbols
but such references are not intended to indicate
 in any way
 that their respective owners will not assert
 to the fullest extent
under applicable law
 their rights thereto. We do not intend our use or display of other companies&rsquo; trade names
 service
marks or trademarks or any artists&rsquo; or other individuals&rsquo; names to imply a relationship with
 or endorsement or sponsorship
of us by
 any other companies or persons.


    
    


PART
I



ITEM
    1. 
    


Unless
the context requires otherwise or unless otherwise stated
 references to &ldquo;our Company
&rdquo; &ldquo;Pacific Ventures
&rdquo;
&ldquo;PACV
&rdquo; &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; &ldquo;our&rdquo; and similar references refer to Pacific Ventures Group
Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries.



During
2020
 the U.S. foodservice industry faced unprecedented challenges as the COVID-19 pandemic caused substantial disruption across
many of our customers&rsquo; operations and
 in some cases
 resulted in permanent closures of restaurants. As a company
 we took
several actions to increase liquidity
 conserve cash
 manage working capital
 and reduce expenses to align with the decrease in
demand.

We
also acted quickly to protect the health and safety of our communities by implementing new protocols and enhanced safety measures
to protect our frontline associates and customers
 many of whom are &ldquo;essential workers&rdquo; and unable to work remotely.
As we adapted to rapidly changing conditions
 we also increased our efforts to stay connected to our current customers and attract
new customer.

As
was widely reported in the media
 the U.S. meat industry experienced meat shortages due to massive outbreaks of COVID-19 and in
some cases large facilities were forced to close
 meat prices reached an all-time high due to the lack of product and increase
in demand. While many of our competitors chose to pass these increases in price to the customers
 The Companies Management made
a conscious decision to support our customers by lowering our margins in order to offset the increase in prices caused by the
pandemic. By lowering our margins during the second and third quarters we attracted many new customers and won the loyalty of
its current customer base.

The
Company was able to maintain the historical average of the prior year&rsquo;s revenues but did share the burden of the pandemic.

During
the onset of the pandemic Seaport&rsquo;s sales staff and management acted quickly to recover any lost revenue due to the massive
government mandated shutdown. Some of our largest customers were forced to stay closed for almost a year which include Petco Park
(home of the San Diego Padres)
 and the SoCal County Fairs. We acted quickly
 and attracted more business from Hospitals
 Nursing
Homes
 and Naval Bases just to name a few.

The
Company made concerted efforts to let our customers know that we appreciate their loyalty and continued support during these challenging
times.

Corporate
History

Pacific
Ventures was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on October 3
 1986
 under the name AOA Corporation. On November
12
 1991
 the Company changed its name to American Eagle Group
 Inc. On October 22
 2012
 the Company changed its name to Pacific
Ventures Group
 Inc.

The
current structure of Pacific Ventures resulted from a share exchange with Sn&ouml;bar Holdings
 Inc. (&ldquo;Sn&ouml;bar&rdquo;)
which was treated as a reverse merger for accounting purposes. On August 14
 2015
 Pacific Ventures and its stockholders entered
into a share exchange agreement (the &ldquo;Share Exchange Agreement&rdquo;) with Sn&ouml;bar Holdings
 Inc. (&ldquo;Sn&ouml;bar
Holdings&rdquo;)
 pursuant to which Pacific Ventures acquired 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings&rsquo;
Class A and Class B common stock in exchange for 22
500
000 restricted shares of Pacific Ventures&rsquo; common stock
 while simultaneously
issuing 2
500
000 shares of Pacific Ventures&rsquo; restricted common stock to certain other persons
 including for services provided
and to a former officer of the Company (the &ldquo;Share Exchange&rdquo;).As the result of the Share Exchange
 Sn&ouml;bar Holdings.
became Pacific Venture&rsquo;s wholly owned operating subsidiary and the business of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings became the Company&rsquo;s
sole business operations
 and Sn&ouml;bar Holdings&rsquo; majority owned subsidiary
 MAS Global Distributors
 Inc.
 a California
corporation (&ldquo;MGD&rdquo;)
 became indirect subsidiary of Pacific Ventures.


    
    


Prior
to the Share Exchange
 the Company operated as an insurance holding company and through its subsidiaries
 marketed and underwrote
specialized property and casualty coverage in the general aviation insurance marketplace. However
 in 1997
 after selling several
of its divisions
 the Company&rsquo;s remaining insurance operations were placed into receivership and the Company ceased operating
its insurance business.

Since
the Share Exchange represented a change in control of the Company and a change in business operations
 the business operations
changed to the Food and Beverage industry and the discussions of business operations accompanying this filing are that of Royalty
Foods Partner LLC
 DBA San Diego Farmers Outlet and Seaport Group Enterprises LLC
 DBA Seaport Meat Company.

Sn&ouml;bar
Holdings was formed under the laws of the State of Delaware on January 7
 2013. Sn&ouml;bar Holdings is the trustor and sole beneficiary
of Sn&ouml;bar Trust
 a California trust (&ldquo;Trust&rdquo;)
 which was formed in June 1
 2013. The current trustee that holds
legal title to the Trust is Azita Davidiyan. The Trust owns 100% of the shares of International Production Impex Corporation
a California corporation (&ldquo;IPIC&rdquo;)
 which was formed on August 2
 2001. IPIC is in the business of selling alcohol-infused
ice cream and ice-pops and holds all of the rights to the liquor licenses to sell such products and trade names &ldquo;Sn&ouml;Bar&rdquo;.
As such
 the Trust holds all ownership interest of IPIC and its liquor licenses
 permitting IPIC to sell its product to distributors
with all income
 expense
 gains and losses rolling up to the Trust
 of which Sn&ouml;bar Holdings is the sole beneficiary. Sn&ouml;bar
Holdings also owns 99.9% of the shares of MAS Global Distributors
 Inc.
 a California corporation (&ldquo;MGD&rdquo;).

The
Trust and IPIC are considered variable interest entities (&ldquo;VIEs&rdquo;) and Sn&ouml;bar Holdings is identified as the primary
beneficiary of the Trust and IPIC. Under the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) Accounting Standards Codification(&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;)
810
 Sn&ouml;bar Holdings performs ongoing reassessments of whether it is the primary beneficiary of a VIE. As the assessment
of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings&rsquo; management is that Sn&ouml;bar Holdings has the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most
significantly impact the VIE&rsquo;s activities (it is responsible for establishing and operating IPIC)
 and the obligation to
absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE and the right to receive benefits from the VIE that
could potentially be significant to the VIE&rsquo;s economic performance
 it was therefore concluded by management that Sn&ouml;bar
Holdings is the primary beneficiary of the Trust and IPIC. As such
 the Trust and IPIC were consolidated in the financial statements
of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings since the inception of the Trust
 in the case of the Trust
 and since the inception of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings
in the case of IPIC.

On
May 1
 2018
 Royalty Foods Partners
 LLC &ndash; a Florida Limited Liability Corporation and a subsidiary of Pacific Ventures
Group
 Inc. &ndash; completed an asset acquisition of San Diego Farmers Outlet
 Inc. (SDFO)
 a California Corporation. San Diego
Farmers Outlet was started in over thirty-five years ago to provide primarily restaurants customers in southern California&rsquo;s
three largest counties with quality food
 produce
 and dairy and does business under the names of Farmers Outlet and San Diego
Farmers Outlet.

On
August 20
 2019
 Seaport Group Enterprises
 LLC&mdash; a California Limited Liability Corporation was formed
 and it is a subsidiary
of Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc.

On
December 17
 2019
 Seaport Group Enterprise LLC
 completed the acquisition of the assets of PNC Inc. (the &ldquo;Seller&rdquo;)
DBA Seaport Meat Company. Pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement as Amended
 the purchase price is as follows:



    
    
$1
500
000
    payment made at closing 




    
    
$660
000
    inventory payment made at closing




    
    
$850
000
    note payable to the Seller




    
    
$1
900
000
    paid on March 17
 2020




    
    
A
    number of common shares of the Company equal to 2.5% of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company on the date of issuance
    to Seller with in fifteen (15) business days of the completion of the audit of the Company&rsquo;s financial statements
 including
    the assets acquired
 for the year ended December 31
 2019. 


The
assets acquired consist of assets and rights that belong to the Seaport Meat Company that are used in or pertain to the business
and all necessary to operating the business as its currently being operated.

Our
principal executive office is located at 117 West 9th Street
 Suite 316
 Los Angeles
 California. Our main telephone number is
(310) 392-5606.


    
    


Description
of Operations of Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc.



On
May 1
 2018
 Royalty Foods Partners
 LLC &ndash; a Florida Limited Liability Corporation and a subsidiary of Pacific Ventures
Group
 Inc. &ndash; completed an asset acquisition of San Diego Farmers Outlet
 Inc. (SDFO)
 a California Corporation. San Diego
Farmers Outlet was started in over thirty-five years ago to provide primarily restaurants customers in southern California&rsquo;s
three largest counties with quality food and produce and does business under the name of Farmers Outlet and San Diego Farmers
Outlet.

Farmers
Outlet provides a wide array of products to serve customers of all types. However
 they do have a niche in providing fresh produce
and food products. Farmers Outlet provides specialty produce that the larger distributors do not carry on a daily basis. Unlike
some larger distributors who make their customers receive products on a day and time convenient to the distributor
 Farmers Outlet
delivers daily and pays attention to what the customer wants. Farmers Outlet added products to meet the needs of Restaurants
Hotels
 Food Trucks
 and Caterers.

Since
the acquisition
 SDFO has increased sales of its wholesale business
 and still plan on expanding our current delivery territory
from 25 miles to a 40-mile radius. SDFO has obtained 2 new delivery trucks to add to the current fleet of trucks. The Company
has begun marketing to new restaurants in the area
 most notably Asian and Italian restaurants
 and have let restaurants know
that SDFO can deliver the finest produce in market.

SDFO
installed new signage around the retail market
 added additional landscaping to enhance the appearance of the market
 and purchased
a new Point of Sale system to improve efficiency and ordering processes.

The
Company will continue to evaluate its projected expenditures relative to its available cash and to seek additional means of financing
in order to satisfy the Company&rsquo;s working capital and other cash requirements.

Market
and Strategy

Unlike
some larger distributors who make their customers receive products on a day and time convenient to the distributor
 SDFO delivers
daily and pays attention to what the customer wants. Farmers Outlet added products to meet the needs of Restaurants
 Hotels
 Food
Trucks and Caterers. Free delivery was added to demonstrate that Farmers Outlet had customers interest first in mind.

Farmers
Outlet provides a wide array of products to serve customers of all types. However
 they do have a niche in providing fresh produce
and food products. Farmers Outlet provides specialty produce that the larger distributors do not carry on a daily basis.

Farmers
Outlet covers a large market area servicing Los Angeles
 Orange County and San Diego
 which we have estimated to be a $2.5 billion
addressable market. Farmers Outlet currently services the San Diego territory and has over 125 active customers
 and no customer
represents more than five percent of Farmers Outlet gross revenues.

The
company services customers in high
 middle and low-income communities with a specialty in providing food and fresh produce to
customers serving small to medium size restaurants of all nationalities
 including Chinese
 Korean
 Mexican
 American
 Japanese
and Thai.

Pacific
Ventures intends to expand its business through the acquisition of other food manufacturing and distribution companies that serve
the Los Angeles
 Orange County and San Diego area
 thereby combining and expanding upon a combined customer base with an expanding
range of products and services.

Pacific
Ventures is establishing a new production relationship with a wholesale frozen food co-packing company that can meet our volume
production and HAACP quality control requirements.


    
    


During
the 2019 fiscal year
 the Company completed an asset acquisition of PNC Inc
 DBA
 Seaport Meat Company
 a company with over thirty
(30) years in business servicing restaurant and retail
 and institutional customers in Southern California and Arizona. Seaport
Meat Company is a USDA meat processing plant that supplies quality meats
 seafood
 dry goods
 dairy and produce. Seaport Meat
Company is a food distribution and manufacturing facility in Spring Valley
 California and is HACCP-compliant and is a USDA Licensed
processing facility with on-site daily inspections. HACCP is a management system in which food safety is addressed through the
analysis and control of biological
 chemical
 and physical hazards from raw material production
 procurement and handling
 to
manufacturing
 distribution and consumption of the finished product. Having a USDA certified facility allows consumers to be confident
that the Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS)
 the public health agency in the USDA
 ensured that meat and poultry products
are safe
 wholesome
 and correctly labeled and packaged

The
Company&rsquo;s customers range from a wide variety of restaurants
 including many well known in Southern CA
 to institutions
schools (UCSD
 SDSU
 etc.) and re-distributors such as US Foods and Sysco as well as to local distributors. They supply wholesale
food and restaurant supplies to San Diego
 Los Angeles
 Orange and Riverside and offer same day service. In addition
 they have
clients in Arizona and Colorado that come to their facility to pick up their orders.

Because
Seaport Meat Company of America can efficiently add new product lines
 it is expected that this will expand the distribution of
Pacific Ventures&rsquo; San Diego Farmers Outlet and SnoBar product line
 thereby accelerating Pacific Ventures&rsquo; revenue
growth. We believe the combination of a distribution and product company is unique in the San Diego area and will position the
company for rapid growth.

Seaport
Meat Company manufactures and wholesales custom processed beef
 pork
 chicken
 lamb
 veal and seafood. In addition
 they are redistributors
of a wide variety of dry goods
 frozen foods
 disposables and janitorial products. Their sales
 distribution and finance processes
are very efficient and can be expanded to add new product lines
 including fresh produce and dairy.



IPIC
sells the Sn&ouml;Bar products under a number of trademarks
 brand names and trade names that are important to its continued success.
The Sn&ouml;Bar brand is fully trademarked within the United States. IPIC&rsquo;s business could be adversely affected by the
loss of any major brand or by material infringement of its intellectual property rights. The Sn&ouml;Bar products are also subject
to intellectual property risks because existing trademark laws offer only limited protection
 and the laws of some countries in
which the Sn&ouml;Bar products are or may be developed
 manufactured or sold may not fully protect the Sn&ouml;Bar products from
infringement by others.



As
of December 31
 2020
 Pacific Ventures comprised five (5) employees who managed the affairs of the parent corporation and the
operations of its subsidiaries. On an as needed basis
 the Company hires independent contractors to perform specific tasks related
to the Company&rsquo;s business interests. Seaport Group Enterprises LLC has 49 employees. Royalty Foods Partners LLC has 15 employees.



ITEM
    1A. 
RISK
    FACTORS


An
investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below and the
other information in this report before making a decision to invest in our common stock. If any of the following risks and uncertainties
develop into actual events
 our business
 results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. In those
cases
 the trading price of our common stock could decline
 and you may lose all or part of your investment.

Risks
Relating to Our Business and Industry


We
are seeking to market and advertise food and beverage products and may not be able to accomplish our goal.

A
key feature of our growth strategy is to engage in the marketing and advertising of food and beverage products. Doing so presents
significant challenges and subjects our business to significant risks. For example
 we face substantial competition in some areas
and do not have as extensive a history of operating in these areas as some of our competitors.


    
    


The
alcohol and dessert industries are highly competitive and if we are unable to compete successfully
 our business will be harmed.

The
alcoholic beverage industry and the dessert industry are extremely competitive. If we are unable to compete successfully against
current or future competitors in such industries
 our revenues
 margins and market share could be adversely affected
 any of which
could significantly harm our business
 operating results or financial condition.

Our
success depends on certain key personnel.

Our
performance to date has been and will continue to be largely dependent on the talents
 efforts and performance of our senior management
and key technical personnel. It is anticipated that our executive officers will enter into employment agreements. However
 while
it is customary to use employment agreements as a method of retaining the services of key personnel
 these agreements do not guarantee
us the continued services of such employees. In addition
 we have not entered into employment agreements with most of our key
personnel. The loss of our executive officers or our other key personnel
 particularly with little or no notice
 could cause delays
on projects and could have an adverse impact on our client and industry relationships
 our business
 operating results or financial
condition.

We
rely on highly skilled and qualified personnel
 and if we are unable to continue to attract and retain such qualified personnel
it will adversely affect our businesses.

Our
success depends to a significant extent on our ability to identify
 attract
 hire
 train and retain qualified creative
 technical
and managerial personnel. We expect competition for personnel with the specialized creative and technical skills needed to create
our products and provide our services will continue to intensify. We often hire individuals on a project-by-project basis
 and
individuals who work on one or more projects for us may not be available to work on future projects. If we have difficulty identifying
attracting
 hiring
 training and retaining such qualified personnel
 or incur significant costs in order to do so
 our business
and financial results could be negatively impacted.

We
are dependent on one customer for the majority of our Total Sales Revenue. 

Our
primary customer
 La Jolla
 is responsible for generating 42.05% of our Total Sales Revenue. The loss of La Jolla as a customer
or the reduction in La Jolla&rsquo;s current business operations would have a material adverse effect on us as we would not have
sufficient capital to continue operations for an extended period of time. We may be unsuccessful in our continuous efforts to
acquire new customers to further diversify the sources of our revenue.

Risks
associated with commodity price volatility and energy availability could adversely affect our business.

We
are exposed to risks associated with commodity price volatility arising from supply conditions
 geopolitical and economic variables
weather
 and other unpredictable external factors. We buy commodities such as fresh produce for the production
 packaging and
distribution of our products. Availability increases and volatility in the prices of these commodities
 as well as products sourced
from third parties and energy used in making
 distributing and transporting our products
 could increase the manufacturing and
distribution costs of our products. While in the past we have been able to mitigate the impact of these cost increases through
productivity improvements and pricing adjustments
 there is no assurance that we will be able to offset such cost increases in
the future.

We
rely on the performance of wholesale distributors and other marketing arrangements and could be adversely affected by consolidation
poor performance or other disruptions in our distribution channels and customers.

The
replacement
 poor performance or financial default of a major distributor or one of its major customers could adversely affect
our business. Industry consolidation could also adversely affect our margins and profitability. Though large customers can offer
efficiencies and unique opportunities
 they can also seek to make significant changes in their volume of purchases
 represent
a large number of competing products
 negotiate more favorable terms and seek price reductions
 which could negatively impact
our financial results.


    
    


We
are reliant on one key supplier who may fail to deliver our products according to schedules
 prices
 quality
 and volumes that
are acceptable to us. 

We
purchase the majority of our product and supplies from one key supplier who is responsible for supplying 25% of our Total Cost
of Sales of Product. This exposes us to multiple potential sources of product shortages. Unexpected changes in business conditions
materials pricing
 labor issues
 wars
 governmental changes
 tariffs
 natural disasters
 health epidemics such as the global COVID-19
pandemic
 and other factors beyond our supplier&rsquo;s control could adversely affect their operations or ability to remain solvent
and operational. Occurrence of any of these risks would disrupt our supply chain and delay or prevent our operations.

As
the scale of our operations increases
 our supplier may not be able to sustainably meet our timelines or our cost
 quality and
volume needs
 or may increase prices to do so
 potentially requiring us to replace them with other sources and possibly on less
favorable terms. Additionally
 we may be unsuccessful in our continuous efforts to negotiate with our existing supplier to obtain
cost reductions and avoid unfavorable changes to terms or to source less expensive suppliers. Any of these occurrences may harm
our business
 financial condition
 and operating results. We intend to enter into agreements with additional suppliers to meet
our supply needs as we pursue expansion of our operations. Any delay in entering into new supply agreements
 the failure of a
supplier to comply with its contractual obligations or being able to secure favorable terms likely will have a material adverse
effect on our prospects
 financial condition
 and operating results.

Our
operations may be adversely affected by failure to maintain or renegotiate distribution
 supply
 manufacturing or license agreements
on favorable terms.

We
have a number of distributions
 supply
 manufacturing and license agreements for our supplies and products. These agreements vary
depending on the particular supply and/or product but tend to be for a fixed number of years. There can be no assurance that we
will be able to renew these agreements on favorable terms or that these agreements will not be terminated. Termination of these
agreements or failure to renew these agreements on favorable terms could have a negative effect on our results of operations and
financial condition.

If
we are unable to effectively manage organizational productivity and global supply chain efficiency and flexibility
 then our business
could be adversely affected.

We
need to continually evaluate our organizational productivity and supply chains and assess opportunities to reduce costs. We must
also enhance quality
 speed and flexibility to meet changing and uncertain market conditions. Our success also depends in part
on refining our cost structure and supply chains so that we have flexibility and are able to respond to market pressures to protect
profitability and cash flow or ramp up quickly and effectively to meet demand. Failure to achieve the desired level of quality
capacity or cost reductions could adversely affect our financial results. Despite our efforts to control costs and increase efficiency
in our facilities
 increased competition could still cause us to realize lower operating margins and profitability.

Our
operating results may fluctuate significantly
 which may cause the market price of our common stock to decrease significantly.

Our
operating results may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors
 many of which are outside of our control. As a result of these
fluctuations
 financial planning and forecasting may be more difficult and comparisons of our operating results on a period-to-period
basis may not necessarily be meaningful. Accordingly
 you should not rely on our annual and quarterly results of operations as
any indication of future performance. Each of the risk factors described in this &ldquo;Risks Related to Our Business&rdquo; section
and the following factors
 may affect our operating results:



    
    
our
    ability to continue to attract clients for our services and products;

    
    
the
    amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures related to the maintenance and expansion of our businesses
    operations and infrastructure;

    
    
our
    focus on long-term goals over short-term results;

    
    
the
    results of our investments in high risk products;

    
    
general
    economic conditions and those economic conditions specific to our industries;

    
    
changes
    in business cycles that affect the markets in which we sell our products and services; and

    
    
geopolitical
    events such as war
 threat of war or terrorist actions.



    
    


In
response to these fluctuations
 the value of our common stock could decrease significantly in spite of our operating performance.
In addition
 our business
 and the alcoholic beverage business
 has historically been cyclical and seasonal in nature
 reflecting
overall economic conditions as well as client budgeting and buying patterns.

The
cyclicality and seasonality in our business could become more pronounced and may cause our operating results to fluctuate more
widely.

We
have a history of losses
 have generated limited revenue to date
 and may continue to suffer losses in the future.

We
have a history of losses and have generated limited revenue to date. We expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable
future. If we cannot become profitable
 our financial condition will deteriorate
 and we may be unable to achieve our business
objectives
 including without limitation
 having to cease operations due to a lack of capital.

Our
accountants have raised substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern.

As
noted in our consolidated financial statements
 we had an accumulated stockholders&rsquo; deficit of $16
063
780 and recurring
losses from operations as of December 31
 2020. Our net loss for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2020 was $5
861
821. We also
had a working capital deficit of approximately $4
589
002 as of December 31
 2020. We intend to fund operations through raising
additional capital through debt financing and/or equity issuances and increased lending activities which may be insufficient to
fund our capital expenditures
 working capital or other cash requirements for the year ending December 31
 2020. We are continuing
to seek additional funds to finance our immediate and long-term operations. The successful outcome of future financing activities
cannot be determined at this time and there is no assurance that if achieved
 we will have sufficient funds to execute our intended
business plan or generate positive operating results. These factors
 among others
 raise substantial doubt about our ability to
continue as a going concern. The audit report for the fiscal years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019 contain a paragraph that emphasizes
the substantial doubt as to our continuance as a going concern. This is a significant risk that we may not be able to remain operational
for an indefinite period of time.

We
will require substantial additional funding
 which may not be available to us on acceptable terms
 or at all
 and
 if not available
may require us to delay
 scale back or cease our marketing or product development activities and operations.

We
will require substantial additional capital in order to continue the marketing of our existing products and complete the development
of our contemplated products. Raising funds in the current economic climate may be difficult and additional funding may not be
available on acceptable terms
 or at all.

The
amount and timing of our future funding requirements
 both near- and long-term
 will depend on many factors
 including
 but not
limited to:



    
    
the
    number and characteristics of products that we pursue;

    
    
our
    potential need to expand operations
 including the hiring of additional employees;

    
    
the
    costs of licensing
 acquiring or investing in complimentary businesses
 products and technologies;

    
    
the
    effect of any competing technological or market developments;

    
    
the
    need to implement additional internal systems and infrastructure
 including financial and reporting systems;

    
    
obtaining
    market acceptance of our alcohol-infused popsicles and ice cream; and

    
    
the
    economic and other terms
 timing of and success of our co-branding
 licensing
 collaboration or marketing relationships into
    which we have entered or may enter in the future.


Some
of these factors are outside of our control. We will require an additional capital infusion in order to expand the marketing of
our alcohol-infused popsicles and ice cream to all 50 states. Such additional fundraising efforts may divert our management from
our day-to-day activities
 which may adversely affect our ability to develop and market our alcohol-infused products. In addition
we cannot guarantee that future financing will be available in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us
 if at all. If
we are unable to raise additional capital when required or on acceptable terms
 we may be required to significantly delay
 scale
back or discontinue the development or marketing of one or more of our products or product candidates or curtail our operations
which will have a Material Adverse Effect on our business
 operating results and prospects.


    
    


We
may sell additional equity or debt securities or enter into other arrangements to fund our operations
 which may result in dilution
to our stockholders and impose restrictions or limitations on our business.

We
may seek additional funding through a combination of equity offerings
 debt-financings
 or other third-party funding or other
collaborations
 strategic alliances or licensing arrangements. These financing activities may have an adverse impact on our stockholders&rsquo;
rights as well as our operations. For instance
 any debt financing may impose restrictive covenants on our operations or otherwise
adversely affect the holdings or the rights of our stockholders. In addition
 if we seek funds through arrangements with partners
these arrangements may require us to relinquish rights to some of our technologies
 products or product candidates or otherwise
agree to terms unfavorable to us.

All
or a portion of the PPP Loan may not be forgivable and our application for the PPP Loan could in the future be determined to have
been impermissible which could adversely impact our business and reputation.

On
May 20
 2020
 we obtained a loan (the &ldquo;Loan&rdquo;) in the aggregate amount of $395
000
 pursuant to the Paycheck Protection
Program (the &ldquo;PPP&rdquo;)
 established as part of the Coronavirus Aid
 Relief and Economic Security Act (the &ldquo;CARES
Act&rdquo;). Our application for the PPP Loan could in the future be determined to have been impermissible which could adversely
impact our business and reputation. Under the CARES Act
 we may be eligible to apply for forgiveness of all loan proceeds used
to pay payroll costs
 rent
 utilities and other qualifying expenses
 provided that we retain a certain number of employees and
maintain compensation within certain regulatory parameters of the PPP. However
 we cannot provide any assurance that we will be
eligible for loan forgiveness or that any amount of the PPP Loan will ultimately be forgiven.

In
applying for the PPP Loan
 we were required to certify
 among other things
 that the then current economic uncertainty made the
PPP Loan necessary to support our ongoing operations. We made these certifications in good faith after analyzing
 among other
things
 the requirements of the PPP loan
 our current business activity and our ability to access other sources of liquidity sufficient
to support our ongoing operations in a manner that would not be significantly detrimental to our business. We believe that we
satisfied all eligibility criteria for the PPP Loan
 and that our receipt of the PPP Loan was consistent with the broad objectives
of the PPP of the CARES Act. The certification regarding necessity described above did not at the time contain any objective criteria
and continues to be subject to interpretation. If
 despite our good-faith belief that we satisfied all eligibility requirements
for the PPP Loan
 we are later determined to have violated any of the laws or governmental regulations that apply to us in connection
with the PPP Loan
 or it is otherwise determined that we were ineligible to receive the PPP Loan
 we may be subject to civil
criminal and administrative penalties. Any violations or alleged violations may result in adverse publicity and damage to our
reputation
 a review or audit by the SBA or other government entity or claims under the False Claims Act. These events could consume
significant financial and management resources and could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
and financial condition.

Acquisitions
we pursue in our industry and related industries could result in operating difficulties
 dilution to our stockholders and other
consequences harmful to our business.

As
part of our growth strategy
 we may selectively pursue strategic acquisitions in our industry and related industries. We may not
be able to consummate such acquisitions
 which could adversely impact our growth. If we do consummate acquisitions
 integrating
an acquired company
 business or technology may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures
 including:



    
    
increased
    expenses due to transaction and integration costs;

    
    
potential
    liabilities of the acquired businesses;

    
    
potential
    adverse tax and accounting effects of the acquisitions;

    
    
diversion
    of capital and other resources from our existing businesses;

    
    
diversion
    of our management&rsquo;s attention during the acquisition process and any transition periods;

    
    
loss
    of key employees of the acquired businesses following the acquisition; and

    
    
inaccurate
    budgets and projected financial statements due to inaccurate valuation assessments of the acquired businesses.



    
    


Foreign
acquisitions also involve unique risks related to integration of operations across different cultures and languages
 currency
risks and the particular economic
 political and regulatory risks associated with specific countries.

Our
evaluations of potential acquisitions may not accurately assess the value or prospects of acquisition candidates
 and the anticipated
benefits from our future acquisitions may not materialize. In addition
 future acquisitions or dispositions could result in potentially
dilutive issuances of our equity securities
 including our common stock
 the incurrence of debt
 contingent liabilities or amortization
expenses
 or write-offs of goodwill
 any of which could harm our financial condition.

Interruption
or failure of our information technology systems could impair our ability to effectively and timely provide our services and products
which could damage our reputation and have an adverse impact on our operating results.

Our
systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes
 hurricanes
 terrorist attacks
 floods
 fires
 power loss
 telecommunications
failures
 computer viruses or other attempts to harm our systems
 and similar events. Our facilities are located in areas with
a high risk of major earthquakes and are also subject to break-ins
 sabotage and intentional acts of vandalism. Some of our systems
are not fully redundant
 and our disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. The occurrence of a natural
disaster or other unanticipated problems at our California facility or California manufacturing facility
 could result in lengthy
interruptions in our projects and our ability to deliver services. An error or defect in the software
 a failure in the hardware
a failure of our backup facilities could delay our delivery of products and services and could result in significantly increased
production costs
 hinder our ability to retain and attract clients and damage our brand if clients believe we are unreliable.
Given our reliance on our industry relationships
 it could also result in a decrease in our revenues and otherwise adversely affect
our business and operating results.

We
cannot predict the effect that rapid changes in consumer taste may have on our business or industry.

The
alcoholic beverage and dessert industries are rapidly evolving
 primarily due to changing consumer preferences and technological
developments. The rapid growth of technology and shifting consumer tastes prevent us from being able to accurately predict the
overall effect that changing consumer preferences may have on our potential revenue and profitability. If we are unable to develop
and effectively market new products that adequately or competitively address the needs of these changing consumer preferences
it could have an adverse effect on our business and growth prospects.

Changes
in regulatory standards could adversely affect our business.

Our
business is subject to extensive domestic and international regulatory requirements regarding distribution
 production
 labeling
and marketing. Changes to regulation of the alcohol industry could include increased limitations on advertising and promotional
activities or other non-tariff measures that could adversely impact our business. In addition
 we face government regulations
pertaining to the health and safety of our employees and our consumers as well as regulations addressing the impact of our business
on the environment
 domestically as well as internationally. Compliance with these health
 safety and environmental regulations
may require us to alter our manufacturing processes and our sourcing. Such actions could adversely impact our results of operations
cash flows and financial condition
 and our inability to effectively and timely comply with such regulations could adversely impact
our competitive position.

Changes
in excise taxes
 incentives and customs duties related to products containing alcohol could adversely affect our business.

Products
containing alcohol are subject to excise taxation in many markets at the federal
 state and/or local level. Any increase in federal
state or local excise taxes could have an adverse effect on our business by increasing prices and reducing demand
 particularly
if excise tax levels increase substantially relative to those for beer and wine. In addition
 products containing alcohol are
the subject of customs duties in many countries around the world. An unanticipated increase in customs duties in the markets where
we may sell our products could also adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows.


    
    


Our
insurance policies are expensive and only protect us from some business risks
 which will leave us exposed to significant uninsured
liabilities.

We
do not carry insurance for all categories of risk that our business may encounter. Some of the policies that we generally maintain
include general liability
 automobile and property insurance. We do not know
 however
 if we will be able to maintain insurance
with adequate levels of coverage. In addition
 we do not know if we will be able to obtain and maintain coverage for the business
in which we engage. No assurance can be given that an insurance carrier will not seek to cancel or deny coverage after a claim
has occurred. Any significant uninsured liability may require us to pay substantial amounts
 which would adversely affect our
business
 financial condition and business results.

We
face potential product liability and
 if successful claims are brought against us
 we may incur substantial liability costs. If
the use of our products harm&rsquo;s customers or third parties or is perceived to harm such persons even when such harm is unrelated
to our products
 our regulatory approvals could be revoked or otherwise negatively impacted
 and we could be subject to costly
and damaging product liability claims.

The
sale and use of our products expose us to the risks of product liability claims. Product liability claims may be brought against
us by consumers or other third parties. In addition
 there is a risk that the use of our products could cause our customers to
have an adverse health event. If we cannot successfully defend our product liability claims
 we could incur substantial liability
and costs. In addition
 regardless of merit or eventual outcome
 product liability claims may result in: impairment of our business
reputation; costs due to related litigation; distraction of management&rsquo;s attention from our primary business; substantial
monetary awards to customers or other claimants; the inability to commercialize our products; and/or decreased demand for our
products.

We
believe our product liability insurance coverage as supplemented by our umbrella insurance policy is sufficient in light of our
current financial condition; however
 we may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in sufficient
amounts to protect us against losses due to liability.

Our
business is subject to the risks of earthquakes
 fires
 floods
 power outages and other catastrophic events
 and to interruption
by manmade problems such as terrorism. A disruption at our production facility could adversely impact our results of operations
cash flows and financial condition.

A
significant natural disaster
 such as an earthquake
 fire or a flood or a significant power outage could have a material adverse
impact on our business
 financial condition or operating results. If there were a catastrophic failure at our major production
facility
 our business would be adversely affected. The loss of a substantial amount of inventory &ndash; through fire
 other
natural or man-made disaster
 contamination
 or otherwise &ndash; could result in a significant reduction in supply of the affected
product or products. Similarly
 if we experienced a disruption in the supply of our products
 our business could suffer. A consequence
of any of these supply disruptions could be our inability to meet consumer demand for the affected products for a period of time.
In addition
 there can be no assurance that insurance proceeds would cover the replacement value of our products or other assets
if they were to be lost. In addition
 if a catastrophe such as an earthquake
 fire
 flood or power loss should affect one of the
third parties on which we rely
 our business prospects could be harmed. Moreover
 acts of terrorism could cause disruptions in
our business or the business of our third-party service providers
 partners
 customers or the economy as a whole.

Others
may assert intellectual property infringement claims against us.

We
use alcohol products from other companies in the making of our alcohol infused frozen desserts. Infringement or misappropriation
claims (or claims for indemnification resulting from such claims) against us may be asserted or prosecuted
 regardless of their
merit
 and any such assertions or prosecutions may adversely affect our business and/or our operating results. Irrespective of
the validity or the successful assertion of such claims
 we would incur significant costs and diversion of resources relating
to the defense of such claims
 which could have an adverse effect on our business and/or our operating results.


    
    


The
inability to successfully manage the growth of our business may have an adverse effect on our operating results.

We
expect to experience growth in the number of employees and the scope of our operations. Such growth will result in increased responsibilities
for our management. If our management is unable to successfully manage expenses in a manner that allows us to both improve operations
and at the same time pursue potential market opportunities
 the growth of our business could be adversely impacted
 which may
in turn
 negatively affect our operating results or financial condition. In addition
 we believe that a critical contributor to
our success has been our creative culture. As we attempt to grow
 we may find it difficult to maintain important aspects of our
corporate culture
 which could negatively affect our future success.

We
operate in a highly regulated area.

The
alcohol industry is highly regulated on the national and state levels. These regulations are highly complex and
 at times
 may
even be contradictory. Our failure to comply with these overlapping regulatory structures could materially adversely affect our
business
 financial condition and results of operation.

Changes
in U.S.
 regional or global economic conditions could adversely affect our profitability.

A
decline in economic conditions in the United States or in other regions of the world could lead to a decrease in discretionary
consumer spending
 which in turn could adversely affect all businesses. In addition
 an increase in price levels generally
 or
in product availability a global change in the economy could affect our business.

Current
global economic challenges may continue
 and a recovery may be slow or reverse
 adversely impacting our results of operations
cash flows and financial condition.

Stable
economic conditions globally
 including strong employment
 consumer confidence and credit availability
 are important not only
to the basic health of our consumer markets
 but also to our own financial condition. There are presently significant challenges
in the global economy
 including high unemployment rates
 low consumer confidence
 record budget deficits and levels of government
debt
 and fragile credit and housing markets. In addition
 instability in the COVID environment in ALL parts of the world and
other disruptions
 may continue to put pressure on global economic conditions. As a result
 consumers&rsquo; increased price consciousness
may endure
 which may affect consumers&rsquo; willingness to pay for premium brands as well as the overall level of consumption
of products particularly in bars
 restaurants
 nightclubs and other public environments. Furthermore
 our suppliers and customers
could experience cash flow problems
 increased costs or reduced availability of financing
 credit defaults
 and other financial
hardships. These factors may increase our bad debt expense
 cause us to reduce the levels of unsecured credit that we may provide
to customers and otherwise adversely impact our results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition. A prolonged global
economic stagnation may impact our access to capital markets
 result in increased interest rates on debt that we may take on to
expand operations
 and weaken operating cash flow and liquidity. Decreased cash flow and liquidity could potentially impact our
ability to finance operations.

Demand
for our products may be adversely affected by many factors
 including changes in consumer preferences and trends.

Consumer
preferences may shift due to a variety of factors including changes in demographic and social trends
 public health initiatives
product innovations
 changes in travel
 vacation or leisure activity patterns and a downturn in economic conditions
 which may
reduce consumers&rsquo; willingness to our products or cause a shift in consumer preferences toward alternatives. In addition
concerns about health issues relating to a dietary effect
 regulatory action or any litigation against companies in the industry
may have an adverse effect on our business. Our success depends in part on fulfilling available opportunities to meet consumer
needs and anticipating changes in consumer preferences with successful new products and product innovations. While we devote significant
focus to the development of new products
 we may not be successful in their development or these new products may not be commercially
successful. In addition
 global economic conditions or market trends could cause consumer preferences to trend away from our products
and look for alternatives
 which may also adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows.


    
    


We
face substantial competition in our industry and many factors may prevent us from competing successfully.

We
compete on the basis of product taste and quality
 brand image
 price
 service and ability to innovate in response to consumer
preferences. It is possible that our competitors may either respond to industry conditions or consumer trends more rapidly or
effectively or resort to price competition to sustain market share
 both of which could adversely affect our sales and profitability.

Future
tax law changes and/or interpretation of existing tax laws may adversely affect our effective income tax rate and the resolution
of unrecognized tax benefits.

We
are subject to income taxation in the U.S. It is possible that future income tax legislation may be enacted that could have a
material impact on our income tax provision. We believe that our tax estimates are reasonable and appropriate
 however
 there
are inherent uncertainties in these estimates. As a result
 the ultimate outcome from any potential audit could be materially
different from amounts reflected in our income tax provisions and accruals. Future settlements of income tax audits may have a
material effect on earnings between the period of initial recognition of tax estimates in the financial statements and the timing
of ultimate tax audit settlement.

Some
provisions of our charter documents and Delaware law may have anti-takeover effects that could discourage an acquisition of us
by others
 even if an acquisition would be beneficial to our stockholders.

Provisions
in our charter documents
 as well as provisions of Delaware law
 could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire us
even if doing so would benefit our stockholders.

Potential
liabilities and costs from litigation and other legal proceedings could adversely affect our business.

From
time to time we may be subject to various lawsuits
 claims
 disputes and investigations in the normal conduct of our operations.
These include
 but are not limited to
 commercial disputes
 including purported class actions
 employment claims
 actions by tax
and customs authorities
 and environmental matters. Some of these legal proceedings may include claims for substantial or unspecified
damages. It is possible that some of the actions could be decided unfavorably and could adversely affect our results of operations
cash flows or financial condition. In addition
 because litigation and other legal proceedings can be costly to defend
 even actions
that are ultimately decided in our favor could have a negative impact on our results of operations and cash flows.

Historical
financial statements may not be reflective of our future results of operations
 cash flows
 and financial condition.

Although
we believe that you have been provided access to all material information necessary to make an informed assessment of our assets
and liabilities
 financial position
 profits and losses and prospects
 historical financial statements do not represent what our
results of operations
 cash flows
 or financial position will be in the future.

We
are unable to predict the impact of COVID-19 on our company.

We
supply food products to retail and institutional customers. Due to the various &ldquo;stay at home&rdquo; orders precipitated
by the spread of COVID-19 in California and specifically in Southern California
 where our customers are located
 we expect a
significant decline in sales as many of these clients are not currently in operation as result of such orders. It is impossible
for us to predict the effect this will have on our long-term operations as the duration of the &ldquo;stay at home&rdquo; orders
are unknown.

Statements
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-K (this &ldquo;Annual Report&rdquo;) which are not historical in nature are &ldquo;forward-looking
statements&rdquo; within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements often include words such as &ldquo;believe
&rdquo;
&ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;outlook
&rdquo;
&ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;target
&rdquo; &ldquo;seek
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;would
&rdquo;
&ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;could
&rdquo; &ldquo;forecast
&rdquo; &ldquo;mission
&rdquo; &ldquo;strive
&rdquo; &ldquo;more
&rdquo;
&ldquo;goal
&rdquo; or similar expressions and are based upon various assumptions and our experience in the industry
 as well
as historical trends
 current conditions
 and expected future developments. However
 you should understand that these statements
are not guarantees of performance or results
 and there are a number of risks
 uncertainties and other important factors that
could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements
 including
 among others:



    
    
any
    declines in the consumption of food prepared away from home;




    
    





    
    
the
    extent and duration of the negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on us;

    
    
cost
    inflation/deflation and commodity volatility;

    
    
    

    
    
reliance
    on third-party suppliers and interruption of product supply or increases in product costs;

    
    
changes
    in our relationships with customers and group purchasing organizations;

    
    
our
    ability to increase or maintain the highest margin portions of our business;

    
    
effective
    integration of acquired businesses;

    
    
achievement
    of expected benefits from cost savings initiatives;

    
    
increases
    in fuel costs;

    
    
economic
    factors affecting consumer confidence and discretionary spending;

    
    
changes
    in consumer eating habits;

    
    
reputation
    in the industry;

    
    
labor
    relations and costs and continued access to qualified and diverse labor;

    
    
cost
    and pricing structures;

    
    
changes
    in tax laws and regulations and resolution of tax disputes;

    
    
environmental
    health and safety and other government regulation
 including actions taken by national
 state and local governments to contain
    the COVID-19 pandemic
 such as travel restrictions or bans
 social distancing requirements
 and required closures of non-essential
    businesses;

    
    
product
    recalls and product liability claims;

    
    
adverse
    judgments or settlements resulting from litigation;

    
    
disruption
    of existing technologies and implementation of new technologies;

    
    
cybersecurity
    incidents and other technology disruptions;

    
    
management
    of retirement benefits and pension obligations;

    
    
extreme
    weather conditions
 natural disasters and other catastrophic events
 including pandemics and the rapid spread of contagious
    illnesses;

    
    
risks
    associated with intellectual property
 including potential infringement;

    
    
indebtedness
    and restrictions under agreements governing indebtedness; and

    
    
interest
    rate increases.


Risks
Related to Our Common Stock

There
currently is only a minimal public market for our common stock. Failure to develop or maintain a trading market could negatively
affect the value of our common stock and make it difficult or impossible for you to sell your shares.

There
currently is only a minimal public market for shares of our common stock and an active market may never develop. Our common stock
is quoted on the OTC Pink Market operated by the OTC Market&rsquo;s Group
 Inc. under the symbol &ldquo;PACV&rdquo;. We may not
ever be able to satisfy the listing requirements for our common stock to be listed on any stock exchange
 including the trading
platforms of the NASDAQ Stock Market which are often more widely traded and liquid markets. Some
 but not all
 of the factors
which may delay or prevent the listing of our common stock on a more widely-traded and liquid market include the following: our
stockholders&rsquo; equity may be insufficient; the market value of our outstanding securities may be too low; our net income
from operations may be too low; our common stock may not be sufficiently widely held; we may not be able to secure market makers
for our common stock; and we may fail to meet the rules and requirements mandated by
 any of the several exchanges and markets
to have our common stock listed.



    
    



The
market price for our common stock is particularly volatile given our status as a relatively unknown company with a small and thinly
traded public float
 limited operating history and lack of profits which could lead to wide fluctuations in our share price. You
may be unable to sell your common stock at or above your conversion price
 which may result in substantial losses to you.


The
market for our common stock is characterized by significant price volatility when compared to seasoned issuers
 and we expect
that our share price will continue to be more volatile than a seasoned issuer for the indefinite future. The volatility in our
share price is attributable to a number of factors. First
 as noted above
 our common stock is sporadically and thinly traded.
As a consequence of this lack of liquidity
 the trading of relatively small quantities of shares by our shareholders may disproportionately
influence the price of those shares in either direction. The price for our shares could
 for example
 decline precipitously in
the event that a large number of our common stock are sold on the market without commensurate demand
 as compared to a seasoned
issuer which could better absorb those sales without adverse impact on its share price. Secondly
 we are a speculative or &ldquo;risky&rdquo;
investment due to our limited operating history and lack of profits to date
 and uncertainty of future market acceptance for our
potential products and services. As a consequence of this enhanced risk
 more risk-adverse investors may
 under the fear of losing
all or most of their investment in the event of negative news or lack of progress
 be more inclined to sell their shares on the
market more quickly and at greater discounts than would be the case with the stock of a seasoned issuer. Many of these factors
are beyond our control and may decrease the market price of our common stock
 regardless of our operating performance. We cannot
make any predictions or projections as to what the prevailing market price for our common stock will be at any time
 including
as to whether our common stock will sustain their current market prices
 or as to what effect that the sale of shares or the availability
of common stock for sale at any time will have on the prevailing market price.

The
application of the &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; rules could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and increase your
transaction costs to sell those shares.

The
SEC has adopted rule 3a51-1 which establishes the definition of a &ldquo;penny stock
&rdquo; for the purposes relevant to us
as any equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share
subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock
 unless exempt
 Rule 15g-9 requires:



    
    
that
    a broker or dealer approve a person&rsquo;s account for transactions in penny stocks
 and

    
    
the
    broker or dealer receives from the investor a written agreement to the transaction
 setting forth the identity and quantity
    of the penny stock to be purchased.


In
order to approve a person&rsquo;s account for transactions in penny stocks
 the broker or dealer must:



    
    
obtain
    financial information and investment experience objectives of the person
 and

    
    
make
    a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and the person has sufficient
    knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks.


The
broker or dealer must also deliver
 prior to any transaction in a penny stock
 a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating
to the penny stock market
 which
 in highlight form:



    
    
sets
    forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination
 and

    
    
that
    the broker or dealer received a signed
 written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction.


Generally
brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; rules. This may make
it more difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our stock.


    
    


The
application of Rule 144 creates some investment risk to potential investors; for example
 existing shareholders may be able to
rely on Rule 144 to sell some of their holdings
 driving down the price of the shares you purchased.

The
SEC adopted amendments to Rule 144 which became effective on February 15
 2008 that apply to securities acquired both before and
after that date. Under these amendments
 a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock for at least
six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that: (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates
at the time of
 or at any time during the three months preceding a sale
 (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting
requirements for at least 90 days before the sale and (iii) if the sale occurs prior to satisfaction of a one-year holding period
we provide current information at the time of sale.

Persons
who have beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time
of
 or at any time during the three months preceding a sale
 would be subject to additional restrictions
 by which such person
would be entitled to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of either
of the following:



    
    
1%
    of the total number of securities of the same class then outstanding (shares of common stock as of the date of this Report);
    or

    
    
the
    average weekly trading volume of such securities during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144
    with respect to the sale;


provided
in each case
 that we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale.
Such sales by affiliates must also comply with the manner of sale
 current public information and notice provisions of Rule 144.

Shannon
Masjedi
 our majority stockholder
 director and executive officer
 owns a large percentage of our voting stock
 which allows her
to exercise significant influence over matters subject to stockholder approval.

Shannon
Masjedi
 our majority stockholder
 director and executive officer
 will have substantial influence over the outcome of corporate
actions requiring shareholder approval
 including the election of directors
 any merger
 consolidation or sale of all or substantially
all of our assets or any other significant corporate transaction. In particular
 because our President
 Chief Executive Officer
Interim Chief Financial Officer
 Treasurer
 Secretary and a director
 Mrs. Masjedi
 who owns 10
130
454 shares of our common stock
and 5
000
000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock (with 10 votes per share)
 and 10
000 Series F Preferred Stock (Each share of
Series F Preferred Stock is convertible into 0.1% of the issued and outstanding stock at the time of conversion).

Conversion
of Series F Preferred Stock would cause significant dilution to existing common stock shareholders. 

We
currently have 10
000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock authorized with 10
000 shares issued and outstanding. Each share of Series
F Preferred Stock is convertible into 0.1% of our common stock issued and outstanding at the time of conversion. A conversion
of Series F Preferred Stock by a Series F shareholder would cause significant dilution to existing shareholders of our common
stock.

We
do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock.

We
do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We currently anticipate that we will
retain all of our available cash
 if any
 for use as working capital and for other general corporate purposes. Any payment of
future dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon
 among other things
 our earnings
 financial
condition
 capital requirements
 level of indebtedness
 statutory and contractual restrictions applying to the payment of dividends
and other considerations that the Board of Directors deems relevant. Investors must rely on sales of their common stock after
price appreciation
 which may never occur
 as the only way to realize a return on their investment. Investors seeking cash dividends
should not purchase our common stock.

Risks
Related to Our Acquisition Strategy

We
can give no assurances as to when we will consummate any other future acquisitions or whether we will consummate any of them at
all.

We
intend to continue to build our business through strategic acquisitions. However
 any acquisition is subject to certain closing
conditions and other impediments to closing
 including closing the financing and others that are beyond our control
 and we may
not be able to close on the terms described herein or at all. See above &ldquo;Business &mdash; Recent Developments and Initiatives.&rdquo;

We
intend to pursue and consummate one or more additional acquisitions and to possibly use any remaining proceeds from the Financing
if any
 to fund any cash portion of the consideration we will pay in connection with those acquisitions. However
 such additional
acquisitions may also be subject to conditions and other impediments to closing
 including some that are beyond our control
 and
we may not be able to close any of them successfully. In addition
 our future acquisitions will be required to be closed within
certain timeframes as negotiated between us and the acquisition target
 and if we are unable to meet the closing deadlines for
a given transaction
 we may be required to forfeit payments we have made
 if any
 be forced to renegotiate the transaction on
less advantageous terms and could fail to consummate the transaction at all.


    
    


If
we are unable to close future acquisitions
 it could significantly alter our business strategy and impede our prospects for growth.
Further
 we may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates to replace these acquisitions
 and even if we were to
do so
 we may only be able to consummate them on less advantageous terms. In addition
 some of the businesses we acquire may incur
significant losses from operations
 which
 in turn
 could have a material and adverse impact on our business
 results of operations
and financial condition.

We
may face difficulty in integrating the operations of any businesses we may acquire in the future. As shown by our acquisition
of SDFO
 acquisitions have been and will continue to be an important component of our growth strategy; however
 we will need to
integrate these acquired businesses successfully in order for our growth strategy to succeed and for us to become profitable.
We expect that the management teams of the acquired businesses will adopt our policies
 procedures and best practices
 and cooperate
with each other in scheduling events
 booking talent and in other aspects of their operations. We may face difficulty with the
integration of any other businesses we acquire
 such as coordinating geographically dispersed organizations
 integrating personnel
with disparate business backgrounds and combining different corporate cultures
 the diversion of management&rsquo;s attention
from other business concerns
 the inherent risks in entering markets or lines of business in which we have either limited or no
direct experience; and the potential loss of key employees
 individual service providers
 customers and strategic partners of
acquired companies.

Further
we expect that future target companies may have material weaknesses in internal controls relating to the proper application of
accrual-based accounting under the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;)
prior to our acquiring them. The Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the &ldquo;PCAOB&rdquo;) defines a material weakness
as a deficiency
 or a combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable
possibility that a material misstatement of annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. We will be relying on the proper implementation of our policies and procedures to remedy any such material weaknesses and
prevent any potential material misstatements in our financial reporting. Any such misstatement could adversely affect the trading
price of our common stock
 cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information
 and subject us to civil and
criminal fines and penalties. If our acquired companies fail to integrate in these important ways
 or we fail to adequately understand
the business operations of our acquired companies
 our growth and financial results could suffer.

We
may enter into acquisitions and take actions in connection with such transactions that could adversely affect our business and
results of operations.

Our
future growth rate depends in part on our selective acquisition of additional businesses and assets. We may be unable to identify
suitable targets for acquisition or make further acquisitions at favorable prices. If we identify a suitable acquisition candidate
our ability to successfully complete the acquisition would depend on a variety of factors and may include our ability to obtain
financing on acceptable terms and requisite government approvals. In addition
 any credit agreements or credit facilities that
we may enter into in the future may restrict our ability to make certain acquisitions. In connection with future acquisitions
we could take certain actions that could adversely affect our business
 including:



    
    
using
    a significant portion of our available cash;

    
    
issuing
    equity securities
 which would dilute current stockholders&rsquo; percentage ownership;

    
    
incurring
    substantial debt;

    
    
incurring
    or assuming contingent liabilities
 known or unknown;

    
    
incurring
    amortization expenses related to intangibles; and

    
    
incurring
    large accounting write-offs or impairments.


We
may also enter into joint ventures
 which involve certain unique risks
 including
 among others
 risks relating to the lack of
full control of the joint venture
 potential disagreements with our joint venture partners about how to manage the joint venture
conflicting interests of the joint venture
 requirement to fund the joint venture and its business not being profitable.


    
    


In
addition
 we cannot be certain that the due diligence investigation that we conduct with respect to any investment or acquisition
opportunity will reveal or highlight all relevant facts that may be necessary or helpful in evaluating such investment opportunity.
For example
 instances of fraud
 accounting irregularities and other deceptive practices can be difficult to detect. Executive
officers
 directors and employees may be named as defendants in litigation involving a company we are acquiring or have acquired.
Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a particular investment or acquisition
 we may fail to uncover all material issues
relating to such investment
 including regarding controls and procedures of a particular target or the full scope of its contractual
arrangements. We rely on our due diligence to identify potential liabilities in the businesses we acquire
 including such things
as potential or actual lawsuits
 contractual obligations or liabilities imposed by government regulation. However
 our due diligence
process may not uncover these liabilities
 and where we identify a potential liability
 we may incorrectly believe that we can
consummate the acquisition without subjecting ourselves to that liability. Therefore
 it is possible that we could be subject
to litigation in respect of these acquired businesses. If our due diligence fails to identify issues specific to an investment
or acquisition
 we may obtain a lower return from that transaction than the investment would return or otherwise subject ourselves
to unexpected liabilities. We may also be forced to write-down or write-off assets
 restructure our operations or incur impairment
or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions
about us or our shares of common stock.



ITEM
    1B.
UNRESOLVED
    STAFF COMMENTS


As
of December 31
 2020
 there were no unresolved SEC comments issued to the Company.



ITEM
    2.
    


Pacific
Venture&rsquo;s corporate headquarters are now located at 117 West 9th Street
 Suites 316 and 423
 Los Angeles
 California 90015
where we occupy an aggregate of approximately 655 square feet pursuant to leases. The leases for Suites 316 and 423 are on a month-to-month
basis at a monthly rate of $450 and $330
 respectively.

SDFO
operations are located at 10407 Friars Rd
 San Diego
 CA 92110
 where they occupy an aggregate of approximately 10
000 square
feet pursuant to leases. The 5-year leases are on an annual basis at a monthly rate of $6
000 per month.

Seaport
Group Enterprise LLC is located at 2533 Folex Way
 Spring Valley CA 91978
 where they occupy an aggregate of approximately 12
000
square feet pursuant to the lease. The 5-year leases are on an annual basis starting at a monthly rate of $14
750.00 per month.



ITEM
    3.
LEGAL
    PROCEEDINGS


From
time to time
 the Company may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of
business. However
 litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties
 and an adverse result in these or other matters may have
individually or in the aggregate
 a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition or operating results. The Company
is currently not aware of any pending legal proceedings
 other than as set forth below.

On
September 25
 2020 Pacific Ventures Group entered into a settlement agreement with BNA/TRA for a combined amount of $400
000 to
be in monthly cash installments to be paid as follows; On or before October 10
 2020
 PACV paid the sum of thirty thousand dollars
($30
000); On or before November 1st
 2020
 PACV paid the sum of thirty thousand ($30
000); On or before December 1
 2020
 and
continuing through and including May 1st 2023
 PACV shall pay twenty-nine (29) consecutive monthly payments of eleven thousand
five hundred ($11
500); On or before June 1st
 2023
 PACV will pay the sum of six thousand five hundred ($6
500);

On
or about May 13
 2020
 SGE filed a lawsuit against PNC in Los Angeles Superior Court
 based on PNC&rsquo;s material breaches of
the Asset Purchase Agreement and the Consulting and Covenant Not to Compete Agreement (the &ldquo;Consulting Agreement&rdquo;)
as well material misrepresentations that PNC made to SGE. SGE&rsquo;s complaint alleges multiple causes of action against PNC
including but not limited to
 fraud.


    
    


On
or about August 26
 2020
 the Los Angeles Superior Court issued an order transferring the Action to San Diego Superior Court.

On
or about October 19
 2020
 PNC filed a Cross-Complaint alleging that SGE breached certain obligations set forth in the Asset Purchase
Agreement and the Consulting Agreement and that SGE made certain material misrepresentations
 including but not limited to
 fraud.
On or about December 31
 2020
 PNC filed a First Amended Cross-Complaint against SGE. SGE intends to contest the allegations in
the First Amended Cross-Complaint while simultaneously pursing recovery against PNC based on the claims that SGE has alleged in
the Complaint. Except as set forth above
 we are unable to estimate the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome in the case or estimate
the amount owed if or any possible loss at this time.

On
or about November 23
 2020
 in action in San Diego Supreme Court was filed against San Diego Farmers Outlet and Pacific Ventures
Group. In the case
 plaintiff seeks an award of damages in the sum of $41
168.00. The parties are engaged in ongoing settlement
discussions. In the meantime
 the company intends to contest the allegations against it vigorously. Except as set forth above
we are unable to estimate the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome in the case or estimate the amount owed range of potential
loss at this time.

On
February 22
 2018
 a holder of a convertible note in the principal amount of $75
000.00 commenced and action in the Supreme Court
New York against the Company. (JSJ v. Pacific Ventures). The suit asserts breach of contract due to failure to honor certain conversion
notices allegedly tendered pursuant to the convertible note. This matter has been settled and both parties mutually agreed to
monthly cash payments of $3
359.90 per month. JSJ has no rights to convert any stock and has no stock in reserve.

In
2010
 Mrs. Masjedi
 who filed for Chapter 7 personal bankruptcy which was discharged in August 2011
 and Marc Shenkman
 who filed
for Chapter 11 personal bankruptcy in 2010
 which was dismissed but not discharged in May 2012
 none of our directors or officers
have filed for or have been affiliated with any company that has filed for bankruptcy within the last ten years. We are not aware
of any proceedings to which any of our officers or directors
 or any associate of any such officer or director.



ITEM
    4.
MINE
    SAFETY DISCLOSURES


Not
applicable

PART
II



ITEM
    5.
MARKET
    FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.


Market
Information

Pacific
Ventures&rsquo; Common Stock is quoted on the OTC Pink Market
 under the symbol &ldquo;PACV.&rdquo; The following table sets forth
the high and low closing prices for our common stock for the periods indicated. The prices set forth below represent inter-dealer
quotations
 without adjustment for retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission
 and may not represent the prices of actual transactions.



    
    
    


 2020
    
    


 2020
    
    


 2020
    
    


 2020
    
    


 2020
    
    

    
    
    


 2019
    
    


 2019
    
    


 2019
    
    


 2019
    
    


 2019
    
    

    
    
    


 2018
    
    


 2018
    
    


 2018
    
    


 2018
    
    


 2018
    
    



    
    


Number
of Holders

On
December 31
 2020
 the Company had approximately 294 stockholders of record and 16
871
351 shares of common stock issued and outstanding.



Since
its inception
 the Company has paid dividends one time in n 2018 to its share holds in the form of common stock but does not anticipate
that it will pay dividends in the foreseeable future.

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities

During
the year ended December 31
2020
 the Company issued a total of 15
728
570 of its common stock. This comprised of 5
728
570 for
various investors for cash anod other considerations including services. On December 16
 2020
 Shannon Masjedi coverted 1
000
000
of her Series E preferred share in exchange for 10
000
000 all applicable 144 rules apply.

The
Company believes that the offers
 sales and issuances of the securities described above were exempt from registration under the
Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Securities Act&rdquo;)
 in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or
Rule 506 promulgated thereunder as transactions by an issuer not involving a public offering. The recipients of securities in
each of these transactions acquired the securities for investment only and not with a view to or for sale in connection with any
distribution thereof. Each of the recipients of securities in these transactions was an accredited investor within the meaning
of Rule 501 of Regulation D under the Securities Act and had adequate access
 through employment
 business or other relationships
to information about us. The sales of these securities were made without any general solicitation or advertising.

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

See
&ldquo;Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters &horbar; Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans.&rdquo;



ITEM
    6.
SELECTED
    FINANCIAL DATA


Not
applicable to smaller reporting companies.


    
    




ITEM
    7.
MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S
    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS


Statements
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this &ldquo;Quarterly Report&rdquo;) which are not historical in nature are &ldquo;forward-looking
statements&rdquo; within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements often include words such as &ldquo;believe
&rdquo;
&ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;outlook
&rdquo;
&ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;target
&rdquo; &ldquo;seek
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;would
&rdquo;
&ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;could
&rdquo; &ldquo;forecast
&rdquo; &ldquo;mission
&rdquo; &ldquo;strive
&rdquo; &ldquo;more
&rdquo;
&ldquo;goal
&rdquo; or similar expressions and are based upon various assumptions and our experience in the industry
 as well
as historical trends
 current conditions
 and expected future developments. However
 you should understand that these statements
are not guarantees of performance or results
 and there are a number of risks
 uncertainties and other important factors that
could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements
 including
 among others:



    
    
any
    declines in the consumption of food prepared away from home;

    
    
the
    extent and duration of the negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on us;

    
    
cost
    inflation/deflation and commodity volatility;

    
    
    

    
    
reliance
    on third-party suppliers and interruption of product supply or increases in product costs;

    
    
changes
    in our relationships with customers and group purchasing organizations;

    
    
our
    ability to increase or maintain the highest margin portions of our business;

    
    
effective
    integration of acquired businesses;

    
    
achievement
    of expected benefits from cost savings initiatives;

    
    
increases
    in fuel costs;

    
    
economic
    factors affecting consumer confidence and discretionary spending;

    
    
changes
    in consumer eating habits;

    
    
reputation
    in the industry;

    
    
labor
    relations and costs and continued access to qualified and diverse labor;

    
    
cost
    and pricing structures;

    
    
changes
    in tax laws and regulations and resolution of tax disputes;

    
    
environmental
    health and safety and other government regulation
 including actions taken by national
 state and local governments to contain
    the COVID-19 pandemic
 such as travel restrictions or bans
 social distancing requirements
 and required closures of non-essential
    businesses;

    
    
product
    recalls and product liability claims;

    
    
adverse
    judgments or settlements resulting from litigation;

    
    
disruption
    of existing technologies and implementation of new technologies;

    
    
cybersecurity
    incidents and other technology disruptions;

    
    
management
    of retirement benefits and pension obligations;

    
    
extreme
    weather conditions
 natural disasters and other catastrophic events
 including pandemics and the rapid spread of contagious
    illnesses;

    
    
risks
    associated with intellectual property
 including potential infringement;

    
    
indebtedness
    and restrictions under agreements governing indebtedness; and

    
    
interest
    rate increases.


You
should read the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations together with the audited consolidated
financial statements and notes to the financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion contains
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements are not historical facts
 but
rather are based on current expectations
 estimates
 assumptions and projections about our industry
 business and future financial
results. Our actual results could differ materially from the results contemplated by these forward-looking statements due to a
number of factors
 including those discussed under &ldquo;Item 1A. Risk Factors&rdquo; and other sections in this Annual Report.

The
following discussion highlights Pacific Ventures&rsquo; results of operations and the principal factors that have affected our
financial condition as well as our liquidity and capital resources for the periods described and provides information that management
believes is relevant for an assessment and understanding of the statements of financial condition and results of operations presented
herein. The following discussion and analysis are based on Pacific Ventures&rsquo; audited Financial Report
 which we have prepared
in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles. You should read this discussion and analysis together
with such financial statements and the related notes thereto.

Basis
of Presentation

The
audited financial statements for our fiscal years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019 include a summary of our significant accounting
policies and should be read in conjunction with the discussion below. In the opinion of management
 all material adjustments necessary
to present fairly the results of operations for such periods have been included in these audited financial statements. All such
adjustments are of a normal recurring nature.


    
    




Overview
 During 2017
 the South Carolina distributor expanded the account base for Sn&ouml;Bar and has many successful
placements for the brand. Furthermore
 additional funding has also been unavailable to pursue additional geographic markets
 both
domestic and international. Despite such challenges
 during 2017
 the Company continued development of the Snobar Product Line
with the goal to fulfill the current orders that the brand has in hand from the Company&rsquo;s distributor in South Carolina
as well as from other accounts. In addition
 the Company further continued with its strategy of selectively pursue strategic acquisitions
in its industry and related industries
 culminating in the execution of the Asset Purchase Agreement with San Diego Farmers Outlet
Inc. The Company is currently working on satisfying the closing conditions under the Asset Purchase Agreement
 including obtaining
the necessary Financing
 and hope to close the transaction during the second quarter of 2018. There can be no assurance
 however
that the Financing and the asset acquisition will be consummated or as to the date by which the asset acquisition may be consummated
if at all.

Overview
 During the 2018 fiscal year
 the Company completed an asset acquisition of San Diego Farmers Outlet
 Inc.
(SDFO)
 a California Corporation with over thirty-five (35) years in business servicing restaurant and retail produce customers
in southern California&rsquo;s three largest counties
 supplying quality food and produce. SDFO does business under the name of
Farmers Outlet and San Diego Farmers Outlet. On Sept. 24
 2018
 the Company announced the signing of a definitive Asset Purchase
Agreement to acquire a food and beverage distribution company that is involved in the sale of food
 beverages and general merchandise
to retailers
 households
 hotels
 restaurants
 &ldquo;mom and pop&rdquo; markets
 liquor stores
 gas stations and other retail
outlets.

Overview
 During the 2019 fiscal year
 the Company completed an asset acquisition of Seaport Meat Company
 (Seaport
Meat)
 a California Corporation with over thirty (30) years in business servicing restaurant and retail
 and institutional customers
in Southern California and Arizona. Seaport Meat is a USDA meat processing plant that supplies quality meats
 seafood
 dry goods
dairy and produce. Seaport Meat Company operates a distribution and manufacturing facility in Spring Valley
 California their
12
000 square foot facility is HACCP-compliant and is a USDA Licensed processing facility with on-site daily inspections. HACCP
is a management system in which food safety is addressed through the analysis and control of biological
 chemical
 and physical
hazards from raw material production
 procurement and handling
 to manufacturing
 distribution and consumption of the finished
product. Having a USDA certified facility allows consumers to be confident that the Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS)
the public health agency in the USDA
 ensured that meat and poultry products are safe
 wholesome
 and correctly labeled and packaged

The
Company&rsquo;s customers range from a wide variety of restaurants
 including many well known in Southern CA
 to institutions
schools (UCSD
 SDSU
 etc.) and re-distributors such as US Foods and Sysco as well as to local distributors. They supply wholesale
food and restaurant supplies to San Diego
 Los Angeles
 Orange and Riverside and offer same day service. In addition
 they have
clients in Arizona and Colorado that come to their facility to pick up their orders.

Because
Seaport Meat Company of America can efficiently add new product lines
 they can easily expand the distribution of Pacific Ventures&rsquo;
San Diego Farmers Outlet and SnoBar product line
 thereby accelerating Pacific Ventures&rsquo; revenue growth. The combination
of a distribution and product company is unique in the San Diego area and will position the company for rapid growth.

They
manufacture and wholesale custom processed beef
 pork
 chicken
 lamb
 veal and seafood. In addition
 they are redistributors of
a wide variety of dry goods
 frozen foods
 disposables and janitorial products. Their sales
 distribution and finance processes
are very efficient and can be expanded to add new product lines
 including fresh produce and dairy

Overview
 During 2020
 the U.S. foodservice industry faced unprecedented challenges as the COVID-19 pandemic caused
substantial disruption across many of our customers&rsquo; operations and
 in some cases
 resulted in permanent closures of restaurants.
As a company
 we took several actions to increase liquidity
 conserve cash
 manage working capital
 and reduce expenses to align
with the decrease in demand.


    
    


We
also acted quickly to protect the health and safety of our communities by implementing new protocols and enhanced safety measures
to protect our frontline associates and customers
 many of whom are &ldquo;essential workers&rdquo; and unable to work remotely.
As we adapted to rapidly changing conditions
 we also increased our efforts to stay connected to our current customers and attract
new customer.

As
was widely reported in the media
 the U.S. meat industry experienced meat shortages due to massive outbreaks of COVID-19 and in
some cases large facilities were forced to close
 meat prices reached an all-time high due to the lack of product and increase
in demand. While many of our competitors chose to pass these increases in price to the customers
 The Companies Management made
a conscious decision to support our customers by lowering our margins in order to offset the increase in prices caused by the
pandemic. By lowering our margins during the second and third quarters we attracted many new customers and won the loyalty of
its current customer base.

The
Company was able to maintain the historical average of the prior year&rsquo;s revenues but did share the burden of the pandemic.

During
the onset of the pandemic Seaport&rsquo;s sales staff and management acted quickly to recover any lost revenue due to the massive
government mandated shutdown. Some of our largest customers were forced to stay closed for almost a year which include Petco Park
(home of the San Diego Padres)
 and the SoCal County Fairs. We acted quickly
 and attracted more business from Hospitals
 Nursing
Homes
 and Naval Bases just to name a few.

The
Company made concerted efforts to let our customers know that we appreciate their loyalty and continued support during these challenging
times.



In
Fiscal Year 2021
 the Company&rsquo;s strategy is focused on:



    
&#9679;
    
incrementally
    increase sales and profitability of San Diego Farmers Outlet (SDFO) and Seaport Meat Company.

    
    
expanding
    Sn&ouml;bar production and distribution

    
    
acquisition
    of food production or distribution companies that are synergistic with SDFO and Seaport Meat Company.


We
plan to grow SDFO&rsquo;s wholesale business by expanding its delivery territory from 25 miles to a 75-mile radius and add to
the current fleet of delivery trucks. The Company has already begun marketing to new restaurants in the area
 most notably Asian
and Italian restaurants
 and have let restaurants know that SDFO can deliver the finest produce in market.

We
plan to relaunch Sn&ouml;bar production and distribution by partnering with third-party manufacturers and co-packers
 and with
third-party distributors that can sell Sn&ouml;bar products to high-end restaurants
 resorts
 cruise lines and hotels worldwide.
Initially
 the focus will be on establishing major accounts in four core markets consisting of Southern California
 Phoenix
 Las
Vegas and Miami. The larger vision is to sell products in grocery stores such as Kroger
 Wal-Mart and others
 and thereafter to
begin a national marketing program to all U.S. retailers. It is essentially a top-down marketing plan where products are placed
with the largest retailer then trickle down to the smallest seller in each market area

We
plan to acquire food production and distribution businesses that will help the Company grow its food
 beverage and alcohol-related
products businesses. We continue to engage in preliminary discussions with potential investors in order to properly fund potential
acquisitions
 however
 there are no assurances that the required funding will be available on terms acceptable to us
 or at all.


    
    


Going
Concern

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming we will continue as a going concern. As discussed in
this Annual Report and in the notes to the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein
 we have
incurred operating losses
 and as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 we have accumulated deficit of $16
063
780 and $10
040
367 respectively.
For the year ended December 31
 2020
 we have a working capital deficiency of $4
589
002. These factors raise substantial doubt
about our ability to continue as a going concern. Additionally
 our independent registered public accounting firm included an
explanatory paragraph in their report for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019 regarding concerns about our ability to continue
as a going concern.

Our
ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our generating operating cash flow and raising capital sufficient to
fund operations. We have discussed our strategy and plans relating to these matters elsewhere in this Current Report although
the consolidated financial statements included herein do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these
uncertainties. Our business strategy may not be successful in funding ongoing operations and accelerating our domestic and international
expansion
 and if we cannot continue as a going concern
 our stockholders may lose their entire investment in us.

Plan
of Operations for the Next Twelve Months

Our
plan is to achieve meaningful sales revenue from the sale of the SDFO and Seaport Meat Company products to meet our operating
needs. It is also unlikely that we will be able to satisfy all of our obligations to pay interest and repay principal due and
payable within the next 12 months under the various forms of our outstanding debt. Although we have been able to extend the maturity
dates as well as repayment terms of a substantial amount of such debt
 there is no assurance that we will be able to further extend
such repayments or maturity dates to avoid a default
 as such further extension depends on the consent of the holders of such
debt. If we are unable to make such payments and repayments and unable to extend and delay required payments or maturities of
such debt
 the holders of such debt will have the right to take legal action seeking enforcement of the debt. If any legal action
is taken against us
 we would face the risk of having to deplete our limited cash resources to defend against such suit or face
the entry of a default judgment. In either event
 such action would have grave impact on our operations. Our ability to continue
operations will be dependent upon the successful completion of additional long-term or permanent equity financing
 the support
of creditors and shareholders
 and
 ultimately
 the achievement of profitable operations. There can be no assurances that we will
be successful
 which would in turn significantly affect our ability to be successful in our new business plan. If not
 we will
likely be required to reduce operations or liquidate assets. We will continue to evaluate our projected expenditures relative
to our available cash and to seek additional means of financing in order to satisfy our working capital and other cash requirements.

Critical
Accounting Estimates

We
regularly evaluate the accounting estimates that we use to prepare our financial statements. A complete summary of these policies
is included in the Notes to our audited financial statements. In general
 management&rsquo;s estimates are based on historical
experience
 on information from third party professionals
 and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable
under the facts and circumstances. Actual results could differ from those estimates made by management.

We
believe that of our significant accounting policies
 which are described in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements
 the
following accounting policies involve a greater degree of judgment and complexity. Accordingly
 these are the policies we believe
are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our financial condition and results of operations.

Revenue
Recognition &horbar;
 meat
 and other
food related products. Farmers Outlet and Seaport Meat specialty food products that the larger distributors do not carry on a
daily basis. Our customers comprise of redistributors
 restaurants
 hotels
 schools
 and nursing homes just to name a few. 
 Sales
revenues are generally recognized when the products are shipped or delivered to the customers
 net of discounts
 returns and allowance
and collectability is reasonably assured.


    
    


Concentrations
of Credit Risk &horbar;
Deposit Insurance Corporation (&ldquo;FDIC&rdquo;) up to federally insured limits. At times balances may exceed FDIC insured limits.
We have not experienced any losses in such accounts.

Accounts
Receivable (AR): AR as at the years-ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 were $1
213
991 and $1
290
637
 respectively. Historically
customer accounts typically are collected within a short period of time and based on its assessment of current conditions and
its experience collecting such receivables
 management believes it has no significant risk related to its concentration within
its accounts receivable.

Results
of Operations

Year
ended December 31
 2020
 as compared to the year ended December 31
 2019

Revenues
and Cost of Goods Sold.
 2020 increased to $30
212
420 from $5
918
337 during
the comparable period as a result of the acquisition of Seaport Meat Company.

Cost
of goods sold (&ldquo;COGS&rdquo;) is comprised of production costs
 shipping
 and handling costs. For the fiscal year ended December
31
 2020
 we had costs of goods sold of $26
857
783
 as compared to $5
070
322 in the comparable period ended December 31
 2020.
The percentage of COGS against sales was 85.67% in the fiscal year ended December 31
 2019 to 88.89% in the fiscal year ended
December 31
 2020.

Operating
Expenses.
 General and Administrative (&ldquo;SG&amp;A&rdquo;) expenses consist of sales and marketing
 professional
services
 rents
 and general office expenses (including wages for non-officer personnel). During the fiscal year ended December
31
 2020 our SG&amp;A expenses increased to $5
077
008 from $1
365
942 in the comparable prior period
 an increase of $3
711
066.
These increases were the result of increases in general office expenses
 professional services and marketing expenses. On December
31
 2020
 total general office expense was $5
077
008
 marketing expenses was $45
837 and professional fees was $913
293. Amortization
and depreciation expenses increased from $229
036 to $696
144 for the fiscal years December 31
 2019 and December 31
 2020
 respectively
due to the addition of depreciable assets in the second quarter of 2019 related to the acquisition of San Diego Market Outlet
Inc and Seaport Meat Company.

Total
operating expenses for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2020 were $7
032
283 representing an increase of $4
480
723
 as compared
to $2
551
560 for the comparable prior period ended December 31
 2019.

Other
Non-Operating Income and Expenses
 2020 were $2
204
391
 consisting
all in interest expense compared to a non-operating expense of $970
488
 consisting of also all in interest expense
 in the comparable
prior period ended December 31
 2019.

Net
Loss.
 2020 was $5
861
821
 an increase of $3
209
195 from $2
652
626 in the
comparable prior period ended December 31
 2019

Financial
Condition
 Liquidity and Capital Resources

Fiscal
years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019

As
of December 31
 2020
 we had a working capital deficit of $4
589
002 comprised of $58
233 in cash and cash equivalents
 $1
213
991
of accounts receivable
 $1
216
562 inventory assets
 other current assets of $283
379 (includes current portion of Rent to Use
Asset) and $16
845 in deposits which were offset by accounts payable of $2
809
136
 $902
442 in accrued expenses
 $88
417 in lease
payables
 $3
239
017 in current note payables and $249
000 in lease liability. For the fiscal year ended December 31
 2020 we
used $2
327
148 in operating activities. Cash used in investing activities totaled $186
519
 consisting of purchase of equipment
building and improvement and fixed assets for $186
519. Cash provided in financing activities totaled $2
255
943
 consisting of
$1
532
737 in proceeds from notes payable
 $3
246
100
 $122
815 for debt conversion
 $5
000 for issuance of preferred &ldquo;E&rdquo;
shares
 and $161
592 in prior year adjustments
 which is offset with note or loan repayments for $315
349
 $29
218 and $2
144
550
for non-related notes
 related notes and long-term loans
 respectively.


    
    


In
the comparable prior period in 2019
 we had a working capital deficit of $1
118
654 comprised of $315
957 in cash and cash equivalents
$1
290
637 of accounts receivable
 $830
504 inventory assets
 other current assets of $283
379 (includes current portion of Rent
to Use Asset) and $16
845 in deposits which were offset by accounts payable of $1
409
420
 $714
962 in accrued expenses
 $119
988
in lease payables
 $1
362
605 in current note payables and $249
000 in lease liability. For the fiscal year ended December 31
2019 we used $2
620
665 in operating activities. Cash used in investing activities totaled $4
202
000
 consisting of purchase
of equipment
 building and improvement and fixed assets for $1
384
382 and for goodwill and intangible assets $2
783
239
 all
of which related to the recent acquisition of Seaport Meat Company. Cash provided in financing activities totaled $6
987
564
consisting of $2
960
899 in proceeds from notes payable
 $3
461
606 in proceeds from long term loans
 of which $3
015
780 was
for the acquisition and working capital of Seaport Meat Company
 $119
542 from proceeds from note payables from related parties
$166
000 for debt conversion
 $60
000 for issuance of preferred &ldquo;E&rdquo; shares
 $446
711 in common shares issued for debt
conversion and $111
304 in prior year adjustments.

On
December 31
 2020
 we had cash and cash equivalents of $58
233 as compared to $315
957 on December 31
 2019.

Cash
used in operations for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2020 was $2
327
148 as compared to $2
620
665 in the comparable prior
fiscal year ended December 31
 2019. Cash used decreased by $293
517 between periods.

For
the fiscal year ended December 31
 2020
 cash used in investing totaled $186
519. We used $4
202
000 from investing activities
December 31
 2019
 which was related to the acquisition of Seaport Meat Company.

Cash
provided from financing activities on December 31
 2020 was $2
255
943 as compared to $6
987
564 at December 31
 2019.

As
of December 31
 2020
 we had total current liabilities of $7
378
012 and total liabilities were $18
706
866 as compared to $3
855
976
and $13
386
354
 respectively
 for December 31
 2019.

We
depend upon debt and/or equity financing to fund our ongoing operations and to execute our business plan. If continued funding
and capital resources are unavailable at reasonable terms
 we may curtail our plan of operations. We will be required to obtain
alternative or additional financing from financial institutions or otherwise
 in order to maintain and expand our existing operations.
The failure by us to obtain such financing would have a material adverse effect upon our business
 financial condition and results
of operations.

Capital
Resources

Our
principal sources of liquidity have been cash generated by loan proceeds and cash generated from operations.

We
plan to continue raising capital in order to meet our liquidity needs. However
 we may be unable to raise sufficient additional
capital when we need it or to raise capital on favorable terms. If we are unable to obtain adequate funds on reasonable terms
we may be required to significantly curtail or discontinue operations or obtain funds by entering into financing agreements on
unattractive terms.

We
do not currently have any contractual restrictions on our ability to incur debt and
 accordingly we could incur significant amounts
of indebtedness to finance operations. Any such indebtedness could contain covenants which would restrict our operations.

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements

There
are no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition
changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital resources
that is material to investors.


    
    


Critical
Accounting Policies

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(&ldquo;U.S. GAAP&rdquo;) requires estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 revenues
and expenses
 and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying
notes. The SEC has defined a company&rsquo;s critical accounting policies as the ones that are most important to the portrayal
of the company&rsquo;s financial condition and results of operations
 and which require the company to make its most difficult
and subjective judgments
 often as a result of the need to make estimates of matters that are inherently uncertain. Based on this
definition
 we have identified the critical accounting policies and judgments addressed below. We also have other key accounting
policies
 which involve the use of estimates
 judgments and assumptions that are significant to understanding our results
 which
are described in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements. Although we believe that our estimates
 assumptions and judgments
are reasonable
 they are based upon information presently available. Actual results may differ significantly from these estimates
under different assumptions
 judgments or conditions.



ITEM
    7A.
QUANTITATIVE
    AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK


Not
applicable to smaller reporting companies.


    
    




ITEM
    8.
FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA


INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

PACIFIC
VENTURES GROUP
 INC.

December
31
 2020



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2018 and 2017
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
    

    
    

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
    



    
    





    
    





    
    


PACIFIC
VENTURES GROUP
 INC.
Consolidated
Balance Sheets



    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
58
234
315
957

    
1
213
991
1
290
637

    
1
216
562
830
504

    
34
379
34
379

    
249
000
249
000

    
16
845
16
845

    
2
789
011
2
737
322

    
    
    


 net
1
169
441
1
477
668

    
1
169
441
1
477
668

    
    
    

    
3
468
222
3
680
371

    
755
752
861
250

    
11
520
12
421

    
4
235
494
4
554
042

    
8
193
945
8
769
032

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
809
136
1
409
420

    
902
442
714
962

    
249
000
249
000


 notes payable
2
891
023
1
022
364


 notes payable - related party
437
995
340
241


 leases payable
88
417
119
988

    
7
378
012
3
855
976

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
10
541
853
8
627
129

    
42
000
42
000

    
745
000
861
250

    
11
328
853
9
530
379

    
    
    

    
18
706
866
13
386
354

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $.001 par value
 10
000
000 shares authorized
 5
000
000 Series E
 issued and
    outstanding
5
000
6
000


000 Series F
 issued and outstanding
    
    


 $0.498 par value
 900
000
000 shares authorized
 and 16
871
351 issued and
    outstanding at December 31
 2020
 which reflects the 1-for-500 reverse stock split that occurred on Apr 13
 2020
8
415
444
570
033

    
(2
869
593
4
847
013

    
(16
063
780
(10
040
367

    
    
    

    
(10
512
919
(4
617
321

    
    
    

    
8
193
945
8
769
032


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.


    
    


PACIFIC
VENTURES GROUP
 INC.
Consolidated
Statements of Operations



    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of discounts
30
212
420
5
918
337

    
26
857
783
5
070
322

    
3
354
637
848
015

    
    
    


 general and administrative
5
077
008
1
365
942

    
45
837
100
508

    
696
144
229
036

    
913
293
556
074

    
    
    

    
300
000
300
000

    
7
032
283
2
551
560

    
(3
677
646
(1
703
545

    
    
    

    
(2
204
391
(970
488

    
(5
882
038
(2
674
033

    
    
    

    
(5
882
038
(2
674
033

    
    
    

    
20
217
21
407

    
(5
861
821
(2
652
626

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
16
871
351
570
859
333


Common
stock outstanding shares reflect the 1-for-500 reverse stock split that occurred on Apr 13
 2020.

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.


    
    


Statement
of Stockholders&rsquo; Equity (Deficit)
For
the Years Ended December 31
 2019 and 2020



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Class
    A Common Stock
Series
    E Preferred Stock
Series
    F Preferred Stock
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
332
888
888
332
889
    
    
    
    
107
322
    
440
211

    
633
000
    
5
000
000
5
000
    
    
60
867
    
66
500

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
111
304
111
304

Net
    loss for the year ended December 31
 2019
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(2
652
626
(2
652
626

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 December 31
    2019
570
859
333
570
033
6
000
000
6
000
    
    
4
847
012
(10
040
367
(4
617
321

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Reverse split on April 13
    2020 for 1-for-500
(569
717
118
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Reverse split adjustment Apr 20
 2020
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
5
728
570
2
857
411
    
    
10
000
    
(2
729
606
    
127
815

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Shares Issued in exchange of
    preferred E shares
10
000
000
4
988
000
(1
000
000
(1
000
    
    
(4
987
000
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(161
592
(161
592

Net
    loss for the year ended December 31
 2020
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(5
861
821
(5
861
821

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 December 31
    2020
16
871
351
8
415
444
5
000
000
5
000
10
000
    
(2
869
593
(16
063
779
(10
512
919



    
    


PACIFIC
VENTURES GROUP
 INC.
Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows



    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(5
861
821
(2
652
626


    activities:
    
    

    
(127
815
6
500

    
    
3
989

    
696
144
    

    
    
    

    
5
255
(939
104

    
(386
059
(669
646

    
72
293
    

    
    
    

    
1
361
741
1
205
383

    
316
745
101
122

    
(64
398
    

    
1
660
767
311
877

    
    
11
840

    
(2
327
148
(2
620
665

    
    
    

    
    
(34
379


 building &amp; improvements &amp; fixed assets
(186
519
(1
384
382

    
    
(2
783
239

    
(186
519
(4
202
000

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
532
737
2
960
900

    
    
119
542

    
(315
349
    

    
(29
218
    

    
3
246
100
3
461
606

    
(2
144
550
    

    
    
(166
000

    
    
    

    
122
815
440
211

    
5
000
60
000

    
(161
592
111
304

    
2
255
943
6
987
564

    
    
    

    
(257
724
164
898

    
315
956
151
058

    
    
    

    
58
233
315
957

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
292
150
142
695

    
    
    

    
122
815
440
211


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    


Pacific
Ventures Group
 Inc.
Notes
to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For
the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019



The
Company and Nature of Business

Pacific
Ventures Group
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company
&rdquo; &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us&rdquo; or &ldquo;our&rdquo;) was incorporated under
the laws of the state of Delaware on October 3
 1986
 under the name AOA Corporation. On November 12
 1991
 the Company changed
its name to American Eagle Group
 Inc. On October 22
 2012
 the Company changed its name to &ldquo;Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc.&rdquo;.

The
current structure of the Company resulted from a share exchange with Sn&ouml;bar Holdings
 Inc. (&ldquo;Sn&ouml;bar Holdings&rdquo;)
which was treated as a reverse merger for accounting purposes. On August 14
 2015
 the Company entered into a share exchange agreement
(the &ldquo;Share Exchange Agreement&rdquo;) with Sn&ouml;bar Holdings
 pursuant to which the Company acquired 100% of the issued
and outstanding shares of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings&rsquo; Class A and Class B common stock in exchange for 22
500
000 restricted shares
of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
 while simultaneously issuing 2
500
000 restricted shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
to certain other persons
 including for services provided and to a former officer of the Company (the &ldquo;Share Exchange&rdquo;).

As
the result of the Share Exchange
 Sn&ouml;bar Holdings became the Company&rsquo;s wholly owned operating subsidiary and the business
of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings became the Company&rsquo;s sole business operations and MAS Global Distributors
 Inc.
 a California corporation
(&ldquo;MGD&rdquo;)
 became an indirect subsidiary of the Company.

Prior
to the Share Exchange
 the Company operated as an insurance holding company and through its subsidiaries
 which marketed and underwrote
specialized property and casualty coverage in the general aviation insurance marketplace. However
 in 1997
 after selling several
of its divisions
 the Company&rsquo;s remaining insurance operations were placed into receivership and the Company ceased operating
its insurance business.

Since
the Share Exchange represented a change in control of the Company and a change in business operations
 the Company&rsquo;s business
operations changed to that of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings and the discussions of business operations accompanying this filing are solely
that of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings and its affiliates and subsidiaries comprising of Sn&ouml;bar Trust 
 International Production Impex
Corporation
 a California corporation (&ldquo;IPIC&rdquo;) 
 and MGD.

Sn&ouml;bar
Holdings was formed under the laws of the State of Delaware on January 7
 2013. Sn&ouml;bar Holdings is the trustor and sole beneficiary
of Sn&ouml;bar Trust
 a California trust (&ldquo;Trust&rdquo;)
 which was formed in June 1
 2013. The current trustee that holds
legal title to the Trust is Clark Rutledge
 the father of Shannon Masjedi
 the Company&rsquo;s President
 Chief Executive Officer
Interim Chief Financial Officer
 Treasurer
 and majority stockholder. The Trust owns 100% of the shares of IPIC
 which was formed
on August 2
 2001. IPIC is in the business of selling alcohol-infused ice cream and ice-pops and holds all of the rights to the
liquor licenses to sell such products and trade names &ldquo;Sn&ouml;bar&rdquo;. As such
 the Trust holds all ownership interest
of IPIC and its liquor licenses
 permitting IPIC to sell its product to distributors
 with all income
 expense
 gains and losses
rolling up to the Trust
 of which Sn&ouml;bar Holdings is the sole beneficiary. Sn&ouml;bar Holdings also owns 99.9% of the shares
of MGD. MGD is in the business of selling and leasing freezers and providing marketing services. As a result of the foregoing
Sn&ouml;bar Holdings is the primary beneficiary of all assets
 liabilities and any income received from the business of the Trust
and IPIC through the Trust and is the parent company of MGD.

The
Trust and IPIC are considered variable interest entities (&ldquo;VIEs&rdquo;) and Sn&ouml;bar Holdings is identified as the primary
beneficiary of the Trust and IPIC. Under the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) Accounting Standards Codification
(&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) 810
 Sn&ouml;bar Holdings performs ongoing reassessments of whether it is the primary beneficiary of a VIE.
As the assessment of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings&rsquo; management is that Sn&ouml;bar Holdings has the power to direct the activities
of a VIE that most significantly impact the VIE&rsquo;s activities (it is responsible for establishing and operating IPIC)
 and
the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE and the right to receive benefits
from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE&rsquo;s economic performance
 it was therefore concluded by management
that Sn&ouml;bar Holdings is the primary beneficiary of the Trust and IPIC. As such
 the Trust and IPIC were consolidated in the
financial statements of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings since the inception of the Trust
 in the case of the Trust
 and since the inception
of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings
 in the case of IPIC.


    
    


On
May 1
 2018
 Royalty Foods Partners
 LLC &ndash; a Florida Limited Liability Corporation and a subsidiary of Pacific Ventures
Group
 Inc. &ndash; completed an asset acquisition of San Diego Farmers Outlet
 Inc. (SDFO)
 a California Corporation. San Diego
Farmers Outlet was started in over thirty-five years ago to provide primarily restaurants customers in southern California&rsquo;s
three largest counties with quality food and produce and does business under the name of Farmers Outlet and San Diego Farmers
Outlet.

On
December 8
 2019
 Seaport Group Enterprises LLC&mdash;a California Limited Liability Corporation and a subsidiary of Pacific Ventures
Group
 Inc.&mdash;complete an asset acquisition of Seaport Meat Company
 a California Corporation. Seaport Meat Company was started
in over thirty years ago and is a USDA inspected fresh meat processing company. Seaport Meat Company delivers to all of Southern
California as well as Arizona
 customers include US Foods
 SYSCO
 and large restaurant chains.

Principles
of Consolidation

The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company
 Sn&ouml;bar Holdings and its subsidiaries
 in which Sn&ouml;bar
Holdings has a controlling voting interest and entities consolidated under the variable interest entities (&ldquo;VIE&rdquo;)
provisions of ASC 810
 &ldquo;Consolidation&rdquo; (&ldquo;ASC 810&rdquo;). Inter-company balances and transactions have been
eliminated upon consolidation.

The
Company applies the provisions of ASC 810 which provides a framework for identifying VIEs and determining when a company should
include the assets
 liabilities
 non-controlling interests and results of activities of a VIE in its consolidated financial statements.

In
general
 a VIE is a corporation
 partnership
 limited-liability corporation
 trust
 or any other legal structure used to conduct
activities or hold assets that either (1) has an insufficient amount of equity to carry out its principal activities without additional
subordinated financial support
 (2) has a group of equity owners that is unable to make significant decisions about its activities
(3) has a group of equity owners that does not have the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive returns generated
by its operations or (4) the voting rights of some investors are not proportional to their obligations to absorb the expected
losses of the entity
 their rights to receive the expected residual returns of the entity
 or both and substantially all of the
entity&rsquo;s activities (for example
 providing financing or buying assets) either involve or are conducted on behalf of an
investor that has disproportionately fewer voting rights.

ASC
810 requires a VIE to be consolidated by the party with an ownership
 contractual or other financial interest in the VIE (a variable
interest holder) that has both of the following characteristics: a) the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly
impact the VIE&rsquo;s economic performance and b) the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant
to the VIE
 or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE.

A
variable interest holder that consolidates the VIE is called the primary beneficiary. If the primary beneficiary of a variable
interest entity (VIE) and the VIE are under common control
 the primary beneficiary shall initially measure the assets
 liabilities
and non-controlling interests of the VIE at amounts at which they are carried in the accounts of the reporting entity that controls
the VIE (or would be carried if the reporting entity issued financial statements prepared in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles). ASC 810 also requires disclosures about VIEs in which the variable interest holder is not required to
consolidate but in which it has a significant variable interest.



Principles
of Consolidation

The
consolidated financial statements include the Company
 Sn&ouml;bar Holdings
 San Diego Farmers Outlet
 Seaport Meat Company
 MGD
IPIC and the Trust
 which was established to hold IPIC
 which in turn holds liquor licenses. All inter-company accounts have been
eliminated during consolidation. See the discussion in Note 1 above for variable interest entity treatment of the Trust and IPIC.


    
    


Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.

Revenue
Recognition

The
Company recognizes revenue in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) Accounting Standards
Codification (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 which requires that five basic steps be followed
to recognize revenue: (1) a legally enforceable contract that meets criteria standards as to composition and substance is identified;
(2) performance obligations relating to provision of goods or services to the customer are identified; (3) the transaction price
with consideration given to any variable
 noncash
 or other relevant consideration
 is determined; (4) the transaction price is
allocated to the performance obligations; and (5) revenue is recognized when control of goods or services is transferred to the
customer with consideration given
 whether that control happens over time or not. Determination of criteria (3) and (4) are based
on our management&rsquo;s judgments regarding the fixed nature of the selling prices of the products and services delivered and
the collectability of those amounts. The adoption of ASC 606 did not result in a change to the accounting for any of the in-scope
revenue streams; as such
 no cumulative effect adjustment was recorded.

Unearned
Revenue

Certain
amounts are received pursuant to agreements or contracts and may only be used in the conduct of specified transactions or the
related services are yet to be performed. These amounts are recorded as unearned or deferred revenue and are recognized as revenue
in the year/period the related expenses are incurred
 or services are performed. As of December 31
 2019
 and December 31
 2018
the Company had $0 in deferred revenue.

Leases


ASC
842
 Leases
 was required to be adopted for all financial years beginning after December 15
 2018 and requires long term leases
(longer than 12 month) to be capitalized with a corresponding liability for the term of the lease and expensed over that term.
Currently the Company has 2 long-term leases SDFO &amp; Seaport.

Shipping
and Handling Costs

The
Company&rsquo;s shipping costs are all recorded as operating expenses for all periods presented.

Disputed
Liabilities

The
Company is involved in a variety of disputes
 claims
 and proceedings concerning its business operations and certain liabilities.
We determine whether an estimated loss from a contingency should be accrued by assessing whether a loss is deemed probable and
can be reasonably estimated. We assess our potential liability by analyzing our litigation and regulatory matters using available
information. We develop our views on estimated losses in consultation with outside counsel handling our defense in these matters
which involves an analysis of potential results
 assuming a combination of litigation and settlement strategies. Should developments
in any of these matters cause a change in our determination as to an unfavorable outcome and result in the need to recognize a
material accrual or should any of these matters result in a final adverse judgment or be settled for significant amounts
 they
could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
 cash flows and financial position in the period or periods
in which such change in determination
 judgment or settlement occurs. As of December 31
 2020
 the Company has $31
858 in disputed
liabilities on its balance sheet.


    
    


Cash
Equivalents

The
Company considers highly liquid instruments with original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. As of December
31
 2020
 the Company had a cash balance of $58
233 in cash and cash equivalents
 compared to $315
957 on December 31
 2019.

Accounts
Receivable

Accounts
receivable are stated at net realizable value of $1
213
991. This value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible
accounts. The allowance is calculated based upon the level of past due accounts and the relationship with and financial status
of our customers. As of December 31
 2020
 the Company wrote off $14
588 of bad debt expense. The Company write off $323 during
the year ended December 31
 2019.



Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost or market value. Cost has been determined using the first-in
 first-out method. Inventory quantities
on-hand are regularly reviewed
 and where necessary
 reserves for excess and unusable inventories are recorded. Inventory consists
of finished goods and includes ice cream
 popsicles and the related packaging materials. As of December 31
 2020
 the Company
had total inventory assets of $1
216
562 consisting of fresh and frozen proteins and seafood and all other restaurants supply
items. As of December 31
 2019
 the Company has $830
504 in inventories.

Income
Taxes

Deferred
taxes are provided on an asset and liability method whereby deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences
and operating loss carry forwards and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences
are the difference between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax basis. Deferred tax assets are reduced
by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred
tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates
on the date of enactment.

Net
Income/(Loss) Per Common Share

Income/(loss)
per share of common stock is calculated by dividing the net income/(loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock
outstanding during the period. The Company has no potentially dilutive securities. Accordingly
 basic and dilutive income/(loss)
per common share are the same.

Property
and Equipment

Property
and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and includes expenditures that substantially increase the useful
lives of existing property and equipment. Maintenance
 repairs
 and minor renovations are expensed as incurred. Upon sale or retirement
of property and equipment
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are eliminated from the respective accounts and the resulting
gain or loss is included in the results of operations. The Company provides for depreciation of property and equipment using the
straight-line method over the estimated useful lives or the term of the lease
 as appropriate. The estimated useful lives are
as follows: vehicles
 five years; office furniture and equipment
 three to fifteen years; equipment
 three years.

Identifiable
Intangible Assets

As
of December 31
 2020
 the Company&rsquo;s Identifiable Intangible Assets are as follows:

Intangible
Assets

Identifiable
Intangible Assets

Trade
Name (San Diego Farmers Outlet) $193
000
Trade
Name (Seaport Meat) $449
000
Wholesale
Customer Relationships (San Diego Farmers Outlet) $226
000
Wholesale
Customer Relationships (Seaport Meat) $2
334
239
Total
Identifiable Intangible Assets $3
189
371


    
    




Assembled
Workforce $21
000
Unidentified
Intangible Value $470
000
Total
Goodwill $491
000

Total
Accumulated Amortization is $265
017.

Total
Intangible Assets $ 3
468
222

Management
does not believe that there is an impairment as of 2020.

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

The
carrying amounts of the Company&rsquo;s financial instruments
 which include cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 and
accrued expenses are representative of their fair values due to the short-term maturity of these instruments.

Concentration
of Credit Risk

Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash and accounts receivable.
The Company maintains cash balances at financial institutions within the United States which are insured by the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation (&ldquo;FDIC&rdquo;) up to limits of approximately $250
000. The Company has not experienced any losses
with regard to its bank accounts and believes it is not exposed to any risk of loss on its cash bank accounts.

Critical
Accounting Policies

The
Company considers revenue recognition and the valuation of accounts receivable
 allowance for doubtful accounts
 and inventory
and reserves as its significant accounting policies. Some of these policies require management to make estimates and assumptions
that may affect the reported amounts in the Company&rsquo;s financial statements.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

In
June 2009
 the FASB established the Accounting Standards Codification (&ldquo;Codification&rdquo; or &ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) as the
source of authoritative accounting principles recognized by the FASB to be applied by nongovernmental entities in the preparation
of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;).
Rules and interpretive releases of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) issued under authority of federal
securities laws are also sources of GAAP for SEC registrants. Existing GAAP was not intended to be changed as a result of the
Codification
 and accordingly the change did not impact our financial statements. The ASC does change the way the guidance is
organized and presented.

In
May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). The core principle of this amendment
is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that
reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods and services. This standard
is effective for fiscal years and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016. In August 2015
 the FASB issued
ASU 2015-14
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date. The amendments in this update
deferred the effective date for implementation of ASU 2014-09 by one year and is now effective for annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15
 2017.


    
    


In
April 2015
 FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (&ldquo;ASU&rdquo;) No. 2015-03
 &ldquo;Interest &ndash; Imputation of Interest
(Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs&rdquo;
 to simplify presentation of debt issuance costs
by requiring that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction
from the carrying amount of that debt liability
 consistent with debt discounts. The ASU does not affect the recognition and measurement
guidance for debt issuance costs. For public companies
 the ASU is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years
beginning after December 15
 2015
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted.

In
April 2015
 FASB issued ASU No. 2015-04
 &ldquo;Compensation &ndash; Retirement Benefits (Topic 715): Practical Expedient for
the Measurement Date of an Employer&rsquo;s Defined Benefit Obligation and Plan Assets&rdquo;
 which permits the entity to measure
defined benefit plan assets and obligations using the month-end that is closest to the entity&rsquo;s fiscal year-end and apply
that practical expedient consistently from year to year. The ASU is effective for public business entities for financial statements
issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2015
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is
permitted.

In
April 2015
 FASB issued ASU No. 2015-05
 &ldquo;Intangibles &ndash; Goodwill and Other &ndash; Internal-Use Software (Subtopic
350-40): Customer&rsquo;s Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement&rdquo;
 which provides guidance to customers
about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If such includes a software license
 then the customer
should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses.
If the arrangement does not include a software license
 the customer should account for it as a service contract. For public business
entities
 the ASU is effective for annual periods
 including interim periods within those annual periods
 beginning after December
15
 2015. Early application is permitted. We are currently reviewing the provisions of this ASU to determine if there will be
any impact on our results of operations
 cash flows or financial condition.

In
April 2015
 FASB issued ASU No. 2015-06
 &ldquo;Earnings Per Share (Topic 260): Effects on Historical Earnings per Unit of Master
Limited Partnership Dropdown Transactions&rdquo;
 which specifies that
 for purposes of calculating historical earnings per unit
under the two-class method
 the earnings (losses) of a transferred business before the date of a drop down transaction should
be allocated entirely to the general partner. In that circumstance
 the previously reported earnings per unit of the limited partners
(which is typically the earnings per unit measure presented in the financial statements) would not change as a result of the dropdown
transaction. Qualitative disclosures about how the rights to the earnings (losses) differ before and after the dropdown transaction
occurs for purposes of computing earnings per unit under the two-class method also are required. The ASU is effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15
 2015
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Earlier application is permitted.

In
June 2014
 FASB issued ASU No. 2014-10
 &ldquo;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting
Requirements
 Including an Amendment to Variable Interest Entities Guidance in Topic 810
 Consolidation&rdquo;. The update removes
all incremental financial reporting requirements from GAAP for development stage entities
 including the removal of Topic 915
from the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. In addition
 the update adds an example disclosure in Risks and Uncertainties
(Topic 275) to illustrate one way that an entity that has not begun planned principal operations could provide information about
the risks and uncertainties related to the company&rsquo;s current activities. Furthermore
 the update removes an exception provided
to development stage entities in Consolidations (Topic 810) for determining whether an entity is a variable interest entity-which
may change the consolidation analysis
 consolidation decision
 and disclosure requirements for a company that has an interest
in a company in the development stage. The update is effective for the annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014
including interim periods therein. Early application is permitted with the first annual reporting period or interim period for
which the entity&rsquo;s financial statements have not yet been issued (Public business entities) or made available for issuance
(other entities). Our company adopted this pronouncement.


    
    


In
June 2014
 FASB issued ASU No. 2014-12
 &ldquo;Compensation &ndash; Stock Compensation (Topic 718); Accounting for Share-Based
Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period&rdquo;.
The amendments in this ASU apply to all reporting entities that grant their employees share-based payments in which the terms
of the award provide that a performance target that affects vesting could be achieved after the requisite service period. The
amendments require that a performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period
be treated as a performance condition. A reporting entity should apply existing guidance in Topic 718 as it relates to awards
with performance conditions that affect vesting to account for such awards. For all entities
 the amendments in this ASU are effective
for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15
 2015. Earlier adoption is permitted.
Entities may apply the amendments in this ASU either (a) prospectively to all awards granted or modified after the effective date
or (b) retrospectively to all awards with performance targets that are outstanding as of the beginning of the earliest annual
period presented in the financial statements and to all new or modified awards thereafter. If retrospective transition is adopted
the cumulative effect of applying this Update as of the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in the financial statements
should be recognized as an adjustment to the opening retained earnings balance at that date. Additionally
 if retrospective transition
is adopted
 an entity may use hindsight in measuring and recognizing the compensation cost. This updated guidance is not expected
to have a material impact on our results of operations
 cash flows or financial condition.

In
August 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15 on &ldquo;Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) &ndash;
Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&rsquo;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern&rdquo;. Currently
 there is no guidance
in GAAP about management&rsquo;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&rsquo;s ability
to continue as a going concern or to provide related footnote disclosures. The amendments in this Update provide that guidance.
In doing so
 the amendments are intended to reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments
require management to assess an entity&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain
principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards. Specifically
 the amendments (1) provide a definition of the term substantial
doubt
 (2) require an evaluation every reporting period including interim periods
 (3) provide principles for considering the
mitigating effect of management&rsquo;s plans
 (4) require certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result
of consideration of management&rsquo;s plans
 (5) require an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is
not alleviated
 and (6) require an assessment for a period of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued
(or available to be issued).

All
other newly issued accounting pronouncements which are not yet effective have been deemed either immaterial or not applicable.

We
reviewed all other recently issued accounting pronouncements and determined these have no current applicability to the Company
or their effect on the financial statements would not have been significant.



The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As shown
in the accompanying consolidated financial statements
 the Company has incurred a net loss of $5
861
821 for the year ended December
31
 2020 and has an accumulated deficit of $16
063
780 as of December 31
 2020.

In
order to continue as a going concern
 the Company will need
 among other things
 additional capital resources. The Company is
significantly dependent upon its ability
 and will continue to attempt
 to secure equity and/or additional debt financing. There
are no assurances that the Company will be successful and without sufficient financing it would be unlikely for the Company to
continue as a going concern.

The
audited consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of
recorded assets
 or the amounts of and classification of liabilities that might be necessary in the event the Company cannot continue
in existence. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. These
audited consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might arise from this uncertainty.



As
of December 31
 2020
 the Company had inventory assets for a total of $1
216
562. Inventory of $830
504 was recorded as of December
31
 2019.


    
    


PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Property
plant and equipment at December 31
 2020 and December 31
 2019
 consisted of:



    

 2020

 2019

    
11
788
11
788

    
23
908
    

    
29
673
25
000

    
3
000
3
000

    
2
871
2
871

    
24
865
24
865

    
34
213
34
213

    
30
181
30
181

    
30
181
30
181

    
29
592
30
181

    
994
540
913
696

    
66
932
    

    
62
400
62
400

    
409
108
409
108

    
(583
810
(99
815

    
    
    

    
1
169
441
1
477
668


Depreciation
and Amortization expense for the year ended December 31
 2020 was $696
114 compared to $229
036 for the same period of December
31
 2019.



As
of December 31
 2020
 the Company had accrued expenses of $902
442 compared to $714
962 for the year ended December 31
 2019.



The
Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method
 which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets
and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements. Under
this method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined on the basis of the differences between the financial statement
and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to
reverse.



The
following table presents a summary of the Company&rsquo;s promissory notes issued to related parties as of December 31
 2019:



    
    
    
    

    
150
000
    
46
474

    
500
000
    
391
521

    
10
000
    
10
000

    
10
000
    
10
000

    
10
000
    
6
000

    
16
000
    
16
000

    
696
000
    
479
995



    
    


The
following description represent note payable-related party transaction pre-Share Exchange that were assumed by the Company as
a condition to the Share Exchange:

In
January 2011
 MGD
 which is now a majority owned subsidiary of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings
 entered into an unsecured promissory note
with Mrs. Masjedi
 who is now the Company&rsquo;s President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Interim Chief Financial Officer
 director
and majority stockholder. The note had a principal balance of $150
000 with an interest rate of 3% and has a maturity date of
December 31
 2022. The balance of the note at December 31
 2020 was $46
474.

On
February 21
 2012
 Sn&ouml;bar Holdings entered into an unsecured promissory note with Mr. Shenkman
 who is Chairman of the Board
of Directors and a shareholder of the Company. The note had a principal balance of $10
000 with an interest rate of 5% and is
due on demand. The note&rsquo;s maturity date has subsequently been extended to December 31
 2022. Interest against the note was
extinguished in a subsequent extension of the term. The note had a principal balance of $10
000 as of December 31
 2020.

On
February 23
 2012
 Sn&ouml;bar Holdings entered into a promissory note with Mr. Shenkman for $10
000
 maturing in one year at
an interest of 8%. The note has subsequently been extended to December 31
 2022. Interest under the note was extinguished in a
subsequent extension of the term. The note had an outstanding balance of $10
000 as of December 31
 2020.

On
March 14
 2013
 Sn&ouml;bar Holdings entered into an unsecured promissory note with a Mr. Shenkman
 the Company&rsquo;s Chairman
of the Board of Directors. The note had a principal balance of $10
000 with an interest rate of 5% and an original maturity date
of March 14
 2014
 subsequently extended to December 31
 2022 with a lower interest rate of 2%/year. Mr. Shenkman also agreed
to make all interest retroactive and deferred. The note had an outstanding balance of $6
000 as of December 31
 2020.

On
June 1
 2013
 Sn&ouml;bar Holdings entered into a promissory note with Azizollah Masjedi
 father-in-law to Shannon Masjedi who&rsquo;s
the Company&rsquo;s President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Interim Chief Financial Officer
 director and majority stockholder
 in
an amount of $500
000 to purchase all the shares and interests of IPIC. The note matured on June 31
 2017. As of December 31
2020
 the outstanding balance under this note was $391
521
 which includes interest and penalty charges.

On
September 9
 2014
 Snobar Holdings entered into a second unsecured promissory note with Mr. Shenkman
 through his affiliate company
Entrust Group for a total amount of $6
000 and a third unsecured promissory note for a total amount of $10
000
 both at an annual
interest rate of 2%. No term was provided for in each note
 but Mr. Shenkman has agreed to a maturity date of December 31
 2022
and the accrual of interest rates and deferral to maturity. The notes had an aggregate outstanding balance of $16
000 as of December
31
 2020.

As
of December 31
 2020
 the Company had total short-term notes payable of $1
969
853 and long-term notes payable of $10
583
853.

9.
NOTES PAYABLE

The
following table presents a summary of the Company&rsquo;s promissory notes issued to unrelated third parties as of December 31
2020:



    
    
    
    

    
86
821
    
86
821

    
15
000
    
15
000

    
10
000
    
10
000

    
144
000
    
135
696

    
106
112
    
125
247

    
223
499
    
191
753

    
30
000
    
25
000

    
73
473
    
380
051


 Investments
75
000
    
19
911

    
168
500
    
168
500


 Inc.
850
000
    
850
000

    
509
700
    
509
700

    
309
900
    
309
900

    
64
678
    
62
231

    
2
150
000
    
2
980
815

    
3
000
000
    
6
202
086

    
7
816
633
    
12
073
711



    
    


The
following description represent unrelated notes payable transactions pre-reverse merger between Sn&ouml;bar and the Company that
were assumed by the Company as a condition to the Share Exchange Agreement:

In
February 2012
 MGD entered into an unsecured promissory note with a certain unrelated party
 now a shareholder of the Company
for a principal balance of $30
000 at in interest rate of 8% per year and maturity date of August 1
 2014. The note&rsquo;s maturity
date has been extended to December 31
 2020 and the interest rate under the extinguished as part of the extension. The note had
an outstanding balance of $25
000 as of December 31
 2020.

On
March 14
 2013
 Sn&ouml;bar Holdings entered into an unsecured promissory note with a certain unrelated third party
 now a shareholder
of the Company. The note had a principal balance of $86
821 with an interest rate of 5% and had a maturity date of March 14
 2014.
The note&rsquo;s maturity date has subsequently been extended to February 1
 2020. The entire balance is owed and outstanding
as of December 31
 2020.

On
July 22
 2013
 Sn&ouml;bar Holdings entered into an unsecured promissory note with a certain unrelated third party. The note had
a principal balance of $15
000 with an original interest rate of 5%. Maturity date has been extended to December 31
 2018
 and
interest rate has been reduced to 2%
 and lender agreed to make all interest retroactive and deferred. The balance of the note
was $15
000 as of December 31
 2020.

The
following description represents unrelated note payable transactions post-merger between Sn&ouml;bar and the Company:

On
July 12
 2017
 the issued a Convertible Promissory Note to JSJ Investments Inc. for total gross proceeds of $75
000. The company
entered into a mutually agreed upon settlement agreement that called out for monthly payments of $3
359.90. All payments are current
and the balance on the note as of December 31
 2020 was $19
911. There is no conversion feature to this settlement and only cash
payment.

In
August 2020
 the Company entered into a financing arrangement with Power Up Lending pursuant to which the Company borrowed a total
principal of $168
500 secured by shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. The notes were subject to a 6 month hold before any
stock was issued. The current balance as of December 31
 2020 is $168
500.&nbsp;

Over
the past year Classic Beverage has periodically issued loans to the Company. The Company has agreed to pay interest 10% per year
and has agreed on penalty fees if late on payments. The note is due on demand. The current balance is $380
051
 including capitalized
interests and penalty fees.

On
May 1
 2018
 Pacific Ventures Group entered into a secured promissory note with TCA Global Master Fund. The note was secured by
interests in tangible and intangible property of Pacific Ventures Group. The effective interest rate on the note is 16%. The outstanding
balance of the notes with TCA Global Fund for San Diego Farmers Outlet is $2
980
815 as of December 31
 2019
 which includes capitalized
interests.

On
December 17
 2019 Pacific Ventures Group entered into a secured promissory note with TCA Special Situations Credit Strategies
ICAV. The note was secured by interests in tangible and intangible property of Pacific Ventures Group. The effective interest
rate is 16%. The outstanding balance of the notes for Seaport Meat is $6
202
086 as of December 31
 2020
 which includes capitalized
interests.


    
    


On
May 20
 2020
 The Company entered into a SBA loan and SBA PPP note in the amounts of $309
900 and $509
700
 respectively as a
result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The note is current
 and the Company believes that this not will be forgiven by the SBA. The
standards set forth for forgiveness have been met and exceeded to order to obtain forgiveness by the SBA. The Company&rsquo;s
forgiveness application is pending.

On
July 20
2020
 Seaport Group Enterprises LLC entered into a note in the amount of $64
678.00 for a new piece of machinery in order
to upgrade the processing line. The note is payable monthly in installment payments of $1500.00. As of September 30
 2020
 the
note is current.

On
December 8
 2019
 The Company entered into a Seller Carryback note with PNC Inc in the amount of $850
000. The note was due in
three installment payments over 18 months. As of December 31
 2020&nbsp;no payments have been made toward the outstanding balance.

As
of December 31
 2019
 the Company had total short-term notes payable of $1
362
605 and long-term notes payable of $8
669
129.

As
of December 31
 2020
 the Company had short-term notes payable of $1
969
853 and long-term notes payable of $10
583
853.

10.
Purchase Receivables 

In
September
 October and November 2020
 Seaport Group Enterprises LLC and CapCall entered into a revenue based factoring agreement
and received an aggregate of $1
000
000 in exchange for $1
300
000 of future receipts relating to monies collected from customers
or other third-party payors. Under the terms of the agreement
 the Company is required to make payments of $21
500
 $13
000 and
$8
995. As of December 31
 2020 the balance was $820
515.

In
November 2020
 Seaport Group Enterprises LLC and Fox Capital entered into a revenue based factoring agreement and received an
aggregate of $475
000 in exchange for $607
500 of future receipts relating to monies collected from customers or other third-party
payors. Under the terms of the agreement
 the Company is required to make daily payments to $4
050. As of December 31
 2020 the
balance was $538
650.

The
following table presents a summary of the Company&rsquo;s purchase receivables with unrelated third parties as of December 31
2020:



    
    
    
    

    
1
000
000
    
820
515

    
607
500
    
538
650

    
    
    
    

    
1
607
500
    
1
359
165


As
of December 31
 2020
 the Company had a total of $1
359
165 of purchase receivables.

11.
STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; EQUITY

Share
Exchange

On
August 14
 2015
 Sn&ouml;bar Holdings entered into the Share Exchange Agreement with the Company and Sn&ouml;bar Holdings&rsquo;
shareholders (the &ldquo;Sn&ouml;bar Shareholders&rdquo;) who held of record (i) at least 99% and up to 100% of the total issued
and outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock and (ii) 100% of the total issued and outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock
of Sn&ouml;bar Holding. In accordance with the terms and provisions of the Share Exchange Agreement
 the Company acquired all
of the issued and outstanding shares of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings&rsquo; Class A and Class B Common Stock from Sn&ouml;bar Shareholders
with Sn&ouml;bar Holdings becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company
 in exchange for the issuance to the Sn&ouml;bar Shareholders
of 22
500
000 shares of restricted common stock of the Company and the issuance of 2
500
000 restricted shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock to certain other persons (as set forth below).


    
    


The
15
728
136 restricted shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock issued during the fiscal year ended December 31
 2020 were for
the following: issued 5
728
570 for issued shares of its common stock for services and 10
000
000 of common stocks in exchange
of 1
000
000 Preferred &ldquo;E&rdquo; shares. On April 13
 2020
 the Company authorized a 1-for-500 reverse stock split.

Common
Stock and Preferred Stock

The
Company is authorized to issue up to 10
000
000 shares of its preferred stock
 $0.001 par value per share. The Company designated
6
000
000 shares of preferred stock as Series E Preferred Stock (the &ldquo;Series E Preferred Stock&rdquo;). Under the rights
preferences and privileges of the Series E Preferred Stock
 for every share of Series E Preferred Stock held
 the holder thereof
has the voting rights equal to 10 shares of common stock. As of December 31
 2020
 there were 5
000
000 shares of Series E Preferred
Stock issued and outstanding.

From
January 1
 2020 through December 31
 2020
 the Company issued 5
728
570 shares of its common stock in exchange for various services
and 10
000
000 shares in exchange of 1
000
000 Series E preferred shares.
From
January 1
 2020 through December 31
 2020
 the Company issued no shares of its common stock for repayment of debt.

The
Company is authorized to issue up to 900
000
000 shares of its common stock
 $0.4988 par value per share. Holders of common stock
have one vote per share. As of December 31
 2019
 and 2020
 there were 570
859
333 and 16
871
351 shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock issued and outstanding
 respectively. On April 13
 2020
 the Company authorized a 1-for-500 reverse stock split of
its common shares.

12.
COMMITMENTS
 CONTINGENCIES AND UNCERTAINTIES

Operating
Lease

The
Company is currently obligated under two operating leases for office spaces and associated building expenses. Both leases are
on a month-to-month basis at a monthly rate of $450 and $330
 respectively.

SDFO
operations are located at 10407 Friars Rd
 San Diego
 CA 92110
 where they occupy an aggregate of approximately 10
000 square
feet pursuant to leases. The 5-year leases are on an annual basis at a monthly rate of $6
000 per month.

Seaport
Group Enterprise LLC is located at 2533 Folex Way
 Spring Valley CA 91978
 where they occupy an aggregate of approximately 12
000
square feet pursuant to the lease. The 5-year leases are on an annual basis starting at a monthly rate of $14
750.00 per month.

San
Diego Farmers Outlet and Seaport Meat Company Operating Leases 

The
Company on May 1
 2018 assumed a lease agreement for a facility site and entered into a lease agreement for office space for San
Diego Farmers Outlet. The lease has a term of five years expiring on April 30
 2023.

Future
minimum lease payments
 as set forth in the lease
 are below:



    
    

    
72
000

    
72
000

    
72
000

    
24
000



    
    


The
Company on December 1
 2019 entered into a lease agreement for a facility site for office space for Seaport Meat Company. The
lease has a term of five years expiring on November 30
 2024.

Future
minimum lease payments
 as set forth in the lease
 are below:



    
    

    
177
000

    
177
000

    
177
000

    
177
000

    
162
250


Concentration
Risk

The
Company is potentially subject to concentration risk in its sales revenue and from a major supplier of goods for sale.

Major
Customer

The
Company has one major customer that accounted for approximately 42.05% and $11
543
363 of sales for the year ended December 31
2020. The Company expects to maintain this relationship with the customer.

Major
Vendor

The
Company has one major vendor that accounted for approximately 25% and $5
888
519 of cost of sales for the year ended December
31
 2020. The Company expects to maintain this relationship with the vendor.

13.
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

On
November 3
 2017
 the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors approved the Company&rsquo;s 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;2017
Plan&rdquo;)
 which reserves a total of 1
500
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock for issuance under the 2017 Plan.
Incentive awards authorized under the 2017 Plan include
 but are not limited to
 incentive stock options within the meaning of
Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended
 subject to the approval of the 2017 Plan by the Company&rsquo;s
stockholders. If an incentive award granted under the 2017 Plan expires
 terminates
 is unexercised or is forfeited
 or if any
shares are surrendered to us in connection with the exercise of an incentive award
 the shares subject to such award and the surrendered
shares will become available for further awards under the 2017 Plan. All of the shares under the 2017 Plan were registered in
the Company&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 21
 2017
(the &ldquo;Form S-8&rdquo;).

14.
SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

ASC
855-16-50-4 establishes accounting and disclosure requirements for subsequent events. ASC 855 details the period after the balance
sheet date during which we should evaluate events or transactions that occur for potential recognition or disclosure in the financial
statements
 the circumstances under which we should recognize events or transactions occurring after the balance sheet date in
its financial statements and the required disclosures for such events.

The
Company has evaluated all subsequent events through the date these consolidated financial statements were issued
 and determined
the following are material to disclose.


    
    




ITEM
    9.
CHANGES
    IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE






ITEM
    9A.
CONTROLS
    AND PROCEDURES


Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our
management
 under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer performed an evaluation (the
&ldquo;Evaluation&rdquo;) of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Disclosure controls and procedures include
 without
limitation
 controls and procedures designed to provide a reasonable level of assurance that information required to be disclosed
by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
 within the
time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms
 and is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our
principal executive and principal financial officers
 or persons performing similar functions
 as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on that evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded
that
 as of December 31
 2020
 due to the presence of material weaknesses described below
 our disclosure controls and procedures
were ineffective because of the material weaknesses described below.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing
 there can be no assurance that our disclosure controls and procedures will detect or uncover all failures of persons
within our Company and our consolidated subsidiaries to disclose material information otherwise required to be set forth in our
periodic reports. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures
 including
the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures. Accordingly
 even effective
disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance of achieving their control objectives.

Management&rsquo;s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting for our Company. Internal
control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed
by
 or under the supervision of
 our principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our board of directors
management and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies
and procedures that:



    
    
Pertain
    to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of
    the assets of the company;

    
    
    

    
    
Provide
    reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
    with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance
    with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and

    
    
    

    
    
Provide
    reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of the company&rsquo;s
    assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


Because
of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


    
    


Internal
control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its
inherent limitations. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and
is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failure. Internal control over financial reporting can also
be circumvented by collusion or improper management override. Because of such limitations
 there is a risk that material misstatements
may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However
 these inherent limitations
are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore
 it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce
though not eliminate
 this risk.

We
assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2020. In making this assessment
our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations (&ldquo;COSO&rdquo;) of the Treadway Commission&rsquo;s
Internal Control-Integrated Framework. The following material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting continued
to exist at December 31
 2020:



    
    
Written documentation
    of key internal controls over financial reporting is a requirement of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act;

    
    
    

    
    
we outsourced the
    functions of the principal financial officer on an interim basis to assist us in implementing the necessary financial controls
    over the financial reporting and the utilization of internal management and staff to effectuate these controls;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
we do not have an
    independent audit committee of our board of directors; and

    
    
    


We
believe that these material weaknesses primarily relate
 in part
 to our lack of sufficient staff with appropriate training in
GAAP and SEC rules and regulations with respect to financial reporting functions
 and the lack of robust accounting systems
 as
well as the lack of sufficient resources to hire such staff and implement these accounting systems.

Pending
obtaining sufficient resources to implement these measures
 we plan to take a number of actions to correct these material weaknesses
including
 but not limited to
 establishing an audit committee of our board of directors comprised of three independent directors
adding experienced accounting and financial personnel and retaining third-party consultants to review our internal controls and
recommend improvements. However
 we may need to take additional measures to fully mitigate these issues
 and the measures we have
taken
 and expect to take
 to improve our internal controls may not be sufficient to (1) address the issues identified
 (2) ensure
that our internal controls are effective or (3) ensure that the identified material weakness or other material weaknesses will
not result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements.

It
should be noted that any system of controls
 however well designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable and not absolute
assurance that the objectives of the system are met. In addition
 the design of any control system is based in part upon certain
assumptions about the likelihood of certain events. Because of these and other inherent limitations of control systems
 there
can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions
 regardless
of how remote.

Attestation
Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Our management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting
firm pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act that permanently exempted smaller reporting companies from the auditor attestation requirement.

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

An
evaluation was performed under the supervision of our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial
Officer
 of whether any change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) occurred during the quarter ended December 31
 2019. Based on that evaluation
 our management
 including our Chief
Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer
 concluded that there were no changes in our internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the fourth fiscal quarter ended December 31
 2019 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably
likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.


    
    


CEO
and CFO Certifications

Exhibits
31.1 and 31.2 to this Annual Report are the Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and the Interim Chief Financial Officer
respectively. These Certifications are required in accordance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (the &ldquo;Section 302
Certifications&rdquo;). This Item 9A. of this Annual Report
 which you are currently reading
 is the information concerning the
Evaluation referred to above and in the Section 302 Certifications and this information should be read in conjunction with the
Section 302 Certifications for a more complete understanding of the topics presented.



ITEM
    9B.
OTHER
    INFORMATION





    
    


PART
III



ITEM
    10.
DIRECTORS
    EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


Officers
and Board of Directors

The
following individuals serve as executive officers and directors of Pacific Ventures as of March 28
 2018:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Shannon
    Masjedi 
    
    
    
President
    Chief Executive Officer
 Interim Chief Financial Officer
 Secretary and Director

    
    
    
    
    

Marc
    Shenkman
    
    
    
Chairman
    of the Board of Directors


(1)
In October 2017
 Mrs. Masjedi was appointed as the Company&rsquo;s Interim Chief Financial Officer.

Our
directors are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until
removed from office in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until
removed by the board. All officers and directors listed above will remain in office until the next annual meeting of our stockholders
and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. There are no agreements with respect to the election of Directors.
Our Board of Directors appoints officers annually and each Executive Officer serves at the discretion of our Board of Directors.

At
this time
 we do not have a written employment agreement and/or a formal compensation agreement with our new officers and directors.
Compensation arrangements are the subject of ongoing development and we will make appropriate additional disclosures as they are
further developed and formalized.

Marc
. Mr. Shenkman
 as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Pacific Ventures
 is responsible for
 among other things
the general oversight of the affairs of Pacific Ventures
 has corporate oversight of all of its business
 including implementation
of long-term plans
 and preside when present at all meetings of the stockholders and the Board of Directors. Mr. Shenkman has
served as a director of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings since January 2013. From year 2000 to present
 Mr. Shenkman worked as the President
of Priority Financial Network. Priority Financial Network is a mortgage brokerage company that closes FHA
 and &ldquo;A&rdquo;
through &ldquo;D&rdquo; residential and commercial loans over the past several years. In 2020
 Priority Financial Network
 has
produced loans totaling almost $1.67 billion and has over 300 employees and loan officers. Mr. Shenkman graduated from the University
of Vermont with a Bachelor of Arts in Economics and a Bachelor of Arts in Political Science. Mr. Shenkman brings knowledge and
experience in the banking and financial industries. His experience in the financial markets will help Pacific Ventures Group navigate
in the public marketplace. Mr. Shenkman does not hold
 and has not previously held
 any directorships in any other reporting companies.
Mr. Shenkman was a member of Raynol LLC which filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in May 2010
 which bankruptcy was dismissed (not
discharged) in May 2012.

Shannon
. Mrs. Masjedi
 as President
 Chief Executive Officer and Secretary of Pacific Ventures
 will be responsible for
among other things
 subject to the supervision and direction of the Board of Directors of Pacific Ventures
 the general management
and control of its specified day-to-day business operations
 and implementing its short and long term plans
 and
 as Secretary
of Pacific Ventures
 will be responsible for
 among other things
 attending all meeting of the stockholders
 the Board
 and
 as
required
 committees of the Board and recording all the proceedings of such meetings in books to be kept for that purpose.

Mrs.
Masjedi has served as a director and Chairman of the Board of Directors
 Chief Executive Officer
 President
 Vice President
 Treasurer
Chief Financial Officer
 Secretary of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings since January 2013. From June 1
 2010 to present
 Mrs. Masjedi worked
as a director of operations for IPIC
 where she implemented all current operating platforms including development of Sn&ouml;Bar
product line
 packaging and research and development and oversaw all day-to-day operations of IPIC as well as managing all the
contractors of IPIC. Mrs. Masjedi was in charge of all compliance and regulatory issues for IPIC and obtained all necessary licenses
for IPIC to distribute and export products worldwide.


    
    


Mrs.
Masjedi attended Arizona State University where she studied Aeronautical Technology. Mrs. Masjedi also attended flight school
and obtained her pilot&rsquo;s license. Mrs. Masjedi has had extensive experience with creating the distribution platform for
the Sn&ouml;Bar product line in the alcohol industry. Her knowledge in the frozen ice cream category and alcohol category combined
make her indispensable to Pacific Ventures. Mrs. Masjedi has long standing relationships within these industries which allow Snobar
products to be distributed efficiently. Mrs. Masjedi does not hold
 and has not previously held
 any directorships in any other
reporting companies. In 2010
 Mrs. Masjedi filed for Chapter 7 personal bankruptcy
 which was discharged in August 2011.

Committees
of our Board of Directors

Our
securities are not quoted on an exchange that has requirements that a majority of our Board members be independent
 and we are
not currently otherwise subject to any law
 rule or regulation requiring that all or any portion of our Board of Directors include
&ldquo;independent&rdquo; directors
 nor are we required to establish or maintain an Audit Committee or other committee of our
Board of Directors.

We
have not established any committees
 including an Audit Committee
 a Compensation Committee or a Nominating Committee
 any committee
performing a similar function. The functions of those committees are being undertaken by Board of Directors as a whole. Because
we have only two directors
 none of whom are independent
 we believe that the establishment of these committees would be more
form over substance.

We
do not have a policy regarding the consideration of any director candidates which may be recommended by our stockholders
 including
the minimum qualifications for director candidates
 nor has our Board of Directors established a process for identifying and evaluating
director nominees. We have not adopted a policy regarding the handling of any potential recommendation of director candidates
by our stockholders
 including the procedures to be followed. Our Board has not considered or adopted any of these policies as
we have never received a recommendation from any stockholder for any candidate to serve on our Board of Directors. Given our relative
size and lack of directors and officers insurance coverage
 we do not anticipate that any of our stockholders will make such a
recommendation in the near future. While there have been no nominations of additional directors proposed
 in the event such a
proposal is made
 all members of our Board will participate in the consideration of director nominees. In considering a director
nominee
 it is likely that our Board will consider the professional and/or educational background of any nominee with a view towards
how this person might bring a different viewpoint or experience to our Board.

None
of our directors is an &ldquo;audit committee financial expert&rdquo; within the meaning of Item 401(e) of Regulation S-K. In
general
 an &ldquo;audit committee financial expert&rdquo; is an individual member of the audit committee or Board of Directors
who:



    
    
understands
    generally U.S. GAAP and financial statements


    
    
is
    able to assess the general application of such principles in connection with accounting for estimates
 accruals and reserves


    
    
has
    experience preparing
 auditing
 analyzing or evaluating financial statements comparable to the breadth and complexity to our
    financial statements


    
    
understands
    internal controls over financial reporting
 and

    
    
understands
    audit committee functions.


Indemnification
of Directors and Officers

Section
145 of the Delaware Corporation Law provides in relevant parts as follows:

(1)
A corporation shall have power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened
pending
 or completed action
 suit
 or proceeding
 whether civil
 criminal
 administrative
 or investigative (other than an action
by or in the right of the corporation) by reason of the fact that he is or was a director
 officer
 employee
 or agent of the
corporation
 or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director
 officer
 employee
 or agent of another corporation
partnership
 joint venture
 trust
 or other enterprise
 against expenses (including attorneys&rsquo; fees)
 judgments
 fines
and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such action
 suit
 or proceeding if
he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation
and
 with respect to any criminal action or proceeding
 had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. The termination
of any action
 suit
 or proceeding by judgment
 order
 settlement
 conviction
 or on a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent
shall not
 of itself
 create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed
to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation
 and with respect to any criminal action or proceeding
 had reasonable
cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.


    
    


(2)
A corporation shall have power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened
pending
 or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the
fact that he is or was a director
 officer
 employee
 or agent of the corporation
 or is or was serving at the request of the
corporation as a director
 officer
 employee
 or agent of another corporation
 partnership
 joint venture
 trust
 or other enterprise
against expenses (including attorneys&rsquo; fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense or settlement
of such action or suit if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests
of the corporation and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim
 issue
 or matter as to which such
person shall have been adjudged to be liable for negligence or misconduct in the performance of his duty to the corporation unless
and only to the extent that the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine on application that
 despite the
adjudication of liability but in view of all circumstances of the case
 such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity
for such expenses which such court shall deem proper.

(3)
To the extent that a director
 officer
 employee
 or agent of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in
defense of any action
 suit
 or proceeding referred to in (1) or (2) of this subsection
 or in defense of any claim
 issue or
matter therein
 he shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys&rsquo; fees) actually and reasonably incurred by
him in connection therewith.

(4)
The indemnification provided by this section shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification
may be entitled under any bylaws
 agreement
 vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise
 both as to action in
his official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office
 and shall continue as to a person who has
ceased to be a director
 officer
 employee
 or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs
 executors
 and administrators
of such a person.

The
foregoing discussion of indemnification merely summarizes certain aspects of indemnification provisions and is limited by reference
to the above discussed sections of the Delaware Corporation Law.

The
Company&rsquo;s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws provide that the Company &ldquo;may indemnify&rdquo; to the full extent
of its power to do so
 all directors
 officers
 employees
 and/or agents. It is anticipated that the Company will indemnify its
officer and director to the full extent permitted by the above-quoted statute.

Insofar
as indemnification by the Company for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to officers and directors
of the Company pursuant to the foregoing provisions or otherwise
 the Company is aware that in the opinion of the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;)
 such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities
Act and is
 therefore
 unenforceable.

Family
Relationships

There
are no family relationships between or among any of our directors or executive officers or persons nominated or chosen by us to
become directors or executive officers.

Where
You Can Find More Information

We
file with the SEC
 located on 100 F Street NE
 Washington
 D.C. 20549
 Current Reports on Form 8-K
 Quarterly Reports on Form
10-Q
 Annual Reports on Form 10-K
 and other reports
 statements and information as required under the Exchange Act. The reports
statements and other information that we have filed with the SEC may be read and copied at the SEC&rsquo;s Public Reference Room
at 100 F Street NE
 Washington
 D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by
calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330.


    
    


The
SEC maintains a web site (http://www.sec.gov.) that contains the registration statements
 reports
 proxy and information statements
and other information regarding registrants that file electronically with the SEC such as us. You may access our SEC filings electronically
at this SEC website. These SEC filings are also available to the public from commercial document retrieval services.



ITEM
    11.
EXECUTIVE
    COMPENSATION


Pacific
Ventures Compensation

The
following table sets forth certain compensation information for: (i) Pacific Ventures&rsquo; principal executive officer serving
in such capacity during fiscal years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018; (ii) our two most highly compensated executive officers
other than our principal executive officer who were serving as executive officers at December 31
 2019 and 2018; and (iii) up
to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been required but for the fact that the individual was not serving
as an executive officer at December 31
 2019 and 2018. Compensation information is shown for the fiscal years ended December 31
2019 and 2018:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Bob Smith
 CEO 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 CEO
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 CEO
    
385
000
    
    
    
    
385
000


(1)
Mr. Smith was terminated as CEO in March 2017.

Sn&ouml;bar
Holdings Compensation

The
following table sets forth certain compensation information for: (i) San Diego Farmers Outlet&rsquo; and Seaport Meat Company
principal executive officer serving in such capacity during the fiscal years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019; (ii) Pacific Ventures
Group&rsquo; two most highly compensated executive officers other than its principal executive officer who were serving as executive
officers at December 31
 2020 and 2019; and (iii) up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been required
but for the fact that the individual was not serving as an executive officer at December 31
 2020 and 2019. Compensation information
is shown for the fiscal years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019:




Name
    and Principal Position
    
    
    
Stock
($)
                                            *
Option
($)
                                            *
All
                                            Other
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Shannon Masjedi
 CEO/President
    
-385
000-
    
    
    
    
385
000-

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



Employment
Agreements

We
have a written employment/compensation agreement with our officers or directors.

Compensation
of Directors

We
have not established standard compensation arrangements for our directors and the compensation payable to each individual for
their service on our Board is determined from time to time by our Board of Directors based upon the amount of time expended by
each of the directors on our behalf. During the 2020 fiscal year
 none of our directors received any compensation specifically
for their services as a director.


    
    


Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

We
have no compensation committee of our board of directors
 and during the year ended December 31
 2020
 our directors and officers
participated in deliberations of our board of directors regarding officer compensation. During the year ended December 31
 2020
no executive officer of our Company (i) served as a member of the compensation committee (or other committee performing equivalent
functions or
 in the absence of any such committee
 the entire board of directors) of another entity
 one of whose executive officers
served on our board of directors
 (ii) served as a director of another entity
 one of whose executive officers served on our board
of directors
 or (iii) served as a member of the compensation committee (or other committee performing equivalent functions or
in the absence of any such committee
 the entire board of directors) of another entity
 one of whose executive officers served
as a director of our Company.

Narrative
Disclosure of Compensation Policies and Practices as They Relate to the Company&rsquo;s Risk Management

We
believe that our compensation policies and practices for all employees and other individual service providers
 including executive
officers
 do not create risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on us.



ITEM
    12.
SECURITY
    OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS


The
following table sets forth information regarding beneficial ownership of our capital stock by:



    
    
each
    person who is known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding voting stock;

    
    
each
    director;

    
    
each
    named executive officer; and

    
    
all
    of our current executive officers and directors as a group.


The
following table is based upon information supplied by to us by our officers
 directors and certain principal stockholders. We
have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC. These rules generally attribute beneficial ownership
of securities to persons who possess sole or shared voting power or investment power with respect to those securities. These shares
are deemed to be outstanding and beneficially owned by the person holding those options or warrants for the purpose of computing
the percentage ownership of that person
 but they are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership
of any other person. Unless otherwise indicated
 the persons or entities identified in this table have sole voting and investment
power with respect to all shares shown as beneficially owned by them
 subject to applicable community property laws.

Unless
otherwise indicated
 the business address of each person listed is in care of Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc.
 117 West 9th Street
Suite 316
 Los Angeles
 California 90015.


    
    


COMMON
STOCK



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
10
130
454
    

    
1
500
000
    

    
11
630
454
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
000
000
    




    
Beneficial
    ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the
    shares. Except as otherwise indicated
 and subject to applicable community property laws
 the persons named in the table have
    sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our common stock held by them. Applicable percentage ownership
    is based on 16
871
351 shares of our common stock outstanding on a pre-split basis.

    
    

    
        
Includes
    130
454 shares of our common stock owned by ACD Trust (&ldquo;Trust&rdquo;). The trustee of the Trust is Shannon Masjedi who
    holds voting and investment power over the shares of our common stock owned by the Trust. 


PREFERRED
STOCK



    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
5
000
000
10
000
    

    
    
    
    

    
5
000
000
10
000
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




    
Beneficial
    ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the
    shares. Except as otherwise indicated
 and subject to applicable community property laws
 the persons named in the table have
    sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our preferred stock held by them. Applicable percentage ownership
    is based on 5
000
000 shares of our Series E Preferred Stock and 10
000 of our Series F Preferred Stock issued and outstanding.

    
    

    
Each
        share of Series E Preferred Stock has a 10-to-1 voting preference where everyone share of Series E Preferred Stock is
        equivalent in votes to ten shares of Common Stock
 resulting in the equivalent of 50
000
000 voting shares of common stock.
        When combined with the voting rights of current common and preferred shareholders
 the Series E Preferred shareholder(s)
        has a 21.2% vote on all company matters on a fully diluted basis.
        

    
Represents
    10
000 shares of our Series F Preferred Stock owned directly by Mrs. Masjedi. Each share of Series F Preferred Stock is convertible
    into 0.1% of the issued and outstanding stock at the time of conversion and has voting rights equivalent to the conversion
    rights for a total of 168
713
510 common stock voting share equivalents representing 71.6% of the voting power on fully diluted
    basis.


Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

On
November 3
 2017
 Pacific Ventures&rsquo; board of directors (the &ldquo;Board of Directors&rdquo;) adopted
 by written consent
in accordance with the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware
 the Company&rsquo;s 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;2017
Plan&rdquo;)
 which reserves a total of 1
500
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
 $0.001 par value per share (the
&ldquo;Common Stock&rdquo;) for issuance under the 2017 Plan. As described below
 incentive awards authorized under the 2017 Plan
include
 but are not limited to
 incentive stock options within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
as amended (the &ldquo;Code&rdquo;). If an incentive award granted under the 2017 Plan expires
 terminates
 is unexercised or
is forfeited
 or if any shares are surrendered to us in connection with the exercise of an incentive award
 the shares subject
to such award and the surrendered shares will become available for further awards under the 2017 Plan.


    
    


Administration
&horbar; 
 or the Board of Directors in the absence of such a committee
will administer the 2017 Plan. Subject to the terms of the 2017 Plan
 the Compensation Committee or the Board of Directors has
complete authority and discretion to determine the terms upon which awards may be granted under the 2017 Plan.

Grants
&horbar; 
 incentive stock options
 restricted
stock awards
 restricted stock units
 performance grants intended to comply with Section 162(m) of the Code and stock appreciation
rights
 as described below:



    
    
Options
    granted under the 2017 Plan entitle the grantee
 upon exercise
 to purchase up to a specified number of shares from us at
    a specified exercise price per share. The exercise price for shares of Common Stock covered by an option generally cannot
    be less than the fair market value of Common Stock on the date of grant unless agreed to otherwise at the time of the grant.
    In addition
 in the case of an incentive stock option granted to an employee who
 at the time the incentive stock option is
    granted
 owns stock representing more than 10% of the voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any parent or
    subsidiary
 the per share exercise price will be no less than 110% of the fair market value of Common Stock on the date of
    grant.

    
    
    

    
    
Restricted
    stock awards and restricted stock units may be awarded on terms and conditions established by the compensation committee
    which may include performance conditions for restricted stock awards and the lapse of restrictions on the achievement of one
    or more performance goals for restricted stock units.

    
    
    

    
    
The
    Compensation Committee or the Board of Directors may make performance grants
 each of which will contain performance goals
    for the award
 including the performance criteria
 the target and maximum amounts payable
 and other terms and conditions.

    
    
    

    
    
The
    2017 Plan authorizes the granting of stock awards. The Compensation Committee or the Board of Directors will establish the
    number of shares of our common stock to be awarded (subject to the aggregate limit established under the 2017 Plan upon the
    number of shares of our common stock that may be awarded or sold under the 2017 Plan) and the terms applicable to each award
    including performance restrictions.

    
    
    

    
    
Stock
    appreciation rights (&ldquo;SARs&rdquo;) entitle the participant to receive a distribution in an amount not to exceed the
    number of shares of Common Stock subject to the portion of the SAR exercised multiplied by the difference between the market
    price of a share of Common Stock on the date of exercise of the SAR and the market price of a share of Common Stock on the
    date of grant of the SAR.


Duration
Amendment
 and Termination &horbar; 
 suspend or terminate the 2017 Plan without
stockholder approval or ratification at any time or from time to time. No change may be made that increases the total number of
shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance pursuant to incentive awards or reduces the minimum exercise price for options or
exchange of options for other incentive awards
 unless such change is authorized by our stockholders within one year of such change.
Unless sooner terminated
 the 2017 Plan would terminate ten years after it is adopted.



ITEM
    13.
CERTAIN
    RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE


The
following includes a summary of transactions since January 1
 2017 to which we have been a party
 in which the amount involved
in the transaction exceeded $120
000&nbsp;
 and in which any of our directors
 executive officers or
 to our knowledge
 beneficial
owners of more than 5% of our capital stock or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons had or will
have a direct or indirect material interest
 other than equity and other compensation arrangement
 which are described above under
&ldquo;Executive Compensation.&rdquo;

We
believe that all purchases from or transactions with affiliated parties were on terms and at prices substantially similar to those
available from unaffiliated third parties.


    
    


The
Sn&ouml;bar Trust

The
Snobar Trust (the &ldquo;Trust&rdquo;) a California Trust formed on June 1
 2013. Sn&ouml;bar Holdings is the trustor and sole
beneficiary of Trust. The current trustee that holds legal title to the Trust is Azita Davidiyan. So long as the trustor is in
existence
 on demand of the trustor or the beneficiary
 the trustee shall distribute to the trustor any or all of the property
contained in the beneficiary. Subject to the terms of the Trust
 the trustor may remove any acting trustee
 or designate one or
more successor trustees. Any trustee may resign at any time. The Trust shall terminate upon the earlier of (i) withdrawal or distribution
of all assets from the Trust or the date upon which the trustor ceases to be in existence. As of the date of this annual report
the Trust owns 100% of the shares of IPIC and its liquor licenses
 permitting IPIC to sell its product to distributors
 with all
income
 expense
 gains and losses rolling up to the Trust. Sn&ouml;bar Holdings also owns 99.9% of the shares of MGD
 which is
in the business of selling and leasing freezers and providing marketing services. As a result of the foregoing
 Sn&ouml;bar Holdings
is the primary beneficiary of all assets
 liabilities and any income received from the business of the Trust and IPIC through
the Trust and is the parent company of MGD. The Trust and IPIC are considered variable interest entities.

There
have been no other related party transactions
 or any other transactions or relationships required to be disclosed pursuant to
Item 404 of Regulation S-K.

With
regard to any future related party transaction
 we plan to fully disclose any and all related party transactions
 including
 but
not limited to
 the following:



    
    
disclose
    such transactions in prospectuses where required;

    
    
disclose
    in any and all filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 where required;

    
    
obtain
    disinterested directors&rsquo; consent; and

    
    
obtain
    shareholder consent where required.


Indemnification
Agreements

Our
Bylaws provide that none of our officers or directors shall be personally liable for any obligations of our Company or for any
duties or obligations arising out of any acts or conduct of said officer or director performed for or on behalf of our Company
including without limitation
 acts of negligence or contributory negligence. In addition
 our Bylaws provide that we shall indemnify
and hold harmless each person and their heirs and administrators who shall serve at any time hereafter as a director or officer
of our Company from and against any and all claims
 judgments and liabilities to which such persons shall become subject by reason
of their having heretofore or hereafter been a director or officer of our Company
 or by reason of any action alleged to have
heretofore or hereafter taken or omitted to have been taken by him or her as such director or officer
 and that we shall reimburse
each such person for all legal and other expenses reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with any such claim
 judgment
or liability
 including our power to defend such persons from all suits or claims as provided for under the provisions of the
Delaware General Corporation Law; provided
 however
 that no such persons shall be indemnified against
 or be reimbursed for
any expense incurred in connection with any claim or liability arising out of his (or her) own willful misconduct. In addition
in the future
 we may enter into indemnification agreements with our directors and officers and some of our executives may have
certain indemnification rights arising under their employment agreements with us. We believe that these bylaw provisions and indemnification
agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and officers.

The
limitation of liability and indemnification provisions in our Bylaws may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against
our directors for breach of their fiduciary duties. They may also reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation against our directors
and officers
 even though an action
 if successful
 might benefit us and our stockholders. A stockholder&rsquo;s investment may
be harmed to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers pursuant to these indemnification
provisions.

Policies
and Procedures for Transactions with Related Persons

We
have not yet adopted a written related-person transactions policy that sets forth our policies and procedures regarding the identification
review
 consideration and oversight of &ldquo;related-person transactions.&rdquo;


    
    


Director
Independence

We
are not subject to listing requirements of any national securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system which has requirements
that a majority of the board of directors be &ldquo;independent&rdquo; and
 as a result
 we are not at this time required to have
our board of directors comprised of a majority of &ldquo;independent directors.&rdquo; Our board of directors has determined that
neither of the members of our board of directors qualifies as an &ldquo;independent&rdquo; director under Nasdaq&rsquo;s definition
of independence.

Our
board of directors&rsquo; acts as the audit committee and we currently have no separate committees. Due to the small size of our
board of directors
 we believe that currently it is appropriate and most efficient for our entire board of directors to execute
the functions that a separate audit committee
 compensation committee and nominating committee would typically perform.



ITEM
    14.
PRINCIPAL
    ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES


Audit
Fees



For
    fiscal year end December 31
 2020:
    
    
40
000.
    


We
did not pay any other fees as specified in Item 9(e) of Schedule 14A.

Pre-Approval
Policies and Procedures

We
do not currently have a separate audit committee. Our board of directors is responsible for the pre-approval of all audits and
permitted non-audit services to be performed for our Company by the independent auditors. The fees paid to the independent auditors
that are shown in the chart above for 2020 and 2019 were approved by our board of directors in accordance with the procedures
described below.

Our
board of directors reviews and approves all audit and non-audit services proposed to be provided
 other than de minimis non-audit
services which may instead by preapproved in accordance with applicable SEC rules.

There
were no audit or non-audit services provided to us for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019 that were not approved by our
board of directors. Our board of directors determined that the services rendered by Dylan Floyd Accounting &amp; Consulting are
compatible with maintaining their independence as our independent auditors.

PART
IV



ITEM
    15.
EXHIBITS
    AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES




    
List
    of Documents Filed.


(1)
Financial Statements (Included in Item 8 of this Annual Report)

Consolidated
Financial Statements of Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc.:



    
    
Report
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

    
    
    

    
    
Consolidated
    Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2020 and 2019

    
    
    

    
    
Consolidated
    Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019

    
    
    

    
    
Consolidated
    Statements of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019

    
    
    

    
    
Consolidated
    Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019

    
    
    

    
    
Notes
    to the Consolidated Financial Statements



    
    


(2)
Financial Statement Schedules

All
schedules have been omitted since they are either not applicable or the information is contained elsewhere in this Annual Report.

**
SEC Counsel or CPA to add footnotes below **



    
    


The
following exhibits are filed as part of this Form 10-K and this list includes the Exhibit Index.



Exhibit
    
    
    
    

    
    
Share Exchange Agreement
 dated August 14
 2015
 by and among the Company
 Sn&ouml;bar Holdings
 Inc.
 and certain shareholders of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings
 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30
 2015
 filed with the SEC on August 14
 2015).

    
    
Amendment No. 1 to Share Exchange Agreement
 dated August 21
 2015
 by and among the Company
 Sn&ouml;bar Holdings
 Inc.
 and certain shareholders of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings
 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K
 as filed with the SEC on September 25
 2015).

    
    
Asset Purchase Agreement
 dated as of January 31
 2018
 by and among the Company
 Royalty Foods
 LLC and San Diego Farmers Outlet
 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K
 as filed with the SEC on February 5
 2018).

    
    
Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K
 as filed with the SEC on November 16
 2017).

    
    
By-laws of the Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A
 as filed with the SEC on June 14
 2017).

    
    
    

    
    
Co-Packaging Letter Agreement dated April 24
 2013
 by and between International Production Impex Corporation and Brothers International Desserts
 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report Form 8-K
 as filed with the SEC on September 25
 2015).

    
    
Distribution Agreement
 dated March 16
 2015
 by and between International Production Impex Corporation and Spectrum Entertainment &amp; Events LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report Form 8-K
 as filed with the SEC on September 25
 2015).

    
    
Distribution Agreement
 dated June 5
 2015
 by and between International Production Impex Corporation and Eddie Holman (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 tothe Company&rsquo;s Current Report Form 8-K
 as filed with the SEC on September 25
 2015).



    
    




Exhibit
    
    
    
    

    
    
Exclusive Distribution Agreement
 dated February 3
 2015
 by and between International Production Impex Corporation and Yes Consolidated
 LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report Form 8-K
 as filed with the SEC on September 25
 2015).

    
    
Distribution Agreement
 dated May 1
 2015
 by and between International Production Impex Corporation and Dejako Trading Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report Form 8-K
 as filed with the SEC on September 25
 2015).

    
    
Form of Lock-Up/Leak-Out Agreement between the Company and certain Sn&ouml;bar Shareholders party thereto (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report Form 8-K
 as filed with the SEC on September 25
 2015).

    
    
Anti-Dilution Agreement
 dated September 25
 2015
 by and among the Company and Brett Bertolami and Danzig Ltd. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report Form 8-K
 as filed with the SEC on September 25
 2015).

    
    
Piggyback Registration Rights Agreement
 dated September 25
 2015
 by and among the Company
 Sn&ouml;bar Shareholders and other persons thereto (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report Form 8-K
 as filed with the SEC on September 25
 2015).

    
    
Trust Agreement
 dated June 1
 2013
 by and between Snobar Holding
 Inc. and Azizollah Masjedi (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A
 as filed with the SEC on October 16
 2017).

    
    
Form of Promissory Note by and between the Company and certain related parties (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A
 as filed with the SEC on October 16
 2017).

    
    
Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K
 as filed with the SEC on November 8
 2017).

    
    
Form of Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc. Incentive Stock Option Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K
 as filed with the SEC on November 8
 2017).

    
    
Form of Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc. Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K
 as filed with the SEC on November 8
 2017).

    
    
Letter from Anderson Bradshaw PLLC
 dated April 20
 2016
 addressed to the Securities and Exchange Commission (incorporated by reference from the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K
 as filed on April 20
 2016
 Exhibit 16).

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

    
    
XBRL
    Instance Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document




    
Management
    contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit pursuant to the requirements of Item 15(a)(3)
    of Form 10-K.

    
Schedules
    have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(ii) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule will be furnished supplementally
    to the SEC upon request.

    
Filed
    herewith.

    
Furnished
    herewith.



    
    




In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
 the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.



    
PACIFIC
    VENTURES GROUP
 INC.

    
    
    

Date:
    April 15
 2021
    
/s/
    Shannon Masjedi

    
    
President
    Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer
    (Principal Executive Officer

    Principal Financial Officer and
    Principal Accounting Officer)


Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Shannon Masjedi
    
    
    
April
    15
 2021

Shannon
    Masjedi
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Marc Shenkman
    
Chairman
    of the Board of Directors
    
April
    15
 2021

Marc
    Shenkman
    
    
    
    



    













     




Exhibit
3.3


    













     



Exhibit
21.1

Pacific
Ventures Group
 Inc.

List
of Subsidiaries



    
    
State
    of Formation

    
    
    

Sn&ouml;bar
    Holdings
 Inc.
 a wholly owned subsidiary of Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc.
    
    

    
    
    

MAS
    Global Distributors
 Inc.
 a majority (99.9%) owned subsidiary of Sn&ouml;bar Holdings
 Inc.
    
    

    
    
    

Royalty
    Foods
 LLC
 a wholly owned subsidiary of Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc.
    
    

    
    
    

International
                                         Production IMPEX Corp
 a wholly owned subsidiary of
Pacific
        Ventures Group Inc.
    
    

    
    
    

Royalty
                                         Foods Partners LLC
 a Florida Limitied Liability Corporation 90.1% owned by
Pacific
        Ventures Group Inc.
    
    

    
    
    

Seaport
                                         Group Enterprises LLC
 a California Limited Liability Corporation 90.1% owned by
Pacific
        Ventures Group Inc.
    
    




    













     



Exhibit
31.1

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT
TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a)
OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302
OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
Shannon Masjedi
 certify that:

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc.;

2.
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;

3.
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
presented in this report;

4.
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant &lsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant &lsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant &lsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting; and

5.
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant &lsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and

(b)
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.



/s/
    Shannon Masjedi
    

Shannon
    Masjedi
    

President
    and Chief Executive Officer
    


Date:
April 15
 2021


    













     



Exhibit
31.2


CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT
TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a)
OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302
OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
Shannon Masjedi
 certify that:

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc.;

2.
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;

3.
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
presented in this report;

4.
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant &lsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant &lsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant &lsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting; and

5.
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant &lsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and

(b)
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.



/s/
    Shannon Masjedi
Date:
    April 15
 2021

Shannon
    Masjedi
    

Interim
    Chief Financial Officer
    



    













     




Exhibit
32.1

CERTIFICATION
OF CEO AND CFO PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT
TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In
connection with the Annual Report of Pacific Ventures Group
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended December 31
 2020
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
Shannon Masjedi
 as the Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 hereby certify
 pursuant to
18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that
 to the best of my knowledge:

(1)
the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2)
the information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.



/s/
    Shannon Masjedi
    

Shannon
    Masjedi
    

President
    Chief Executive Officer and
    Interim Chief Financial Officer
    


April
15
 2021

This
Certification accompanies this Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed
by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended.


    











begin 644 fin_001.jpg



M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#W^BBB@ HH

M(74;110!DX%0

M'] /PJ



PL6?.C4?*/R%123




HI %6
;+8@]3VI%G4'_5@?2E


MCOUJUHKBW(78NQ8TVBBH&7(EVQ@?C4

M)]WW[U'14W&*O+#ZU8EC18B0H!JNGWU^M6IO]2U-;
3*E3Q?ZF3Z5!4T3 1.



MU'FH@_=KSZFHB2Q)/4T;(!*DCE,8( S4=.5&8949I(7[2?[HH^TG^Z*C\F3
M^[1Y
G]VG=AH2?:3_=%'VD_W14?DR?W:/)D_NT78:#GF+KMP!45.:-U&2


BIR2




D.R
_3 JG5V1!(

MCTI0QDB;=R5Z&HU*@_,N1]:E.'B(3C')%$0444JJ68 =34C'Q1[VYZ#K5N

MNP$=%% !/05($R0;T#;L9]J=]F_V_P!*1)@B!2IR*=]I7^Z:OW1:B?9O]O\

M]F_V_P!*:UOM4G=T]JG1MZYP1]:;
P6






G








_A32N ]R(8L#K56


A-P


?[PHY6%Q+?_ %A^E6:BBB
;$DYXQ4M7'8EE2?\ UIJ.K
D)=RV0*;]F


MH.M



M4RC- %N*(1CKDFJK_?;ZU-;'EJA?[[?6F]A(2BBBI&%%%3!MDD 9)[BF@(:
M*D\UL=%_*HZ BBBD 5/$BA/




M+_K6^M






1Y]351W!DM46.6)]35QSB-C[52IR$

M*$Q\Q.?85(X3:F2V


+;U;\JE^2)?0

G_P!4U

^


MTT^5 \=O:NIZ

M%( HHHH ***L+JKND/X4TK@5Z*L;X.F!^5#P*R[D-/EXVW^^?I5G(]:H44

@J.K<(Q$/?FE%







C#('05%5C:




*N1#$2_2J=7@




M]XN_ VWX'KIPC(O(T^V 'KYG?]*\)TJ\BT[5[2]EMEN8X)%D
+':'QSCI7K!
M^/\ =&

/RS7V+IM]%


AJ
MX_X#_P@BLZO(J_&_4[(_B:.$.N22.:?]F7^\:@5V48!(%+YK_WC4W0]2;[
M

B;'P#FK.?+CRQR:J
Q=

I

*![56A
MC+

J5NH
O7K
M]:K59MVRA'I0G?1@RM4Y.ZVX['FHG&UR/0T(Y0\?E26@QM2R\)&#U I/,4'(
MC7-,9BQR3S0 E64998]C=:K44)V F:W8'C!%V[$_



ML_5E3Z#&4

M?65KJ-K+:7END]O(
/&Z@JP]ZU)/E7P)XTN?!.M?:E1I[28!+B#.
CLP]Q_4

<Z_\ LM SU#6_C%X2TB(_9[W^TIATBM
L/Q8\
M5TOAKQ)IWBG1HM3T^4-&XPZ$C=&W=3]*\6L/@#KTKC[?JMA;QGKY0:4_J%KU




:;W [=ZGG?:



MTK






M7



*?*@N4NE%7F56&

+$YN3V4H
MFD9^I_FT4KL+!113TC


%CBFT44 %%2818U+ D


M%R*BBBD 45/ B.IR

;8AGTS5
M:--[@=N]3SOMCQW-5'343*Q.232445 PI02.A(I** BBB@ HHHH **** I






DK
/YXKDGC(IV1Z]'):U2/
M--V/HRY\0:19Y^T:E:Q$=FE K&NOB)X8@! U-)&':)&?^0Q7@6U0?NC/T%+D
M9Q^G_P!:L7C9=$=T


D 27LH



M]^E'G2?WOTIZ!J+]G?V_.D
#@$G'%'G2?WOTI#
Y!!;@^U&@:C****D JQ;D

J_6IL


M=$




M(#WD#(JXZF444PBBBD 4444 3L8]J;B3@=!32B
I:

M((W


M.]+J!-



CW1:DP0I_GFJSN7;)I2QR3DTE#=QVBBBI **E^SO[4UXF09.
4[
!

M+8\


M30I/&4D4
I[&LZ6S]65/='.Q^(KE?OPQO]/EJQ'XD0\26SC_ '6S5*_T::U8
MOIDA]NHK+[UJ2=.=9TZX7;,&P?[R9_E5=K31K@YBN!$3Z-@?K6!SVHP* -
MS^P(Y.8+T

MMD]WIMR&







MH.M:I):(XVW)W9K/X@N6SLBB3WZU;TFYO[V8R2RCR5XP% R:IZ;HLD[6X!2
M+KM/\5=+'&L:!$4*HX % ',ZL,:G-_P'_P!!%4JNZO\ \A2;_@/_ **SY6V


MLARM#R





]*BW-ZG\Z-Q]31= )111


MK-NN$)]:ACC+GV]:M@!1@=!5Q743(;D_*H]ZK@9.!3Y7WN3VZFJ2K CJ*E
MN[&A_EHIPS\^PZ4UT*'KD'H: K2-P
FG2D?*H.=HZTP(ZD@_UHJ.E!(((ZBD

M%P&D$$@]14@G< #CBDG_UIJ.EL K
68D]32444@BBELW0$T
M)5V




M

HI7 *E528 ,EC45/WN$\@?SH0 T;J


1Z&



M




MLT

M-5S

!B!2$ECDG)J0V[^H-
M
G\ZB)).22:2DY!8*<B[W^

E;?C:J
%^G6HRI7J/K2[W_OM^=(6+=23]:& E%%2V[8DQZT(
M*IR2+92#CFHY4*R'T/(IY_X]5^M-=0%BE8L%;G-1RJ%D('3K2PJ6D![#FEG
M.9/H
4= ZD57$821_48-4Z?'(8S[=Q0G8&(Z%&P:;5S='*

7Z5!5QU1B-^/SJ&98U4;
9SZ
MT274$P@49+GM37F=CP2![4P
0


[


ML&!]X_I56E)).3UI*S;N4ARNRC .*7S7_O&F447 E21S(H+'&:=.[*X ..*A

I@3



6G_?RC_A
/#O\ T&+3_OY7SY12^J1[C]N^Q]!_\)AX

6G_?RC_A
/#O\ T&+3_OY7SY11]4CW

MAW_H
6G_ '\H_P$P\._]!BT_P_E?/E%+ZI'N/V[['T'_PF'AW_ *#%I_W\


2:O:'WWBG'QEX7\L#^V+3'


6G_?RC_A
/#O\
MT&+3_OY7SY11]4CW#V[['T'_ 


D'_GI5?\ X3#P[_T&+3_OY7SY10\+%]0]L^Q]

MH
6G_?RC_A
/#O\ T&+3_OY7SY11]4CW#V[['T'_ 
)AX=_Z#%I_W\J6#QCX

_]M*A_P$P\._]!BT_P_
ME?/E%#PD7U#VS['T'_PF'AW_ *#%I_W\IR^


M._\ 08M/^_E*OB_PX6 .LV8'KYE?/=%+ZI'N'MWV/HI_&GAQ%QZS9_7S*@/
MC#P\3DZS:?\ ?ROGRBF\+%]0]L^Q]!_\)AX=_P@Q:?]_*/^$P\._P#08M/^
M_E?/E%+ZI'N/V[['T'_PF'AW_H
6G_?RE'B_PZ3C^V;/_OY7SW11]4CW%[=]
**?U6/</;
^@_\ A
/#O_08
MM/\ OY1_PF'AW_H

^B3XL\
=



^CQXT\


M?8^AF\:: _76;3'H)*9_PF'AW_H
6G_?ROGRBE]4CW#VS['T'_PF'AW_ *#%






]=\*G/

MW4@L?


M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@

I22-QD
#V-?*_Q&\!7'@G6L
M1AY-+N6M9SSCU1O]H?J.?7$SBZ***!!1110 4444 %%%% !1110!Z?X(^#


)-XFLM&^T_9OM3E?.V;]N%)Z9&



XQD_SKG:]

^@



MEJEZK^9#$

MR/-W9.

[?]33_Y3_\ [;5/]GK_ )#&M_\ 7O'_ .A&M.^_9_\
MMNH7-U_PDVSSY6DV_8






$$9]ZZ'PUH^D^+_@OJ
4&EV:ZYIP;_ $B.W02OM^=?


F5O)SU*I\JC\7)
_KX_<) U]*ED97@,A$)D #E<_+D#C.,4
M*[=AM65RBO==0TOPA\*/#&GMJF@P:WK5XOS+< 

M\-^

]M& J$+]X8'&0#D$ 9'7V):7?8$KV\SQBBNW^$M




M..HJ'Q_H?AB#X/P:GH6E6L*S/$\4YA7S@K-G:7QN.
XY)Z5+=DVMMAI:I
\)


-I@^\(7'W1_P !R%[8&<D]74T6G],=
M/7?^D?.M%6+VPO--NFM;^TGM;A0T4\91@#TX/-5Z0AT<;S2I'&C/(YJJC)
M)/0 5ZYH?PU6_L$N-5U6+397&1 L/G


M$4UG(K(9)D\R4(?X0Q/3KCC(S]


;_#;5+72_'&GO=:9#?K/(D++C]T[.H$@


D@!(##D\'KUJM'Q!%'#X
MDU2*)%CC2[E5$48@.< #L*]X\2VG@OPMX
T37+_ 


421B:1H

M.7V



QKBZ^X7C26-HY$5T8896&01
M[BO/M?\ @QX3UIFEMX)-,G)SNM A_X <@#Z8H%8^7Z*]AU']GW6(CG3=9LK





]RIJ_NHU/C9_R4JZ_ZX1?^
M@UZ'\/+**\^%)C\(WMG9^(7!\^XD0
ZONZ-P2 5Z'!QGUKRC_A5WC;_H7[G_

M87

MC;_H7[G_ +Z3_&G%VGSDKQY3H/CA_R4F+_KTB_]:N@_:#_ -7X=_W9O_9*

M_D
:W_U[Q_\ H1KRC7?^1@U+_KZE_P#0S70?\*N\;?\ 0OW/_?2?XT?\*N\;



M:_!X:\;Z;J=T2+9'*3


MF0@]?FZDDG\:Y?\ X5=XV_Z%^Y_[Z3_&E3;3YG_73\BJB3]W^N_YGIWC'X8V


M;_H7[G_OI/\ &A/5N6MP:T26@WQMH[^#_B'=0Q)B.*X6YM^
 H3N 'TZ?A7K


0)[

M 


ML[?2O

MY_[Z3_&JYMGU0K;KN=C^T%_R




MDKQ[3[XZ9KMM?JNXVURLP7UVL#C]*Z'_ (5=XV_Z%^Y_[Z3_ !I\7PQ\;13)
M)_PCD[[&#;6*$''8C/2KO[ZEVL+[#C_6QZMXW\(6_P 4[;3/$.@ZO9I''%LF
M








'D@9#$'.01
MM7\Z\Y_X5=XV_PA?N?^^D_QH_X5=XV_Z%^Y_P^D_QJ8+ECRCE[TKGJ'QBU


CGK_+@?@SK-GH_CY&OIT@CN;=X%







Y'N!6B=

MOBEHWB[QKKT#V/AJ\2QLXS'$TA0

M 








JRG((




;I9I B+D



M=[I )1_LDGG\*TE974


0D8H=OTP2/K1+2ZZK_@?Y







M]?+VA:OX'DL;J;Q=8ZSJ.L7
!=<FO?A=XRTEY99

I^98V5OE]ONYQ[FET?DK@M6O4]J?Q%HD=A'?OK&GK9R$JEPUT@C8




/BO


\U
+M1MV6_XCE:\KGT5!?6]QIT


FN
U?Q#X2L+W3=2\#V6J:9?VTH
G




/B-X;\









MRU&TN9H3B6.&=7:
]/F /'XUXK\6YI-8U/P5-[PR7D(960D%Y3ICTS72^+


M3S

]:'HF^P+5I=S
MUV77=-D^UVMIJEG)?0Q

M!_Y%74_^OW_V1:I*TI)]%^HF[Q37?]#T#QCJ%UI7@[5[^RE\JYM[5Y(GVAMK





J6G
NUCVZPU?3-5








I466[
87 X).


MK:^=5TKQ#
+#H^CMLW!&<
M-(OS$84$_?P/HM02^+M#L/C5;Z]HEZ)].OMJ79\MXPI;Y6R& [A6I4];?WK_


YN-9\;^'?+7$D6GW31R3A#C?N<K^. IQ[FMVY^#/AY=0L;S2
M)KS29+9MQ:WE9V<\8.7)VGKT]:(ZZO8'IHM[7/0I[B&UA::XFCAB099Y&J!



MNT
NIK#;QBX9VSAERV1G!R1U(S5_4M TS1?@)=3Z?;>3+?6=K/


K!E(R

M4M+]E^JN=TN[_0]6L-6TW51(=.UTO!$=LAMYEDV'T.TG%5O$UY/I_A;5KV


M#/Q$^H'QBP6+R1]F8_9\!\G)_=^WK7EG@?_ (6?_P (Z/\ A$O^09YS8_X]
MOO\ &[_6?-Z5[%X+_P$N_X1N^_X3'_C^\QO*_U7^KV#_GGQUSUYIRT3?D1'





M\.0V&KZ9+(7B

M GS#'RL:DY(!XR20/88 %4OA5X4UKPWJ'B&75K+[.EW

M:]+HIIV=UVL&ZMYW/

$D@7)#!E/) (ZYY!








M






*ZL]'TR
F:['Q;X<


ZDJG;JPR!TY0FNUU?PQ?\ BCP')HVNW=L=1E4
9[:

MIGG@5U=%-ZJS!:.Z/'=
T3XIPZ



PGDJ@9MWS LIR3@



LKJ5DVG@[ER
\9_

^[Z' YKUBBG?6_S%;2WR/./'/@

:S9*%9)L*)@
X/IGD@@X!!ZC%5+*T^*NO:Y9W&J36N@6=N

MD6LNIV5BDD$F$L+615/(.9&9G*]@  3][H*]QHI6_P QW_R/*_B3X/U[7[#P



D9Z[




5_E.
'*DBNRG4O;RHHRS(0!^%2




?'WA+7-;^('AO5-/LO.L[-XS/)YJ+LQ+N/!()X]
M :].HHH6BM_6H/5WBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

E)_P#XBNGU





;_P]X


_AE_P )




M&E*Z5_3\1QLW;U_ ]CMYX[JVBN(6W12H'1L$94C(/-25X=J/B+XC^'/#.E^(
/NMZ<5VWB_XA'0?!NG:K96RS7VJ*GV6%SD L
MH;)QR0

MWMQQ\H..HZUYE?Z[\3O!MK'KVO2Z??Z8SJ)[6-5#0!CTR%'/.
Y;WJ3XJ7T&


\'J*=X.\6^(8?%]QX/\

VWB.S\/1V2J%N)K9)

!I


M'KOQ%J6NV.CRQ










5(HD&YW=@JJ/4D]*\<L_$GQ)\:V]
MYK?AR6QL=
MY&6*V=%9Y]O.


MG\)ZSK/@[X6R:WKMU;WEDMO$=

MT:?Y?V@:=Y8R8L9S]W.


M[00


M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%






YO/\ RL3'1I]O



M*QX?XG^($OQ!T






M?6WB35](GU30)H0ERD#



MSYV^&OQ)T;P5I5_9ZE;7\LDUT95-M&C # '.YASQ6KIE^_Q ^



M 96!)P

V
@5



[ROM8IO
MWN9=[GA'A/QO+\,]*NO#6NZ+?_;DG=[8QHDN<=R1QGN




* <QZ5DC%9


9K8HIIV5@:N[A1112&%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110


D@TM(/-:)6*











BL5WJJLVW(YZ@4OQ6@MM#@\
^$]-M[




MP+'&&3S%MP 


UO5[G3_ F@1ZDELV)+RX

5
1T]:\R^/1_XI#2_^O\ 7_T!JH_&F%KAO$*RM$TDS()%.N?+&1]*2U
M^^P_\FSUB#6=+NKY[&WU*SEO(_OV\<ZM(OU4'(J]7AOQ)\Z/X)T#3]<\/:
MSO[:Z1/,\]F,F03GD\'([8'7BO:=-N6O-+M+IQM::%)/0E0:%JK]A/1KS.
MB\;:D_Q=E\)&T^P)#Y@D-YN?+#==V.I]*Z[^V])\^Y@_M.R\ZU&ZXC^T)N
MA'JXS\OXUY;!_P G*W'_ %Z_^T5K(L?#=CXH^.'B.QU
2262!IGA21D$A&P






MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **


M 



*


M@1Z?+J
]_-N+/-*Q(SZ*3M4 =*WR P((R#P12T53=]R4K;'DOAOX03:)\0V
MUJ6:T?2X99);6%68R*3]T,N.



;&U
-V;+4;*3S+:Y SM/&0?R!SV(KK:*FVB7;_APZM]_^&/.
M] \


M&




)*CLPD)RQ^4!2/XAU(K9\8^$[3QE
\6PRZ#$



M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
$4O/(5-2DCR!]H6 ;/K@L&_\=HOK8.ESTNB
ML_1M;TWQ!IR7^EW<=S;/QN7J#Z$'D'V-:%#5@WBFR/Y<3OM9MH)VJ
D^P]Z


M




GZS8Z1/<
M@7]Z3Y
@EB!GYCZ#@]:U: BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 

M%\QDMKRZ)E(.


MCA2I]\.!]*2^%Q\_O&]T_+]2I\-U_L+XJ^*/#UF6&GA6D1


RC(Y

UO4_'?C[3%\
MX2FTL.ZB[O
M)RPC(4@Y7( QD9X+9[43^*7+O?\ #\NXE:ROM;\=?^ 6OBEXKOQX0\-:SH]Y


*5A0XW;0N=I&

;CM!QFM'XTZ5J.J^$]-ATZPN

UYCXSU[

=

M*?S%BG)\R1\@XY )R5'. 




_*Q&#QZ41UY?\+^_0):*5NZ_4A^'.N:W8


MB




MMXXTF0R8D 4 

$K1M@HQ*DC!Z_R




M#\PY[^IK+U^7QA\/O%&B7EWXJN-5AU7;-X*QC!4
H3) X;@C%;/Q+TC4[_
M 



'BGX7:[JZ6'AF?6]+OY?
@:U+93KC.U
M6(P#@Y';@UN@^-=9^'/B

M_



M7=@5*2





;L7QRXR_S^H)Y


M''B/50WCB#PMIUC*8[:/[0(FFP2
GYU)Z9)R0
CBMCPMXVU36/ OBRTOK]9M




?LW\PO?B+J%E\&K#Q!\C:I=_Z
KLHP'!8%\=.BDXZ9KD+K6]


M'.#G+9YQ3?QNW?\ #\O42^!7\_Z[E_XF^)=66_\ !UUH%_/;_;QYB1K*RQR%
MC&5#@'##GOZFJ&OR^
/A]XHT2\N_%5QJL.H2[9H7!6





M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4

WA_Q#IEII;;/(AFC!=?E ;)



5ZG10!Y9_87QD_Z&S1O^_2__ !BC^POC)_T-FC?]^E_^
5ZG10!Y9_87
MQD_Z&S1O^_2__&*/[^,G_0V:-_WZ7_XQ7J=% 'EG]A?&3_H;-&_[]+_ /&*
M/[^
G_0V:-_WZ7_ .
5ZG10!Y9_87QD_PALT;_ +]+_P#&*/[^
G_ $-F

MQBC^POC)_P!#9HW_ 'Z7_P,5ZG10!Y9_87QD_Z&S1O^_2__ !BC^POC)_T-
MFC?]^E_^,5ZG10!Y9_87QD_Z&S1O^_2__&*/[^
G_0V:-_WZ7_XQ7J=% 'E
MG]A?&3_H;-&_[]+_ /&*/[^,G_0V:-_WZ7_ .,5ZG10!Y9_87QD_PALT;_
M +]+_P#&*/[^,G_ $-FC?\ ?I?_ (Q7J=% 'EG]A?&3_H;-&_[]+_\ &*/[
M^
G_0V:-_WZ7_XQ7J=% 'EG]A?&3_H;-&_[]+_\8H_L+XR?]#9HW_?I?_C%

M *&S1O\ OTO_ 


M]^E_^

M?V%\9/\ H;-&_P_2_\ QBC^POC)_P!#9HW_ 'Z7_P
5ZG10!Y9_87QD_Z&
MS1O^_2__ !BO4Z** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH

]Z
M9J&J:?I%NMQJ5_:V4+
$$ES

A([QM/G(Z
M;)EPN?HP'YU3^(&DIXT\5Z?X6?F&PN+^;C.UROE0GZABQ_ET3]?PU_(=M;
M/R_R_
](9T6
R


^MH/%/A*YT*[E


M+ ZTWP_OQH C$YNVOH1

=S_$;7-'GAF\2^+K2])FF6%

MHM_7XA?^OP-^BN?U'Q/]@\::-X=^Q^9_:4

5D:AX\


MRW:2TQ]H195)AR


C+ZAAP17FG@?
M6(=1\1?$'4_LDJIO@
EM

7&@W%ZQ6TD






K 9VET^ZV
X!'.*25W8.ESLZ***0!17 2_$'6M1


M SP#YE7GKD]O6MOQ'XX32+RQTS2M

MR'A[QR=1U*ZTC7-)ET+6+:#[3);33+*C19^^DB\
!WZ8K+3XCZQJ2&_T#P1J
M&I:&I.;XW

0!R*-@6IZ917)7'
MCVT30-!UVVMFGTS5+B*!Y2^TVP?(#,,'.&PIY'6M'Q+XB_L&P6*U%W=W]Y'




4VES:0Q34+6X
MP7A;L!C[P/8CK1TN%M;'7T5YT_Q*UFVM?[7O_ FIVWA[:'-Z;F-ID0X^9H!\

9'7K1_PP'8T5PE






UI



8D;




+.[@N#!(8I?)D#^6XZJV#P1Z'FK%


V[*
MDCJ
=Z.E_)/\$.2M)Q\['445YZGQ$URYB&I
MV/@34KCP^5+B]^TQK



3

M1!J]O;V4@MX+B]BV3(67=/M8$*1TVGD]:+-M+N%TDWV/9(I8YHDEB=9(W4
C
MH

3XSEL4

M=);S27$$RI&LFPD0B+KM[@YP

)_ M

AP2.


MDKBCK;S=CN**\L\/?$K6=6^$.K^+9[:P6_LS*(XXXW$1VA2
@L3W]11X#\=^






^*_A-\
]/TA[+

B


MEX5^(NKZY\)M8\57-M8I?60G




MB'5[:(P.6


/#-


MQ+S@MR

%Q:JS0=
M@

P'?:
X_&I;LKLI*[L
MBVES;RW$MO'/$\T./








M7$

MY# 

8S&S(




MK&VN6N8+.WBG=%C:5(E5BB]%) S@=A2CI:_16&];VZNY9K(\5HTG@_6D0%F:






=[[_U_5CQ.





M_P!N3




M*B\):C)XX\6Z;?W*

M@B6

]@
#\*

MB1C_ -$UU9TK3B;PFPM2;T8NB85_?C&


T3LT_-O\ +_(\:#'3_AY\-M?G1FT[2YHY

/_!'B5-%TUKC3].N(3#=)(6%\$</($7;T&/4YKT_4M'TS6(5AU33K2^B4
M[E2Z@650?4!@:LP00VT06\211(



.KY;C7]2\):_!'&6O!=K;1WB8^4@DX<#IV/UQ7J-S86=Z\



^([SP_\$M4US3[+%Q'?7#)%*AQ#NFP

MS

7@GX:W\TBQ6L6H6$DDLC!51?+/)

M6@4Q!1T&S&
?A0G;;NG]UQ6OOV:^\\F\;VUA-\2]
UB_\1ZCI&BZAI@@MM4T

]=TGPCJ7B;1/$&H6VFWO\ :DUZC7<@
MB$\,FK*S8#=

MO]'TS53$=1TVSO#$VZ

S^7\.YG
32[;RV/EJ
E_WJ\#ZUZ!



MOD
M#BN^71=*6*TB73+

MM*0
 L1RV!QS3;TLO/\ &W^0;M-^7X7_ 










M6)E&&01%=W!X  JQXBT*UL?AMX0N+-_$-EHMC??:+B:1U2^MHI-W[SY 0
%L

VC:?)?+R+E[5#*/^!$9_6M%E#*58 J1@@C@U3=]?-/[

8KJ_$











*1@8'%.O]'TS5;5+74=.M


DNGZ;.
MHN=BYV?



.DQZ7X


$&X_


M4MD6)

M+GA!]$\-1ZKH_BKQ7XI\/:A:W+#[/IMPZ12\ 9PJ-\QQU. 017I7A;3_  #I


M _$.XA=RKKH[S*TS



%23Z JW!/&1[U[72
H92K %2




M155%& JC  JBN@Z.FHR:BFDV*WT@P]R+9!*P]VQD]!WJ6E9Q6UK?=_PY5];O
)]%LY+ZSDE<1W$<<_E$R

M)O-.\!375W$8EO[MKB%2



MW:1QSQ@' YYKV.]T;2]2GMY[_3;.ZFMFW023P*[1'(.5)&5.0.GI4UY8VFHV




ML

M&ZAD8%6![@U
E=60XNS3

Y!7)
M7GJ #]+H\
Z (;J(:)IHBO&#7*?9(\3D'(+C'S$'GFK;7


5Q7C2RC^V^!]5U/5-4TK2OL!M9=1T


M%/VD*I78Q4DX)&.#WJQ?Z'9ZCJVF:G.'^T::\CP8(QEUVG/'I]*X7Q[I4'A_


M*3O!((SBJ^M?$/5KGX9:?K^E1BUU1]1CM+BW^5AO#E7CRP. 2.O4 TVFM'OI







M@_.HC)R






M#6C24^7^MB$W*/

M 5

MD6T[V^1Z#17EVFR?$KQ%H47BBRUO3[/SXC/:Z(;%721#DH'F)#!B
=..G3FK

MY;HOC2ZTKQ)IFDW_ (ST;Q3;:E*85GM!%'/;R8RNY(V(*'&
\$'%2_VKXRUK

MFU3U74H='TB\U.X5VAM(7GD6

M






Y]JZRL

K^&_%6E^*;6:;3WE62!
M_+N+:XB



M)/R[
9SZ_AUKE(OBUHAGC-WIFO6&GRL%BU.\T]H[5R2 

MZ_\ #F?1-2M_/T^VU.XB2(R
H*I


M1010H9))G/144=2:S/#_ 
0-




M\ Y.22Q..

0C\Z)D+9*#@-@=O6CI?RO
M\@LV[+O8] )P

M


:;Y:R+
OS!PWW=H'))R


M]1M-
U3^UI[B3[;*L1G1SE'4L1N!'I1U^2?Y?YBN[?-K\_\ (]#T?6;'7M.6
M^T^8R0LQ4AD*

?8KJ2










M8A:Y^V3Q[UMH  2^WNQR

M6E:%




)





'
MW@D[H\[=PVD$#O\ 2L7X?/KFA_ W4-936_
C6QGEL+?[*@^R.C29.[G?DX/S
M#BAZ)OR3^\:6J7G8]CM+C[79P7'DRP^;&K^5
NUTR
X8=B.XJ:O.[_Q7KUQ;
M^%]$T5K?^VM7LENI[RY3*01A5+/L&

8MJOC/6_B-XG\/:3K%M8
M6-FENR7$MHLS6^Y

M])9(=I#$!78GS/3) KUVS-T;* WJPK=[!YPA8L@?'.TD D9Z9%.VFHKZD]%%

M$-M-



6GM9PS@(#P9)68\XQG;P
UG77Q



.Q'

W:VL9<(6EW-TSPH/)Z<5Z]13O=\
MSWT_!W_,5E:RVU_%6.*^)%C=WUGX?6SM9[@Q:Y:2R&
OL0




5'IGAYM5^$%CH5]\$TFE1Q,DJE6BD#!(/((8 _A7:5A^)]'U;6K**VTK




2EI(\+\SD$G;DGH3GCFO2***;=Q)
 RE3T(Q7E?A_4-8^&


M5CIT#Q:;9SL#

M3[^\:[M;VSTZ*[FC+\M&ZMR #T/3FNA\/^'VUC1M?CE\*Z=X;L-2@-O;0PVJ

UBYUJTM






M:
YRP^4C.!R*UJJ6^G06U_=WJ[VGNBOF



MK06MU:0J]M





%=I<_(
 $C!/MS6O\);&^TWX=6-KJ5M+;W:RSF2.6
HW



22S$]R223]:=_T$6J0C((I:*35


X?X@6%




M


]/P

2GCY2.%].*Q[_ %+7?%?B_P (

M%QJ$%S +GPK'XB\-O&?M-O#;B:YBE!X949L

=@

AMK$8.#
MUQTKNJ*$[?C^-O\ (?1KT_ XOPI8W=OX^\:W




MX?TZ*RM9[F1-5M9&6&









2'QQ

M^A:CI7C/Q3Y^@)H]I?VL#VL

M:!JUOJ5C8W$8

$[._G?\+'F%YI

MJ@@%L]J[6JFHZ=!JEL+:Y+F'S%=E5L;]I! /MD#([TT[*WH2]=?4MT444AG'
M_$?P]?Z]H%K+I2))J6F7L5_;1.VT2
AY7)Z9!/XUD7'BSQ5XEEM=
T+PYK.A


LF
X(&


$

IXXXI7UOYW_  :_426EO+_+_(X77O$&I^(O




MWLDA/.0A^5

MBO9Z*3U&M#E_AYI.K:)X'TZPUJ5GO8U.X-)O
:DDJA;OM&!^%=1113D[NXDK

91871CL[65
M;I_);$!







ZA9:99QW5EJ










M\

MS5V.1)8UDC=71AE64Y!'L:\'T3^U]:U'6]7F^'%KXJDEU:$7EYJ,B)$;:L



']'.I^-5&EV2%-6GM49(%4I5&44@<+[#






;TW\OQ=CT^&:*Y@CG@E26&10R2(P
M96!Z$$=12R2)#&TDKJB*
LS'  ]S38((K6WC@@C6*&)0B(@P%4#  'I7F'Q8




MDB-FEO'/;62\L







M1ULN]_S?^0I:7?:WZ'H6I:UI6C1I)JFIV5BCGM=3K$&/HQ&:MPS17$*S0R
QW1R<A]NP_*#P<8 S2CJOE<<M'8
M]$KA=(^).EWWB_Q!I=SJFE6]II_EBVE-T@
_RLTC9)P0N
''3!S7=5Y7X2\.






M\42




+CY3W'0CBG#6WJ_






F



M_-SZ5Y_X.TOQ%8^
KJZ/@R/PSHMS9LL]O#?PS1-

M778-7(O)0'A1%%N





MPSCD=B#7+&5O&NL^ =/UY/














/PH\^FGX_Y NW77\#TZN[:







$2A(XHUJBCH !T%)?GW_S:_0+

B


;*?FP?[W.!7H=U?V=CY/VR[@M_/D$47
MG2!/




MP


=

)7R#
M4?PS^:\\9SALQ/K]QM/;@*#5-6;CTM_E^=V'][S_ 
_RLBAJ2?$G0=%N/$EQ
MXDTZ\-M#]HGT?^S@D04#+*LH._( .



'YM





1W9L;LSH
M%?RTW#(XZYK'SX6G\0ZU)9^#]3\87DETQN+VXM8988F'RF*.23:
+@# !^





M)?J%%%%( HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#FO%
M7A!?$4UE?6NHW&EZO8%S:7LABFX8*LIX93QQ[50T?P-?1ZY::UXE\23Z]?6

=*U*1I[C2WM5
M(

]2O8X=-UOQG?

51TKP2-&M]=L+*_V:5J0=H;
Q9^R.ZD.5;=RI
M)SMP

UA6

M5-4DB@\3^
;W6=)AD62.Q^RQP!]I^42NO


S--=V26\<REV^\8R_

[L%102S

M5N-*TWQ[J-KH 4H+
VD4DJ(?X5G/S*.PXXK4U/X?V5SHGA_2=.G^PVFC7T-W
M&OE^89-F3M)R

WW0C9PQ/8#K5V
MG=K^NPOZ^\PO%/A:U\5:=#;SSSVL]M.MQ;75N0)(9%Z







HQTXR


F\2+J]U=W$]F;:Z^U+



M%K_VSR_[*6=?(\K/F^8H7[V?EQCT.:V[B[MK.UEN;FXB@MXE+22RN%1 .I)/
M %/BECGA2:&1)(I%#(Z





V%SX<TO2M*NI]*DTEQ+87,6':)P

M[QA=:AJ%O
DMM







M/#VM:CK0N[S2K::&5A:B/[29 !NP&PF
= #^%=910M-OZZ U?1_UU.?UOPQ_
2ZY<:WX:\17&@:A=A5N


2P/M=(\AE/J :]))

MQ0K-'



;VUU2^FO&PGEF
NP8 ')Y4@8/Z5DR?#76+^ :7K/CG4;


3BN_HH3L[ATL%%%% %/

MH\8V&?[Q';ITKT2B@+G




L\@1

M.MM/L_B48K2VC6**
:' =J 8 R6)Z=S7I-007MI=2SQ6]U#-);OLF2.0
8VQ





]*L4EI]U


MIA

OQW-\USIT9A^RIYH(&*DN@8<O_ <G^]BNAHJO=7UI8K$UY=06XED
M6*

N+'<;./[*EM%$Q&Q5
[FQG!/K6K-+J@\?6T
5\S:8U@[S6@MU


?PYOM/FDM=%\
M6W^FZ!




(= L?$VB7&DZBC-;S@



MEGL]5=7




MU&0QV-RUW'.LC#G:^S[A/'&3UJ/QX ?&W@($ _\ $QD//_7
TGQ*_P0SX&_
M[#T?_H+40UM?J[F[)VZ*_YFAK_CB:QUMM!T#0KC7=8CB$LT



M0G


M:N[$K


CFJ4.JW7AG7]$M?#/Q /BFUO;M()-
GE2ZE2


MW6;N.PBD7K&K_?8?1 WXXKKJX7Q[^X\2^+V0_N(]6,39Z!I(VG\_YU-KM)








N6#J#@L
8
MS4^?E^MOZ_R#_/\ 3_

U'0=/FFLKJ\C6X=[A87@D610(60\


M2:\*30N'1AY/8C@TXK6UNO\ [;_7_#W%N_\ MU_G_7_#'4Z!X@_MFYU6TEM?




J2[


^MH/%
M/A*YT*[E6&WNOM<=S&7;[JN4Y0GH





M@@TNX1KN+YHY&W*2JN.&QQG!/WJ4-XOU_*7]?



MM$2]5IYY B*3& 


MPTG39(;F\A.8GD=@50


D

J171LW_#/CBXU;79] UK0KC1-9B@^TB!Y



MZM#

IZ&H]=N;VST.\N-/LOMMVD1



M&M1U:\_9[UN._P!




ML-O=?:X[F


*K

DG&
4^

M;UQQFNB[45'6Y70\?\9:3JO@[X2:U86MDMZEY=7



MI)*LJE&Z









#.'=!\A/;/6N3\-ZUXCE^-7B*&7P^WD
L$4S'4$(M8@&V2 8^;?

MDRS9'8#'2CX8

M)KUL:'PV\43Z7\*8=2\0V)L=.LH T-V;A9FNP6.2%'*G=@8/))K0/Q#UNTC_
(9;N&


MMQ8#)( ZDXK.C^)5[::N=(UWPE?:?J
Z



MQM\
\]=-N_YK7:?I&E6GBKQ+I_B'QOKGAJ\.HRW444&JT@GAD.5==PP6['
74=2G2:*8JC$)P 6VYP<\<\5TG@$!?@_I   ']F]OH:4G9.79
M)_G_ )#6Z7F_T_S.8^)OBJZU7X=Z/J6A6$EQI^H7$
CS?:5B



CFQUW3[A5CMW Y!E!P

M@?[)+


M(5U9^
+[PSI_ARYU._@MTGA$

M;1M:LD626TDE6561NC*Z\

MB_\ 1IHAK:_5/\+_ .03=KVZ-?C;_

RI9P



8NHRW2\OCE1%C<5SD!CC.,XKB=&O4U'P
MO\5+R))4BFEN'02H48J8.#@\C(P?H:]#^'JA?AUX=C _L^$_P#C@HBM+OLO




)(+B0([_
3N13RX/^SGGBCI?R3_





*S]2_P2Y:)_V![C_P!#%<IJ^EWFL:!\

M









M




M3:-K5DBR2VDDJRJR-T977AAT[=ZS=% _X79XG.!D:=:C/YU';J7^.VK*#@G0
M(@#Z?O341V7FG^%_\BI.U_5?C;_
DE^(NI7M[=KX8\(WFM6%E
E)?P7NJ06JPW0M:S%B-Q!#?.A!Z8]C6








[-[_ 'F'&0!QGK6;;W]G8?'?5([R




CBL/3['0U\.^/+[1M6U_6#_ &:]O+J.I3I-%

M OJHG13M/&]83\Q7)')QZUN^(?&

M


UR7PQ\4ZC8^&M?O]=TJ2WTRUN;JYDOC=K*QD#?-

 &M4O/]/Z7_!-NW^('B.1(;^;X?:FNC3!6
MCN8+F.:?:V



M/-0N%)P'

MMY:-;0Z;&P:X\UUVA#']X$$\Y':HZ-K5I[?(NR]U/2]]?F:WB/Q\FAZQI.G6













CU-]333K1=0==C72P*)67T+XR
M1P.



MSC-4/#&M_P#1^&=.UG[/]G^V0B7R=^_9GMG S^5_('^9J/&DL;1R(KHPP5

L;41VZ+Y!







ML/M




M.F


M] T:ZU%-0N-)L)KY/N7

*\N!@;F





B


MVEFEG;6T




MM'[';_;O+\K[3Y2^9LSG;NQG&>
1-




^2^:U@:\C0QI<&
&15/50W4 ^E+!96EK+/+
M;VL

EP^^9XXPID;&
L1U..
FI)7\J%Y
9VJ6QZXKS72/B)XUUW2X-3TSX;^



M)& \NT8&XCDX' STJQ10!1;1M*:WNK=M


ML[6YLGLY[:&6U=/+:!XPR



M.2&9=LD4BG#(P[$&LK6_'^EZ1XJTCPW&5NM2OYQ&\228^SH1]YN#STPO&:=K
M-(71LW+[0='U2XBN-0TFQNYX3F*2XMTD9/H21T'2K%S86=ZD275I!.D,BRQ
M++&&.OW67(X([$=*L44AE#4M$TG651=4TNROE0Y075NDH4^VX'%2_V98?:8
M+G[#;?:+=D,OE+NB4]0IQD ^@JU7 O\0M7UYG;PQX-N]9TZWF:&6]-Y';J





M3TK'T[Q]J


M 1ZBL3Q-XRFT?5;?1=(T:?6M:GB


W+O1]
O[NWN
MKS3K2YN;8[H)IH%=XCG.5)&5.?2DU+1=*UF-(]4TRROD0Y5;J!90I]0&!Q5Z
MB@L-/LA8&P%I;BR*&,V_ECRRA&NW&
8[4?V=9?V=_9WV.W^P^7Y7V;RE\O
M9C&W;C&

MT+VI388&C!3;TQMZ8]JGHHW!:%'3=%TK1HWCTO3+.Q1SEEM8%B#'U(4#-316

!Y=HPNY@

MN\W*!MV






XD4GEB!T![UN6VAZ9#



H_X$1G]

%U/\ZKLB7=N;DC.
C@
_#NLG


=\U)=^%=:ET;XBVZ669=8E9K%?-3]\#$%]?EY!'S8HE?E\[/
@V.GW4/@:WTZ2

YQU[YQ65X?\ #4G_  JJT\-ZS(93I_V:X0L&V$@CJ1
MQUX-5-J
I-;*WX.7Z?F3#6

MA







MS6!X \0A?B-=^&]







M5JV\OEX^](2NXDG/ X'K70^)-%U_\ ''A'4;6W\RTT^6Y:ZDWJ/+#Q;5X)




MH_B-KDMGXP@LM=UW6=!\


MB6WAFUBE5[FZ-Y'=O

R_-BZKU?Y(FO_
M (EZI8?#2.XO;FVU@:HVCW%]Y1=(F4G=
$ Y^49QCKV[5ST_CS0/#T1U30O



A+HW#A



M_=



NLL_FKOJGQ
M W9LDUK8MC=!P?\ EB5+84Y&#ZX-9'A[1?%MAHJ^';?P9HFD
D/E/K2W*2+(




Q(RHB5=H&

M1W

M!TR8 :]$KA+K0M8N];\ WILB%TR.7[=F1


M+;:W9R:W=*L+7@MI+=M_+98$
IXX&#GUS75Z9XN;KPUXBA\07$1U/QS/=-

M6#SDBBD462

XXS5Z'POX

EWKNI



MR

M* @\C-=CXCU'5]9\7:7X.TS4Y=

$=/Z4]'TS7/%OBCQA9W'BK
M6+#2[74=D26

?$6D:AXCTJWT/3=)F-S'9




+VLF
M]3YBK'@G .1SZXK=\1:+#XB\.W^CSN4CO(6B+KU4GH?P.#4SNXJV]D.'Q.^U



MK@'/ [XQ2W&AZC)\7+37%M\Z;'I#VSS;UXD

MXSQFO0/A?XP/BBSU2U.H_P!IC3K@1Q7_ ))B-Q$PRI92!AA@@\#.
U1L;+QG


-7
3
N\1QN

U)/1K^MK
M];?,[*ZM].TV:^US[)+Q;8^=

MIT]WF:UM-







M:MX(\=Z3H4VN7^L:/K


MX$[B1^&=W4!?NC@#UK$TS0/$_AG6M2B@\&Z5K37MU+.NM37B1N$=LA9 RLYQ


*V1^-=9X5\
^U&=;BSU&*-#&7*<XC)8@*<###D


VQ4
M1C]SUW#FNUTFQ_LO1[*P
SS&V@2'S7ZOM4#)^N*Y+Q-H.NV?BZ#Q?X9AM[RZ

DU_4=6T3





7MO?3PM'-L .^-\JNXCC#
M8YS2:!X?\2^


F^5*EZLB_;6$BY&4@\ @G.,].175Z7H
MFH6_Q0U[6);?;875E;Q0R[U.YESN&,Y&/<4[1-%US^(WBC5I[?98WT5HMO+








GR?@N ?QKTKQ9!$W@#682@
M

M&)L\!NJJ?EW] &(.
FLCQ)H'C/Q1X/DLK3PGIGAY8'B=+**YBEDN-C A590J
M(HZ\D]

526U^[^[E?ZDN
M^K7;\;K]##TV#5?!OQ+TO0?^$@U/5]+U6UFD*ZI-YTD4D8!RKX'!XX^M






X]!S6KXMTG4


X'QG\1

%/L7F:JMPPB3S8P)4\\.&!W8 (R<$@U:2U7I^:O^ XM<R;[
MO\G\B7Q5HOB/P_X4E\7Q^,]7DU:TB2:2V9U%DXR-R$#T/4DFMKQ+JVK:UK/





M3XF\7:7X22RDU4RI%=S&%'10P5MI;GG/; P22.*IVWCW37T\UK4;+4]'M+






PP7
M8H!W
Y)X ![TSPYX]TOQ%J
+M*UC1+O5;-
MYF2S#_:('C*31

6<G!3H5SU!(J[%K^C:M%X2NM5
MT35H+R:[,=BMW$8GBE$9R[+OY4C..O7I0D[V\[ ]%?U.\HKEO$/C[2O#VHKI
M@MM1U35GF&QTRV



-Y(!QZC(HN%CNJ*Y:[^(
M&A6_@=O%\
DUWI:@?ZA!YF2P3&UB





M@_+CW-4U:_K87;SU.MHKF_#7C;3?$US/9Q6VH:?J
26QU&V
$RH3@-@Y!'

X
MH6NP/0Z6BN#F^+&C+/(;32=?O[)F674K/3FDMD*DALOG) QU -9GQ,U6QOM
M\':K;W*-8RZY:3+



M%U3/)R


MBMP 
$JI8Y]N
?4BFZCXAL]






EHY)P






MOKCXLZ_I\ND^();54BA@A^S?);E0Q9VRV%5R
JQZ\=*] T_Q'8:CX83Q!&7B

MRW




$DB#JR\D$?CG@U6NOB?I
&I7FG6^E



MAYI+78'H;-%5[]H5TZZ:X0O (G

3$/)CL.
DX'(YYH6JOZ

O^!/2LB]^*


]\8]ZZ/7O$FE^&]

MXM6LS!Y^!D[#D@GVSFHM5^)6DZ7K%_IZ?JU]J5DR!K6QM?.DD#*&W* WW0
M





MN/$MEX:^
'B26YBNKF::PM4M[2SA
L\[ 


AVR!D9YQG&#1L!V

M(_







M4








?NHG
M(#-[ D5/\6[W3C\





FUKQ79+



M5[;4O#'AC0&@






M&



M'J@U+3]!MX[L-N5V=Y A]5#




MU%+R1RH.62

#!Z@CUZUE:7


MJ#RVC7


M32%662UM_+2/#C

CV.:N67A30M-U*#4+'38;6Y@MC:QM#E%$6=VW:#M//.2
T+S[/\5_6@25
![^M5?$?B!
MO&O@3P3JEY9K USX@MXY8@=R'#.I*YZJ<5W6H?WP3JFJG4[SP_;/=%M[
K.


#?'JEHR'T/F ?UKOZS]8T33M?LEL]3M_
M/MUE24)O9?G4Y4Y4@\&MI6B:\_TL2][^7ZG:W_ 
EE\*_]@^]_]DJJ4FE^

M(*.OMO7/X5UVK?#/P;KFJ?VEJ&@V\MWNW
ZLZ;SZL%(#=.X-=-:VMO8VL5K:

M&2/
7#9&

Q^


+P3@8'H!3C9?C^-O\ (;=TUZ?@VS1KQ[4[

M?7-
AO$3[A?*NGKM92&'3L:GJF'1HXG2-&O;7XGV3ZUX\76-6M[*7%FFE+ ?


MRGYBBD8P1&3L!X[B]]/3\%8;=W?U_'4Y^W$-U\==.G%J8%'AH211.H#19DQ
MC R 01Q5[5P$^.'AQE #2:7=*Q]0*ZXZ%II\0#7C;?\3
6_V43[V_U6[=












MLR.OL&4@X]LT?U^%OZ^X1YPDVII\=/#EMK.OV.I7:6ER/)M+;REM\H3@_
22
MV
\]


<?-R&&.?YM;Q'X#\

M LH9HWP
\;D()')XSBM#1/#^D^&[ 6.CV$-G;@Y*1#[QQC))Y)XZGFE'16?]
M?UV'+5W1+K'_  [_P#Z]I/_ $$UXZ8DF\$?:.10R'4;?(/0X5C7MDT
=Q!
M)#*NZ.12C#.

M+_YBFKQLO/\ %(Y;XL*#%X2) R/$5K@^GWJ]$K.U;0M-UP6@U&V\\6EPEU!\

M (69\0)]H\S[3;)N]O*SBNHUWP?H'B6ZL[G5].2XN+-P\$HD=&0YSU4@D9YP

HP#@G X]










M=3LX;NUD^]%
@93Z'GO[TY.\N9=_\_\ 
#1-/M];NM8BM]M_=1I%-+O8[
ME7[HQG Q[A:-?/\58'K^'X.YQ42

(!_E3_A'=V4'






MO_Z/%=Y7

7_!_'_ACRGQ/


M/Q5:+:ZWIL-Y&IRA?*LG^ZRD
/P-.]K6\_Q5A6O?Y?@[G+^*=4TS4+GQ1HND




X\M&(_BXS@]JY/X;Z+XKO/








3N1@
X()



U]9^)?@[P_J?]G:GKMO



M8^*(_6@-J+6S74[R)!;6R-M,TK'KGM_@*Y^'7_ (@:7?6DNOZ!IUUIUW
L




MZ 




M_D7;^ON_S/2:*\UL_&?C3^V[OPI=Z/I










M[

_MX%GN[O4)&$$ 8_*I?
6(_+BI](\5ZM;VNKKXNTG[!-I47G27=L':U

TC7TL?


MCJ


M.O.







MO/$TZW


%!DX. %5B.
MQZ=Z;]W<%KL=SJVL6&AVJ76HS^3\J0JVQFR[GC@GDFD76=/?77T1;C.HI

MT/0**X+4O%GB75?$VH:%X-L-




M$-Q)]MC3&3\Q&PL!GCCTK2UWQR;?3M$_X1^T34=1UTC[!%))L3;MW
[GJ%4'
);[Q4-<\&V/B
MBPTY96UN*6*[TR1SV P*


-CX!QDC!X(Z9J]7$#QCJ/V+QQ-Y-KNT%W6U&UL/B$.

)/_P +)\'_ -D_V1C?-]B^U^9_K=GS^9M_




MH6M_*WY


M\8H6R?E?\6OT*:LW_71




T%PJD!@ WS*PR.#VI+4ENQV%4--UK3]

\$A!:-MJ94XXX-.*O]U_
MQ7^93T7SM^9Z
S!5+


4



%_/+]IDV-@_=&V
G' ;I
M7H&DW-[=Z5;3ZC8&PO'0&:V
)/&_ASPB81KNJ1VCS_ .K38\C
/7:@)Q[XQ6]'(LL:
G:-I-OKNF3F^FNYI/L
*X_Q'\1)+'1?#&K:):1WL.M7*0K%



M3@;@OS
3Z#VJ?P_XA\0FXU#3_$VAF&[LX1
MUIZ226UTN.1&2

M/(ZZBO.'UWXFW=A_;-EH6A6E@$



M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
NQYEJ&
MKVOP_P#B1K&JZREQ#HNLVT#_ &U('D2*:/*;6V@D9!&*E\-WL?BKXA7OC&VB

M*^
]7D/BC6OL7A^UF_T?2EMYG-V5Z23


UOPE=:%IUO?R




M9-K%1W(ZXK&\7^

FF1W9DQ(^H*Y58\
M')79_%G&
\4GLUZ?@K%)ZI]K_B[G&?#Z[NO%OB*?Q#J%N\;Z79II:JXZ7'6X
M(_':



M_0GKCONJ6B?/Q3X:DD=-8TZVOGN;9XV4HK%RIR1@YR.AKVNBI:]WE\K?BW
M^I496E?S3_!(X[POQ\']
_[ R?\ HJCX4?\ )+?#_P#UZ_\ LQKL:*N4KRE+
MO_FW^IFEHEV/.?BEJ5[82:



M0VKNJ*3UBX^27W7_ 
QO62E_6R7Z'ANF6D][^S!=06T3RRD3




MTF+^R[#Q!HU[I^6V7VI)



M7XZV=OG=Y7AD)GUQ+BKWB+_DKW@S_KVOO_0%KNZ*KFU3[7_&_P#F)JZ:79+[

MIY6_+_(IRUOYW_/_ #/*--^*-EI'A.UT62QOE\6VUH+=-(:SE+/*J[000








M I_%?^O

MT1/B?X-U;0K;5'TV666'^T]1EE(G9HSM1!*=V!DG. 6[XKWJBB+Y6G_ %U
M6J^1Y5:ZY:?#7QAXF_X2

M\41V^G_9]/8H='$D31S76PABS;CT8C\#K7JM%);6[;#O:5UZGF$OQ;M9=%3
M3]%L;N?Q:8TC&DS64H,4AP9#@ *

M*:ZM/.6=PG)+




\0V^C31V.

M#6XN=/CUN)I+UH'BCWX8!%W@%C]XG P





MX6/A_R;KXA_Z_I__2D5T_QO8-$UWP/KU^7CTRQGE%S.L;.(M\0Y@GDUZ

\


M^9M4MM.


@X88

M;_YA+WM_ZV_R/-7D^'UQJMQ-XBT[4_7BGSG4'3O/+RG/#QLB;&W9Z[03G\



MQJ%VPL%

;#4D\UY !)]QR
M78X 85Z]136C5NG]?CJ)ZWOU_K\-#S[P/S\1/'__ %^6W_HJK'@7_D:O'/\


M\FU_3X]

M\HJ^;5/SO^7^1

-

M^@BL'0
IRK#(-+112&%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 454U#5=.TF)

M$$'D$4M !1110 454;5-/74ETYKZU%\R[UMC



RN

M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%



^I6EU=7$*/)!:Q*7E*$_(@ R?\ ?:LK5?




F-OLC)]M:WS<
MK\K_ A\\#CICN:A'C3Q+XA\1:MIGA.UT=$TM_+EDU.23=*V2/E5.0,@\GVZ
M5GWW_)QNG?\ 8./_ *]9.OZ/X$U[Q;J3VWB?PYK4#9EEF/DQNYR5#E3GU


M_8(1+:SY94D&.#C!(/X54\$^
_&/BVZL+HZ'90:&ZE;B[W$
7 .=BE\XS@=#

55/0D#@?GBO*/A[X#L?&N









MKPTTEVT-QYLLWE


QDSCC@'!^N!


ML? GBU/&?AI-3$ @E$C131!LA6&.A]#72UY9\!?^1'N_\ K_?_ - 2O4ZN
M:L]/ZT(B] HHHJ2@HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH \U\9^*;Z/6I]*E^
M&MQX@L[=E:*Y:)I(V)0$E1Y3 $9*\'L:YM?$)5@R_ T@@Y!%ET_\EZ]NHH \
MI'Q/\3+RA\+M7\O&W;^\QCTQY-9T?B^\A@G@B^\Z0W'^NC6V(63G/S#R.?

JPPH
+'&)%51[ 0


MQ#=VKVMS\*M4FMW7:T4BR
C#T(
WBJ<J+F%Y,?3=
M:]@HH \EM/B-K]A;K;V7PHU*VA7[L<*R(H_ 08KF-9USQ3JWCO2?$W_!:S%
M_9Z!/LWE2MYG+'[WEC'WO0]*^@:*.MPZ-'C]EX[U?3999;'X07MK)


3U]:COO&^I
MZG*DNH?!V\NY(_N/<0-(5^A,!Q7L5% 'E#_$OQ'+;M;R?S57@92C1L)I4C
M&/)QC':H+3Q_K5A9M9V?PCO[:U;.888W1#GK\H@QS7KU% ' ^ ?$-U?7\VF

M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 45S_B#P1X=\4W


M P %'5F))P!R2372Z-X\TW6-9_LA[/4]-OV4O%#J-J83




L&=

UO9V
M?FNFTXWG!P%)SC)SQTKH-%\3:5K^BG5K*X_T1-PE
HV&(K]X
#TQ1TN'6QKT




<')SD 8!R35?2?'^F:IK2:1+8ZIIEY*T:C:F'SP.I3DY_'
M%U!Z'5T5YK9^

M<K\1];N=\%7US9QW


P3.-V#P1]#18#H**Y#4
.=&A\(/XGC::XT]%
M81)B0'<%(*L1@@GG-U5PMK8Z2BN


$@BA0O)

MJ6E7\H+0V^IVQA:4#J5Y(/TSFHM0^(FDZ?K=_HQM-2N=0M-G^CVMMYKS;EW?



201

MLLJ0Q/+*ZI&BEF9C@ #J37$M\5-$RTT=AK




MRIZY[T+5_-?B'^3_  /7:*X^'XCZ.^KP6$]GJMFERXCMKRZLVC@G8] C'GGW



MV.^HKNO$$7AWPU;W_B6:*?8B2B'+AY2/NH
9.3FL[3/B)I=]J
%A=V&K:1


\

8'6J=M\2]%N(;A7M-5@U$A?[,FLV%TY()&V,9SG![\=\4@
MM8[*BN?\.^,-.\2[C@AO+2[M

-=
M(\-76G0Z@9MM^'
4L2;U&T \X.3G( P#DFJVD^/]
U36DTB6QU33+R4%H$U&
MU
/G@=2G)S^.*%J#T.KHK+TS7K75=0U.QB2:.XTZ813)* 


:AX
7) PY*N.Q'Y4 ;-%</-\4M)0-/;

M 

T8ZC;V\]EJUK;7+B.WO[FS:.WF8]-K'GGU(%:OB#Q
M=IWAZ:&VFBN[N^G4O%96
!FF=1U.T=!]2* -ZBN9\/\ CC3=?U&731:ZAIVH


M&;)&% !SW]JSX_B7H?\ : MKR#4M.CD4M!=7UHT

X R=A/)X]0* \SL:*Y3
M3/B!IFHZW'I




MFTR1(YF=0%8LN1MP23^(%1VWB:RNM9UC2TBN!/I2(\[
HVL'4L-O.3P.X%+S

RMO-=PRAMR@'[H!&2<<GO5G6/&^FZ.;:%K74
M+N_N8A


M/&NC:5H^FZM-

?7W HMK8.ESKZ*P?$/B[3/#;P07(N;F]N

MPH_KBH] \::9X@NY+%(KRQU&-=[V5_ 89@O]['0CZ&A:[ ]-SHJ*XI_B=I)N




[2PUNY^)?BFWL/%*Z)=R2QRK$]A'.UQ%L





2<9].E

3U]!Q0]OD
ME^7^12??O?\ /_
\]U*Y\4-X#FO[K5_#VCZ4]H?*@L[8R8C*_*@+
%W'[N 

GI;U_%
M6
'XJ*I\/Z82 2-6ML''3YC4#O':_'(-?$*+C2!'9

PBNX@<J'RI]0PP1^!I+37




J# E#



?#B0'Y/[0L3G_@%=58?#
MCPCIGVC[+HDFX1HY[NYVL

M HP
-G=D#C.::=M?-/[KBM?[FOO.%\4VVI2?%VR^RZZNB//IACMKF2U2=9&#


U)\
88XK'Q
M 40*6UNZR1WP0!75Z9HVGZ.;LV%OY)NYVN9_G9M\C=6Y)QTZ#BETS2+'1X[A
I#4$TV$X;<!N;RP?\ KGG9

R 1 JVT\CMP:W/&RK


[2-V#ZYJCJWP\\)ZY?F^U#1H9;DG+2*[QESZMM(


M  /\C:K@K:)&^.5](1EDT5-I]

8.0
9QU



MK^K%1^._]=?ZN3^*=2T3_A5M[



MW-QJ.FQW



M^6:72-5T0_#^VO%GMQI4=DJN21M4!
%2/7MBNE(R
'I7*R_#7P=-J?\ :$F@
M6QN
[B

M/S\.M=_Z]6_I7+^

A22-
MQD
IZ@UA6O@3PW9:?;V-OIVRVM[L7L4?GR';
!@-DMG\.GM2CH[ONG]P/]&O
MO



M

:?:-/(TT4C[EAD9/W18D#!XSR


M]%*H93^!K%T3P%X7\.WAN]+TB&&X[2LS2

M_P9B/&K?'. NH9DT(D$]CYN,_J:EAAC/QNNI@WC1$PWIF4C^E=4=&T\ZZ-








MW
;12EG=V*D8(#




FB^)TMF^SMY&])HL\J=PV




MA9 Q;(.[/4DXSCVJKJ]_-?@[B:T^_P#%6
'XMJO_  @;_*/EN[?''3]X*35]
M5UX\=_V1X?L]'AU*.R5Y]0OT)?RF/W(PNV#S@G%=;J^CV&NV!L=2@\^V+J


MILU]_P +KLX-3UJTU&[33I49;6#RU@YSL/))/?GIFMOX8SPPZ;K5I.Z)J4&I



4+33U_.X-7U]/RL1Z&

MLB!A;X'*







M
OG6[;V78^





M:?XDTF*]L)T?*CS8L_/$_=6'4$5S6IWL'B7XBZ)8:;(MQ'H[27=[-&=R1L5V











IS0;KRS5U@DWL-@<8;@'!SCN*M/6[_K1
'?\ L.VO\S7;U1U/2+'6$MTOX/.6VG2YB&]EVR+]UN








M[;6;/F8]P#S7JD!F-O&;A46;:/

M:!Y%K%+N-SJ4RK)]G ' 6
D;F)_#CFD


MB3D_



[F(_VJ/Z_+
M_



/(**BN;B.UM9KB4XCB
M0NQ] !DUY_I4WCGQ?IZ:]9:W::-:3$O:6/V)9C(@/'F.QR
X_A[&@#T6BO
M
M1\=:O)\
-7U*/R['7=



ZBAN-,6T+ KG'RR9+

M(


B\8QT/^1+JD?C+4=2O/)UBU\-Z9!($MY6MX[F2Y&.6.YL*
]!

5Y7((YQQV[50TB?X@

B6WV%'^TX[R

M2X\ :)XL@Q#&)HWU&%4#!X=Q1R
Y(P?F&#6SXJUF[@N]$TK2KCRKS4[H#S55
M6*0(-TC 

M7.8]




!O8#D@9I
M-V*2N=)5)]6L8]8BTEIU^W2Q-
L(!SL!P6/H


]& K+U33=;F^-]O\ 9]?^SEM/
J'[&C[(0^&BY/.2

VDSIYBZ.WDM&



@C(
TE\U0
NN
M



MFN:7'XDAU6QMH9D

MM5);WZ6_


M\9^-K





A@$)R#[^E;^FZQ?W'Q)UO299]UC;6D$D
6Q1

].



MM



L.W))&*0



M  _&DW8%J7:*\OU^Z\:^'-(EUN[\8Z89H4$CZ4]E&D9_V%?=O)]/4UZ+I=[_

$=TMLMO)!-C*
?X?\.'
M?Y?B=8S!5+'H!FLOPYX@M/$^B0ZK91S1P2LRJLR@
-K%3D D=1ZUC66L7]Q\



ZE0#G&1U]:


M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% '#









WQ!I0USP]J&EF3R_M=N\0?&=I(





CH


9\LOYF=H;IG':NSHHHZ)?UU_P PZMD%



M/;.YO/AOJ=K:V\T]P]LJK%$A9V.5X ')KK**'JG'^M%;]!IV:?K^)5TQ&CTF


MM+93*8]TB'8
9S@#G%=1\1+*[O? #VUI:S7$YDMSY449=N)%)X'/ %=G13O^



MPMHVJ:=+XXM[C0_[/2[MUDM8+:
F+F-AL1@



WD=K
]K#;7*RS+&2B$J
!FZ

KKD$#CK7I%%):?C^+N/O\
MOP/

:4.&F9#. ,GUZ5UOASNK;Q#XMEGMIHHY]0





( 6B#'!&?4'/H*] HI?\#\- ZW]?Q=SR



M'S(5;G;GD'I6QH&C_P!KVVL%OMCX?TZ]MC;6ZBU6*[=67YC)MX ]%Z\5WM%
M3;2WR*OK?YGG&B:WXBT'1;?PS-X5U?4[:+[/!=0J#9NHX5VDS\HQC(QG\ZU



M+V[U*$1)$@8



X4OC:S#Y0_4[03@$4:!JVO^%-)A\
7'A?4KZ[M@T5K=VJJ;:5
G:SN3^[X

M#U''2M'Q5;W]E/X

M\T?0KE$%MI]VY

1Z5Z710M'<'JK'F/B_P_J%UX]MH;2TED
MTW6/L_V^58V*)Y#EOF(X&1@#-=3X\\/S^)?=Q86GEFY5DFA20 H[(<[6SV/

M:W



MZW[J-@1]C

MG&3Y;




M[/[/BEC\CR\^9O&
[L\8^AI+XD_ZV8WLU_6Z.::75/'/B+1I?[#U#2M(TNX^


XR[?+*#@Q\\Y((P0:]7HH6BM_

MWQ*T*Z%K
;:+3)HY)A&=B



M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH 9++'!$TLTB1QJ

6=OON+19YM1(
M43*S*&+B0Y(P?PJI=6ECXA\?:#H5U=G5-%M-*-W$9)1(MU(&V!G*X#X _GZF
MJ::?+U_X?_+YDIW7-T_X;_,]$L-5T[58FETZ_M;R-3AGMYED /H2I-20WMI<
MW$]O!=0RS6YS1I(&:
D9 8#D9]Z\^\2Z/I_A;Q7X7U/0K.&QGNKX65Q#:J(


(N2C9.!

2GHS GY0?4U)8ZC9:












M_+_


U#9:)8:'


^M3!68D!L;5)'8@8_&J0GTC1/L8\5_#DZ0+:5FI:


LL

MCMPR[B=C@ABQ[]L4+9=]?P8NK[:?BCUFUO;6^MEN;2YAN(&Y66&0.I^A'%54
LO%MS=?\(FGA[2+BT99[


X1&;Z GFKRL&4
I!!&01
MWKP[PI'JFJZ.^JS_  YM?$


ZN(H%=Q&K2N%#



M[D3S$#;7###/0CUIOB33[6T^!.GBRMX;9IULI)&AC[W)3+G'4^YHCM?_#^
M-OZ_IE3T;7^(]0&LZ9_: T_^TK/[=C/V;SU\S_OG.?TJ]7F/Q%\):+I?P_NK

M3KX3\+76I*UN;I0%MXIWVB1R0

M1
Z F





;M?7R_




 T9+1_

]



MEZL'.FZE9W@3[WV:=9-OUVDXI9=6TVWDN(YM0M(WMD$DZO
H
2GHS GY1[FN
%-%D^)/BBQDL()-.MA;
MRPV+H# CNG+
_+GCCCC)I-$MX-
U#XCZ591&RAC62*%.$0OQ; [=*3=HM

8K.L;VPN?A+#;^(KZ_


MYELT%RTD9)P^ #@^V

M:W

M&A.W# @;FP

D' ;)(





M2M8I'DC5BZ
I+*21RI/;I0E[UO-+\R;Z7\FSMOM2W.N6

M@MXDAACTJX5(XUJH#+@ #@L7P)X8T;5M6\67NIZ?;WLBZQ/$BW
8D5!D$D




MV_X/WG4_;+;[9]C^T0_:O+\WR-XW[







QMFF@NX4S(Z#<I
GWCR.YJI-*\NG_ 3_4(J



M$-C9RH&B4.

M8PK*S^9M#!@
]/?%=;7FVFZ+8:)\:S#IT2P02Z

Y
MKTFG]E?UU8/?[ORN?\ %&L3V$=EIVGN%U/4YO(MV(!\L8R\A!Z[5!./7%=!
M7$7!-Q\:;**3[EMHTDL0/]YI I(_ 4EJTOZTU#HW_7;]2SK.L:C8^/OVDPW
M1^R7D=Q]I4HI





M


M739 (9MZ
RD.=H! !/4]:EWMH4K7U.9MM+\?:A;PZD?%UC:M*BRBQBTU9(1D


K+T9&;JK$@#WXK)7X?ZM
MI

$@/DDDX!&21




D#@Y*-N)/&?4CFL[X?DQ7?BJU5B88=9F
8]
M-P#$?F:=M6OG_7WATO\ U_6AVM%%%( HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB









MD

MYO;&3G'U&?:L^3P'YGAKP[H_]I8_L:ZAN/-\C_7;
\8W?+G/7)KL:*%IKZ?A


YZ_I6W4$]Y:VTL







M)+'W)IGAGPO:^&(;V.V=G^U73SDL





YGQ
M%X1_MC4+?5M/U*?2M8MT




YOQ3X3



QMW?AU]ZT?$7A'^V+^UU6PU*
M;2]8M4

[O+:PMGN;RXAM[=


;4BB0*JCT ' J6JD[O0B*LCS


U9\-^$8]#N[K4KN_GU/5[M0L]Y. N5'\*J.%7VKI**%H#U.%M/A
M]?:;//;:;XJOK30YY&DDL$@0L-Q)(24\H/H
^]+_ 

M2?R

]/6J7B+PB==T/3K*+47


M$274-




GB6%)X';
MNPC;@



F

DL+)(
MLT
\)P\
B]&4^M;%%#U_
!XSI=SH:Z?.VF
M^/I]T9GD

8#EMHZ9/







?P'J6GW5P


[=7
M)'0]




MM+BYGMH;J2XM\:)) 6CR


M3BC



M
ZE<27UPAZHTAR%_ 8%=#)%;7]N%ECA


O;-9_CC]QXB\'7

MNGN
J21AYU*CD#G&
^^:Z^/P=X4^Q(TGAS1@OE@LQLHACCDYQ6?\5N?AIK _

M&WU;4;;3-3M4$-U:WL@A9)%&#C=C(/7CUH5M?E]UO\_T$^GS_P!_7J7= \(
M+X:UZ]GTRY\G1[J,-_9V5CFSRR'/R@CMC^0K(\8Q+XG\7:/X3(WVJ*VH7Z_


MFXE^Q-.27-ON^3)//KCVQ377Y?@_Z^0GLOG^7]?
T=*\-?8/$?B'4I622+53
3]G<;HQ^ ROXNOKBO#P\_





4]S]J2WC#CJJ%OOD=
M\5HVGC33)_#M[K-PLUHE@62\@F7$D+KU4CN3D8QUR*\P\



M\ :G/\MI9W5H\\G9%


PZ^6&Y?'/3'(J#X31[OAE:*F S


N)(&3[RL/4?K7(ZSXWU.]\)ZE=7'


4(P4'(QW.
 #

MSK
$\H;UP


IM'T*PFU719XM7O9#%!I5O


O[+_K

M2PXR3VS7+Z?IFFVOB7Q#8:[XOUCP_=F_DN8XX=1%M#-$YRK@L
$]CSV'I3WM

M)WMIH
KJJW[SH74

M3
M_PV/_HQ:KK\TOPC_F.UY\OK^;_R-;Q)XL30Y;*SM+;4]4OMWV6TA8+N &2
MS






#




M^8HZM1\G^;_R
A)#<8&IP.IZBH]

)+FXT2&_T[2YTM]DT@*73Y7<
%


M^=Y8NV^=8HWG?\ ORM*K.WXL34WCRXAL[_P3=W4J0VT6HJ9)9&J@V=23P*




M





%RHZLSG

MI4^LZUJ6D6


MM?#76)M

#KGVKK?!5WJ%WX5L7U'3/[/D2)$

3W7S_-'._%V\
MOK3X?WHL[5I$EVI/


CQ7












NX?$/C_Q#KFF
9=
@TO[%]H4?NYI




1R


MUN

K0VLTJ1F1D0L$'5B!





M!


MZ_D2GI?^MSH=#\:Q7\]_9:O82:-J5A%Y]Q;SR*ZB/^^KCAE]ZS$^(.K7=N=3





M26*
#
&*$8*#D8[G& !FJ$_B&_T7P'X+M+.^ATN/4((XI=3GB$B6P$8(X/&3

-]

M$



M#:E/WWGYQY6W^]FJ:^.M5L9$F\0^$[K2M

CI61)K9A\



MI7


?B[P:=.T(S

$878#U/7/%6-4U633OC#;S_8)[B[ET+9':0D%FD

7<\=O:QF0/-*P5%S$N
D\KQ*2_'&12KJ=!+*P


M*988IB;U+:( [7 _BW==HZ9YJOX+U_4K#3];M=&T?6+I=7N7D59U@CC4L
M9=NI.#P 3].*V='O+6S^
?B6YN889;JWM1;I(X4RD)R%!ZGZ5-\+%4:5KC
M %M:NLGUY%$=EZ?^W#G\7S_]M-GP_P
+'7= N=5D22Q6S=X[R*XX
#(
L#^





MHZQ 2!T\U1]QMIZYXQD5S%CXO\'^)]%B7Q#+I
-XBA;JRU+8ABE'W@!)SUSC
M%0MW_7]?\
7T7]?U_P .:WA+P];:$;Z32M16?1KQQ-:VR?
EN2/FV/DY4GG'
M&*Z6O./A[#9Q^*?$+^'=P\
GR_*P28C/_&8\_P /K^';%=_9WUGJ-OY]C=07
M4.2OF02!UR.HR.

**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH



2?5-
_LV[8D-;?:%FVC/!W*
'/6A;
'T+5


=.IK;H\PN0
MBTMEM#:WB%L5*&$(-FT]1MZ8]J6WMH+2WCM[:&.&
;4CB4*JCT ' %2T4




98E^ZXQT


T\2VTOV&V\RU!%N_DKF$$8(0X^7(]*D
MMK&TLC
;6U@@
TAEE\J



M['&D4:QQHJ(HPJJ

M^/U-:6CV!B\

M'!'*)DC2V0*L@Z. !@






_

M?7:!FKM5=2U#2M,N=0NBPM[:)I9HR=H&3@4-VUU]U5:;3[*XN/M$UG;R
M3^68O


MR :;6]^F@KE6PTS3]*A


MP^V?:/


W




&_S-OEX4MG&

Q3



M:* 
!
M5JB@!LD:31M'*BO&PPRL
@CT(JM::7I]A:&TL[&VMK8DDPPPJB$GK\H&*MT4
M 4;#1=*TIG;3M
LK-I/OFW@6



[1Z=*LT4 0&QM&OEOC:P&[5/+$YC'F!
YV[NN
]JKZ




PFM?ZZ7)=0T?



]\46]E




MACC)!'8U
^F6$FGC3Y+&V:RA!;M$ICCH-N
8]JCTZZOKE[L7NG?8UBG:.
HZ 9ZZ#HZ6(L4TFQ6S#!Q;BW01[@<@[<8SGG-618V

MZXSSBH+[1=*U22.34-



M




M  E7ANWU?[+]E\YG7RO

MC!$TMJC.

UHJJHH50%4#  & !2T4 5[2QL[-X[.U@MD=S(RPQA S'J
MQ ZD^M5K[P_HNJ2B74-(L+N0='N+9)/Q(-:-% #(XHX8UCBC5(U& JC 'X5

U8HH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** /-/BIHOVV]\.7']IZ






ERQ'&7

N1GCFGZ_UK_EL












MRMVC@
A*(QZD+T!-9]W_ 
]6P[$<J2.A%$=%\OU?Z ];^OZ+]3A









ZQ



MD%AJ






N!N* #:!Z\TX[_ -?TR97M_7](](HHHI#.(\8)



ML1M/!.

W




N/&NKZQ;37^GP:

Y#QDMT]

K]E1F& 







1_$I'7J:RM!O/$MAXH\87&BZ9


M$0'\)E!!
I.

*72;:2/KC-+X/O_'-






]AFK]D=3\'
M^-=+T2;5[W5=*U:.41-?OYDT


M'-


+Z[AN)8[E=-WK
CD.&V#D



M^U8& $3C:6P!EB

ML^5+R?Z'





8(Z@UIZ&GBN^GO+W6GBTR*6+R[;3XDQ@;_GHT
MF/F;V'%1'X?E^/\ 6QH]_POZ]3S;2=8@U-F_M[Q]KFA^)E9M]M
?)M8FSP-

DDD#V

[PY97^G?%V_


+6RU;Q1XW\5:;)XAU:




M/%6IV5[=!I;6UMG46T*9.U7C(^?CKGFLRSUC6F^#7B*^NK^Y74XKJ9?-69MT

FT.SM&2U\DW8O%D^U8& $3C:6P!EB,9K7N?#^J2)X&VN3ICH;



G?&*:Z7\_R


EC8/M(WXY!Y_2N

-JJ G8?N[67CJQ&:[]]%U _%5=:$'_$O




FK6KZ;XC\0Z!X;\_0_L=Y9:K

M][\-/T
_L+__OU_4YKQWXP@@\6IX?OO$%QH.FQVPFGN+2-C/,[' 1656V #
MG-5_7C*QB\8V6AZ5XGOM?TZ]CD&;]'
UO(HW [V5=RL








H &

M6-3N8Y-1D666ZN2\DRE&.UR
;@.P([5D^'?#VWXP^(7_ +8U8_91!-M-SQ-O

X)YY]
UGQZ9KFE?
M$V^U.WTM;S3-5CACEG%RJ-;;!C)4\M^%*.]WY_I8;V:]/S=S%3Q;?:%X:\;Z







M@&
*


1ZD#-=/X+TZZTGP9I.GWT7E74%N$D3<&VGTR0?PJM+RMMI;\3/72^^M_N1

G@?


##K(F
'/;VKE]&U?QWI.B6.F_\*_\ -^RV
MZ0^9_;


3R6ZU1_X5_J6GZ/#KEI*)_&

\7:-91G48K4V]WIMQ
JF1#\VT
M.


\-:QXAUGX;7
D=[:+K=O++:_:[KY8P4

9[X%;\

M?@JVTS5)=/?4$F
QC)*X\M224)PQ )QG.#1+:ZIX-\:Z!##XAU34K'5I9(;B
M'49A*58+D

M8#*V-R^8.7 ^4N.1NP1BI[R'5M$\;ZKJ7ABQUC[7'%_:&F?;%AFAD PKY.
M0 1Z]:H^'EU:Z^
-_-K0),VC /! ^];=3(-L9;N

$)]G(VG\Z.MD'2[.JHK-U/7]+T::T





JH[A#G&&900

5U8R'
A+#:N5!RK=#[4EKJ-Z&_167K?B/

M=@V-BBN7O/B-X2T]9S=:S%&8)VMI$

YVE@ W3MFA:[!L='16+K


]2*\[7QP



MR*Y81KG[H



C%GT^UOV2W;)R?EQG!]C7


&O?#S
M7CIHN%MK:\2SFN

@  5
M<NGPLT0%89+_69]-0@
MIIDM\S6RXZ?+U_6DU=./?K\K?\% G9J7;_/^D<H\)U;2OA?%JJ;S)?G5QD.






TZVT76=*2:Z


MZ=:RO=Q3:=&([2\MYO+GB 4+D
![#MCVHT+P3IVB7YU%KO4=2U#88UN]2N3-






M@'T%$=+7Z?\ !_SU] ?7S_X'^6ASWPTLK8:GXOO?)3[2VLSQ&0CYM@(.
^F2

=MK7C&!!'FK

M #*/CJZTJV\)W7]LVDMY:2

MC2M.1$_=R7?FR1X8 ! JA=WISTKT[6M%L?$&E2Z;J

MYG_A6&D3V
UKJ6I:SJBNA2-K^\
OV?(QNC&-H8=B0:EIV8T[-
R?%=K;ZC?_

MP

G;[


3CWKU*^T:WO_#\VBRO*+:6W-LS*1OE=N0<8SCVJE=
M^#](O_#=IH5W%)-;6:1K!(7VRH4&%8
N
-]*T;]YOS3_ #_S1
5:*7DU^7^1


PA/JHP #764NE@ZGEEII6OZC\0_%YT7Q)_8ZI-;B1?L
M
=QYA

;BB]6'/.:



MM]3MO








5O:PGAV#Q1I%S?*%UR0216#+YF

O^]L!V_CBM
M-M?TI=#DUL7T4FFQQF5KB(^8NT=3\N2?IUKD?A+#;R^$9;R1$?4;F[G-](PR


L'O[Z[AM[





M$
@:(
/
((!&0#WKJ(O$^BR^'TUX:A$FEN


VK+Y@W!=_;_=X]*O?$E=1N/%OA*SL5L'WRS2(FH[OL[2
^*XC6]+\:7E[H]QK5WX.L?LU[&T$\4

M;_
-OP':/KZ:S\3IC8:DUUI;Z
DL:1RDQ;_-()V] W8\9KNJ\]TJULK7XW:N





M?_!?Z#?7R_X'^9V.DZQ8:Y9F[TZ?SX!(T9?8R_
IP1A@#UJF/%FB-I%[JHO?

M



M.6EK^7_I17^'OCZU\2V^HI=ZBCWD


MNU@#CWQ7+W=G;W?QUM&N(4D

[6\PC/UP34UY#'%\;M
EC0(\VDR^8

MR3U'05JUPNN:A&GCR./1O#G]J^((;0;YY;KR8K:%F.#SD$Y_NC..]+K8/
WM




P^8*








M

M_#2VN$662^A1T/(88;(/MVKJ/B9;PH?DR1JLD6MVZ(RC!53G('MP./:KY?


M36[SZ/J$5TB'#A059?JK $=.XKE'CCNOCDJWRJPMM)$EBKC(#%\
P]^M7]=;

[@
$\U%[1YGY_A?_+Y%I7ERKR_&W^9

CHV0P/0

OEG3I3)%&I.?+!(R
$GCM56M=/H3?9HZ/4M2M-(T^:_OI#%;0C
CA&?
M:



48/U8
__ :LZ#_Q]_$+_KZ;_P!$
MBIGHG;L_NT_
([I/NOU

_LUP#_IC%_Z/%=5XYTFR

^B:_)$P]Z
?._YG=5S'C_Q
OA7P



?16(VL?8$UR'CBWCN_!G@JVE&8Y;^R1
MQZ@H0:T_BG:V\'AC3IXH8TDM-1MS 54#9\V



,ZSJ45JT@RB$,[L/4*H)Q[XK:K@-?T?53XX?6_VI:1)JT=HL%S


R;V! ((.

6;;!?7OF$




U5

H\)?$A)Q:+.))S(



VNH*KVBVL\


P4Y'UX]#7KP& !S



G.!W)-8?@&W\;

MP3&
C*X;/R]LUV+?=/THGHG;^M 1Y1X*\+77B?PS#JUYXP\513RRR@I!J95





VL^
M(OB!I^EZ +!WT-!?3?;M_D^:W [.<@<CZUGZJ_BWP[XOTCQ7XB71A:[AI]R


M]:7=VX2WU/3#:02-P/-63=MSZD'BNWDD2*-I)&5$4%F9C@ #N:/LW]?S#K;T

M_\ .DW)\6^*H!/:1OY




MN[KQ[J^A/XQ\5BUL[:&:-UU
[R7ZY.


M
30)-<BOXI=





TB2\^)&FBZAT_3I9(XVFW!$A+(=W4@




H:*76[='4C((.X$4VGS*/G8%JK^7Z'



*HC9.P L#Q\I (X;!YKE[.(
MW/Q5TR/5I(;F2VT%)+9Q\R-*6P[H2.3[^E2:Q:6

#&&&5.2

MX;[3;G'MY9YJOX?=9/B3X\*




F.J7I?\_P#(V=/^(OA+5=3_
*K*_^+/A*YC62-8;F38PR5 (R/K

T_7O&/




MNHSWUI?ZMI

C%





Y-P
M&R2&WC!R




=C?S/
X1E#








M&'S\=-XP0:ZK(SC(R.U+0!B6GA'0[/P[)H


7Q#X3TWQ(8);EKFWO+?/D7



BADDC8






MPU&-/+6\T^X


J3ZYKJ**'J!Q=K\





MZMJNI02SO-J;I)



D\USJ

N[\-:;J7A^+1=3B:^
E0PWMI<W$]O!=0RS6YS1I(&:
D9 8#D9]Z


#)


YXH_K^OP!Z[F7XB\)Z9X

NZ!IWB/3C8ZE9(=P=

R0MZJN 
_7/2NNHH6FJ
M!ZZ


-O&S! \KA 6/ &3W/I4].[OS=0Z6.


?9]*NENH&WKO9U)(#';@CYC
MT K?U+3K35].GL+^!9[6==LD;=/Z?6K5%#UW!:;'$P?##2$EC6YU+6KZQB8
M-'I]W?%[9
'(^3'('H2?QKM0 H    X % ((R#D'N*6BX&3XB\.V7B?2CI]\



+GPZ
ML9$T%LL_FYX8D_


MFM_:XO+T_2(X_.NM^2TKC/EJN.3@KWZL!64?'NL6L7]H:IX
O[/1

M?)H+7+_$;Q/?131[?L

M12I/DL3AXW4,K \$'H:YSQ9XQB\)W.EQS64MPE_*T68B2ZD#(J =Q)(&
C



M\(03@]

:?)+G_ (E6GI%'-#SC8 09&;ICCKTK)@;/








%8+[P:DJF5I1927\;)/)M.8SD8^4<Y/!
MSBNB=0?CI$2,E=.#_VUJQXO_P1U\%?]?DW_HHU*7P^;_5EO2_I^B)+[Q2N
M@C3]#TOP\]QJ\MN)1I5HZ(ENO?<_W57.1G'-3Z'XRDOM9_L36='GT;5C&9HX
M9)5E25!U*2+P2.XK%N=0M?#/Q:N[S6)%MK/5+&..VNY3B,.A^9W1?7G%
OM


;M42$!]NX;AESCYBH'''-
@^(6HZC


M%U66PM6GD
#J[+
V6H? O35MKFX$0LH9A&X

MK]2#[5M^(O%46AFUM;:SFU'4[W/V6S@(#. 
EBQX51ZFLOXJJ/\ A6.K# P$

M6E_+\FO\SL-)\87DNJP:7X@T?1;RZW&VW3I/%-@9*AUX#8YP:ZNO)[33?#
M

W5NG %3^'O&0UJ/5(+G3)]/U/3 #<V<KAL




5/V7Z-E-*^O='H/A?Q!_PD



E_)?E^FQ36OS?\ 7S.PT'7+
_SW_



?
.3W%8.HR+X6U'X;?VL& L[:9+@



M-
D*::B1)* IP&+2?
V1V Q5/P=(A\+_$-$FO)AF5UE


(;6Z:Y24
YZ!U7[A/

#G)R2!BNQKA+

72X9E



M6+B.ZE-TEO&CXSM#-]XCN
5/HGCBUU+2]5N;^SGTRXTC/VZVEPQCPN[((^\.



2K3TBCFAYQ
ML (

M&RR@




N
M[J&$SRPPO(D2]7(!('XTI.ROYBKNQQ:^/M:UW.HZ'X

@;FZGVQ7%/
MJ


MYH'C'1Y=2CUVWMK5HK34HH@@F=HSE..#CCD9^O-2Z5XRT%?A-!:KJ
$E\NF_
M9A91MNG
@3;@1CYNO?&








5Q#(=]U&C NZ#
M:





MQ!\-6VB7

M5C=6%QA70A21R

M^N$:8K=C]T5DPJ'@%@Q!YQ@8YKU'2KF]N]


;GY<Y^Y]<?-]*;XLL9+G2%N[92UYITRWD '5BGWE_
MX$NY?QKAI2Y\.+X\57$@U?\ M D*=QM
^3C'IY?S8J5Y]/UV_KR+?E_5M_Z\

FN?
Z2.#B/;C^Z










FT_[+]N
ML9_*

+R758-+\0:!/HMY=;C;;
MITGBFP


MV\56MIHOBS4[;188#I5Y
LJ1.%^U.@!+L0O!/OGIUHT7_DK'B?\ Z\[3^35S




MTKPQIVIZ'KE_;Z??VE]




X5
M(W:




1'4A0/O=.*J^!YX'^+.HF#5;[58Y-
M+!6\NL8EQ( =F !L!X&.

MO&#U'L:;6MO-?BQ7Z^OX)G377Q%N=*O+=M:\
WVGZ5=-LMKQI4D=FQD!HER5
M)]

M 



ME\+]$_R_S&OC7JU^?^1KZ!XMFT+X::=?:QI$L&U(+6SAAF65[O**$88QMSSP

O=/AN'V1W$%PETJGUDV#*#IR:P9-2\-7?PBTI=5$E
M]IR0VT%R]DX9K20*/F;!RNTXSU//0UCOJ


M/E4#IQSD'\




\&LWNL1



U
M_P ART?S.]HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH

M)N1;H)#_ 





M&LZU8);M&-

@=&YSR#P

M71OM
M;LIL

M/:WS7UOI5C%=M]ZXCMT60_5@






M16UM;V=NEO:P100H


#PW$22Q.


3^W?L
M/V_)W_8=_E8SQC?STK0H8(SHO#^BP6

KQ@O'D8.TG


MB7LFI:#I]]

MXEC4GUPH%
U#1]
U9574M.M+Q4.5%S L@4^VX&KM%(8R&&*WB6*&-(XT&%1%
M  'L!51=%TI+][]=
LUO'!#W @42

MF)XJ.Y)( H;ZL$NB)UTO3TT[^SDL;5;':5^S%1%@]1MQC%26=E:Z?:I:V5





M:1I4KR:=I5C9R/P[6]ND9;ZE0
.*L444 !&1@]*S5\.Z(D$TZ/IZPS.))8Q:H%D<'(9A

MOC?%
@=&YSR#P:6:UM[BV:VG@BEMV7:T3H&4CT(/&*EHH IZ?I&F:2C)ING6

J .X'0%NI J/^RM.\BY@
M^P6ODW;%[B/R5VS




L)-/&GR6-LUD%W:)3&




$
U=)1TO_78.MBL-/LA=QW8M+<7,<?E),(QO5/[H;&0/:FII6G1Z
MB^HI86JWSKM:Y6%1(P]V



M2U@7I%!&$4?@.*L44#(+2RM+$PV=K#;1%BVR&


MJ(H  ]@*?10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110





MR+'

T]U@M[32X6

MGL:UM2\




))7#N6'4#G!JEIZV_7_

MS?AGP_=Z+JOBZN9(634;W[1(V)*KC&&R!@_3-2E[VO9_H#V^:_4XOPEX1M
M/$
&M:7KEQ=WVFZ5J
MI96SW+JL:C!R2I!8\@#.0
W<2'5K^:ZBD@);8K%2NX$#G*\@?G3Z/T7WZ?CN.RY
MOG^!P6JV_@;_ (1^YO=*_MS4]<AA++J\W)+2J.7+
=H QD^@Z5I^*M-M/$'




MSR6RS-&ID:,?.=I!) 48SZFMSP^@B^)?C%(V$86WLPK$9XC.#6OH'A^[TK





\\^O-0Q?#_58?AD_A87-HUPMV)(I6D;:8Q*'Y


MDO?:YHJ


M'7':H[?PQXDUG7]



MK\F/EQGU_P#UTM%\
^-M%L(]!MM6T:/2(@4CNUMW-V%)S]W.S/)Y.:G5I+R_






3OR#SD8QC'O4ZV5NS_6WZ


MV:%=2CD\VV4G.U2G# 9.

+O&N
$@
M9Q^%6VN9OI=?K?\ 0B*=EWL_TL=;8V5OIMA;V-I'Y=M;QB.)-Q.U0
 9/)_&


\DMV[TEI\OUW&]?G^FQS/B&/^T_!?C3Q*XXO +:U)[01.%!'LS;F


^U

FJ2PZM;_:+U-+CW7
JJBG8H!&


MA[P\EM?I9ZYHL2+!=*I=0@5U(.5;%%IH_C74]0M)/$.KZ?:6EK()?)T8RH




S2

%SWZC)]J;

M4[:O-OB5J\ZZYH^A&#5I]/N4DGNX=)C+3S*N %&%SUKTFN9\4^&+G5[FPU
M32KY;'6-/9C!




8_&JNO\ A?5'\01^(_#=






] !@


C[[&(R-)=YZ+N4E



MH(^PE!@

!
8 Y)]:IV7A;Q?H







M



M7EYJ4GB26W$O]L?;9!*DC+G*@


AC^

MY^[GR]W)Y.?7!JH/AIK$7PJU?P@E[:23SWK2VL\LKD&



K8W^!P8IP


- NO$'@;4-$M)(4N;FW
(/BRB$!K+P]:;SZ?:INGXB,?^/5W%<7\,-.O+;PA'J6J
M,7U35W-]<L1@Y8 */;!:[2FUR^[V_/K_7D)/F][^OZ_S.  D;XVZB(6RGP
MZ@1B,@-YS8KS2U\.Z8I_P%B:/XFL/$LPD\0B69X]Q8[3&Z
0.#P-I'45[

9
M6C%]J


MR[MV#-



M60.Q!SN)SZU'XC\(^'];^
V@RWFGF0:C8RW-P#-(N]XPH0\

8'88![YK9NO
M7C7Q68;#Q=JFC1Z-%,DLD.E122[VG(60OPHR 2%S6EXK\

M]-6[L(Y+=X=0#^6\;XR04YR

M<QXE\.7FL^(O#.H6
M\DPZ7=O/.LC$




MS;WZ





&X?#/QDT:SL;B<Z:=*N#;V
MTTK2?9\



ME


M\V 6*:6]DR;CYF]GW9 QC&/?\*2=E&W9_P#MW_ 'OS7\K?\ DO\ P3SF_L_A










=^5SNW#&
'/8F

V%\EQJ=]
+FXO;O


M)I(BC#,2 P)&
@C@G'>G1:G9SZG


M^(_A#Q'J+:?I6N03W8.!$RO&7Z_=W ;NG;-7-5\9^'=#U%[#5-4AM+E+;[45


MMXERUHRK
(K87 ;:=B/(BG.
%U4

MMQ;:]#(D4B1N/*D#@LP5?E*[B


![XH6NP/0W

F






$D
RFE\06

@&YQM/(+
MH(4$$')(KID=9$5T8
C %64Y!'K0 ABC
HE
:F0*5#XY /49].!^5/HJIJ6J
M6&C6




AD_WE(##\11YAL;%%9^B

E25/# 'J#VIFF^(=*U;2Y=3L[Q'LHG=))G4Q



G XXKTNET3[@




M


:%\1/7B74'L-)UNXNUS^Z*M
M&6QUV[@-W3MFIO$?CGPSX39$UO5X;61QE8L-(Y'KM0$X]\8I/0:U.AHK
TKQ
M#I&N:6=3TN_AN[

MI)IER[P0A&8,N5Z

MSHLNKZ;J



:DABIQN SR



)KJRN=9TV.\DLB3!YC-M7.,Y4'##@<$&J%W\2/
M-E.L%QK





W?Y0X&[\
T+?0'HCJ***Q-3\7Z!

[N
9S[4!8VZ*P_#GC'P_P+89)=U2*

MNQU%%9%KXIT2^\/RZ]::C%/ID
;223Q9;8%&6R 
@@=L9]JY[5/BQX.L8;F-




M1?O#Y@
XSU''O7)ZO\3/M]INLZ;I7B*!M4CLIC%Y3,N6$9(V28DC_9)-*3
MLK_

SL6:*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@

MN#U_K[CS/Q8EV_PGU;725CGU^_AFE


M



MC

(])FTS5;9



T
+#H53 Z=LYZ5O'PU9GQBOB?S9_MHLOL7E

%\.
9

MMD0





M CXR!Z
2*3C[O+Y+\NH)ZW\VS@-+$5W\/?AA9WN'TN?4MMR&.49E+[$;U!;M

MEC+



3G
(D.WGOWI)?A'H+221V^HZY9Z9*29=

06L!(XD& H%:.5W*7?_.__  $0
ME9*/;_*W_#G*_%?_ ))=X@S_ 




YS[X]J2=N
M7R7Z/_
YTF[,#3 = _!!^N,\5IZ'X2TCP[I=Q8:=Z+<EFN)G<O+

;1*\K N0Q).2





^

MV[.


/[3ATZ

EI

M'A](3/IMP\KO#/M(PYR5&T  #/'I5-W;EZ?@T_T&]7\W^*?^9S_Q8TW2!\)]


#3 = _!!^N

%;&PUR\MW6VU2S99%N%0;F7/

M&P_Y&'XI?[D7_I
:N?#_ $C3T^]E +2(Q75@TDZE!^\9@22WK72P^%+&\U


9)  S







LQX55\OG''3IQS7/?#B**X\4^-



=B


=75C*X\P[F+'E0!P3QQ4





$K)_=)Y!'U%6_#7@_2

M;V[\





D_VQ+

7Y6_
\W\(W&D:5



\9SC [TFKIKR7X




M8Q)M*;&EOX-WT^:M?Q)X&TOQ+=Q7TD]_I^I1)Y:7^FW!@G9SMW#((^H/6D
MTKP%H^D:/J5A UW+)J





C:MYYG2



M ;Q9]ESN^0V?FG S_=S7I/Q.T_2O^%7ZLD\
 , #_2KK_P!%5U-YX:LKWQ-IFO223K=:
M=%+%B
!&1( #N&
]N

!
M\A7WSCZYJQ=^'[?PIX+UV+3M*GUU;J66[EL)I &F
A&]5*IZ9P
$]LUYWJWA


M97_B;3M=N))WN-/CD2WAW#RE+\%\8SNQQUQ[5LUGTTW_ 


GVJ*3Q)XAT36='7





MO3*\RU_PE_PD/QBCEN[6^2Q31



2(&TGS3A0

O_LQK1\=SW-MXUZ:S9EN$L)F1DZ@[3R/

CMP
_+&
#:.??H*Z%E5T*LH96&
@






?R/Y57^%5G -2\

?]M?(MQID6F
\&%&U2$RC#WS@Y]:UM \


:E1O\
MEY&#SC%)K'@JPUCQ)9:^+W4K'4+553?97'EB:



M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HKF[_4K[3/&^F0S3%M)U*%X$0JO
M[JY7YQSC/S(&')/*CUK/M/%MS-\2;G2'VC2C&;:W?'6ZC422#..?DD'?^ TT


M\7ZWI%I+K3_$KPKJKQIYDFBQB%%8#EEBD5RY; .
@Y)I(+:V/9:*J:7J$&K:



U-JS

@^A%;]#5G82=PHK





M1!*ET]FD[QAD!V*IP#N.22Q.
FYZ%61H?B*TU^74X[6.=#IUX]G-YJ@;G
M4 DK@G(Y[X/M7%Z7?^-/&[7&M:-KMGH^D17


MLT?FW3S#\RIT9B
';D9!&.N
M*P_@]I^MVTWB2YN-;-Y;1:I=1268M$C\ZX!7
V_.5STV]!FA*]^UK_C8;_7]





PSY95BQ('KVY.:
MVO%.M^*$^(^D:!H-U;Q0WEA+++]HA#I&0W^LXPQ(' 7(!)YH[6]/PN%^_K^-







=M;?U_6AZA17G#ZGXRT;PGJ/B






MGO\ ;%_IMA\.K6TG\N&_
4-RNQ3O009QDC(Y Z8JC!J?C;Q#XW\5Z'IFM6^G

HKB_ACX@U3Q+X7N+_6&_P!*
M%_/%LVJ/*56X3Y0


MW%=77DWPCTO78-2\0W%UXB^TVD6K7

]K]A1//F&W




M3^\-[)=VON/:J*\;?Q;KMG:/K3_$OPG=SK'YK:&ODB
X&2B2A]Y;C )[FMKQ
#P7<^&I(XQKLA0I.@90&CX+<9^4G. 1G;C-%O\OZ^X+H]*HKR_Q;J'


.


5@^&?$&O6'Q 'A35_$%CX@BF
MLVNDNX84AEB8$#:Z(2


H
M/'AFYM[&?[(;N\U:'SC A.U0B'@L3Z\5+I=YXL\.2:BGBB:'5-)M;1KJ/5



MN^^(O@R33_$'V 7#2K:C[$DOV9Q'EGY/S[@0
'@8S0EJO6WX7'TOY7/7**\T


-/\ #?B?4+;5H-3BD:SU



M
A,^_&2&D./0!:Y]_%NNV=H^M/\2_=W.L?FMH:^2(S@9*)*'WEN
 GN:7G
M_6NH[
#P7<^&I(XQKLA0I.@90&CX+<9^4G. 1G;C-=GX=T_








?AF_\ $FD^(OM%NTUMJ-AL5LJ?
MF21$8J#@Y!'7!K.\/7WC_P 90:JMKK]OI







MXMZ0\$[I#GY

M9ZW\1O$_A[2=8MKQLTMV2XEM%F:WW)G+QN+')RQ(&.!S1;HO/\+?Y@M5=^
M7XW/3J*\]\


M\






ML38(W*PR#@\C@U8KD/AG9ZE9^!-
_M+5O[0\VWBDM_\ 1UB\B(QKB/Y?O8_O




Y6Y





RN+W3;CR);BQ??!.I&5D0Y/49R
G!!
MH6JN-Z.QU]%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%






3??_ (/^9






:3+8_:OM/


TVTJ0C JO*$@;E[;AUQ7?T4T^_:WY?Y#;O\ ??\
M/_




=:] HH6GR!]?
*XGQYHNJ3:A



M4OO%#+FYO]5C$EK)+C&\S







MNKC.U06^5F'R[^Y )QD5Z/1279]K?('_ 

MIV.E0W7VB









M%6!!![BO/+?X;ZWI


Z';:1I
:98R4C+*NT
W09



\UZ+12O;[[_A8J^EO)K[[?Y'!Z;:WDOQCO-5


[$'0;CP2


M

UW=%)ZV3Z*Q3=VWZ?
MA;_(\H\.:OK_ 
/]#3PM=^$M8U.:V=TL;O3XED@F0L2I=LCR^N#D5:ETWQ1*


M_IBQ^/\ 4;OQ5X.UGQ+;2LHTI[*/SX8(]H#*R;E53GG+?6KW@/1K_2?B-K
T



M/R)GC(27;&0VUB



MS#&OV(/C&_SMV
=\?A7I=%)ZJW3^D-/KU_S/*+OPA?:'HGP[TF6[;3M5CD
MNY((V94R&+









;JYUSP_P#%+7]9A\/W^HZ3)96R2_98LR
0&P8P

!N7/ ;H:]:HH^RUY6

M%5*7

'M
M?U_P-HEOX9U+PAK.HSVF8;2[TR%98)TS\I=LCR^H!SZ9JO/X+UY_A+XGBN;9
M3KNM7#W\EI$P;82RD1@]0%_.O6Z*&V[WW?_  '^@1?*U;9?\'_

Z7LT<T9;*


$':.#5NBCR]/P5@\_7\=0KSOQ\E_I

MF8KP7Z].F:ZNBA.R!ZNX4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%



MW:U@6
XSE'7

M[7X8WVH-?ZOIQTOQ!::)$(Y+#^VX&25
Y#QAB3N4$ CDD U
=5^(Y:.QZ111


'AW3KZ2RG:=I#=2
@Y9

M\-Z_97$;Z=).[K R#)*
3N4

^].*N[]+?K83^&W6Z_%7_K_ ()ZS117COQ U@:AX_\ ^$?U



-SR3L_
K9ZG///TJ7Q?X'LO.@77BW0KN^@U^QW$UW+=/(;P

MD*






5?[-]JF)EMF./W2E@K*


9

4D

W



VO]K\





.$9EP=O.2 1G H2OMY_@KDMVW_K6QZS17EWAG2H/!WQ=G\.:

M3PB;VXM-
GMY;R]^S2&-YU0@+'N'(7/6LG6/#EC\

M/SK?KR+Q[X0T+6?B]X534+'SEU&*Y%T/.=?
$: IT88Q[8SWS1'627];
3^%

MIYXK#^PHO/C@E






T?JNXUO:;\
=.\/:Q;77AN[N--LMKI?
M6!DDFBNU88S\S_(P_ODTU^/X?H.^B^\VM \3#Q#=:Y!!;&'^R[QK,,[9\QE
M4$MQT&36EI']J?V5!_;7V/\ M'!\[[%N\K.3C;NYZ8ZUY7\,/.AZ=J_B^]M



MJTFNW_ _S'9V\_\ )V_0^A**\E^(


;
ATB

M+$$;BN3UX-=M\
O#VE:#X(TV33;7R'OK:&YN3YC-OD*#+?
3CZ# IQ6C?I;Y


M8UN'C2W_ 'C?



&E;




MK@@QECR0.
]JYCP=X TW7O@_9:EJD]Y-?16TLME(MTZ+9E2VW8JD+G(R20
M3D]>E#:2
M]^U2*8JDKM4$+_




NEFX%G?K(JF42 ;XQ(
M2V.2






TJ#Q5HDU]#KD%Y );R2[DD:Y



5T'PX^TV-KXLT
M:C(;;2K^2RFN3YA@C* @')Y^YI=/E?\O\ 



QF'(V$


NP7=]0:7H/U.QHKSD?+3K

M8H96B2XED&XL^TY(&.!FG;6R_JP+:_0]/HKS+3M/7P#\2M)T'29[G^P]8M9B


MJQ+O3+ Y.#_ATK

LF]FW3;TPV&) ^@X]J$M7_






'TS3L]







MHKQSQ'\/=

M+17@41\-:#XV\
/X(T_6]
6ZOUM[QIHYTMYXR#\I\T\MW&.V3723^&K;Q/\

MTV+PG\4-7\




M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!YK\4+2YO?$G@FWL[QK.Y;4)#




M$66VMP!@+$A)Q[GJ:Z*BDM!O5WN*U[PGK4?B9_$WA/4+.VU*:%8+JVOXV:W
MN0OW22OS*1ZBNUHH\P.+\/\ A36F\2CQ/XKUTN=3C@-O;6UBC+;VRD_
5W?
M


MSUA(#;317B

31PZ=I1D




']<U?P_\ V1*JI+=V

?
))7;CC
M!&%YYI/!?AJ\\.2:^UY+ XU'59KV+R6)VH^
!L@8/';(]ZZ.\OK33K8W-[=0


'Y 2/ES
MRWMFO7G19$9'4

M_.Y2^&-M+:_#/P_%


R-+;6

JP



8YXPZY!R#@\9!YJQ3OO?O

8P

M\.2:^UY+ XU'59KV+R6)VH^
!L@8/';(]ZZJBB[_ *\W?\Q^7I^&B.(LO!VH



M2T=-+M)UG^RZ
M3')FZ93E?



T
MKL2(H\]$B0D[5'Z]:V)YX;6WDN+B5(88E+R22







M $Q!J3*]W8:HDAA








MASH+7H@OK?48(/M-O\P1Q&WS+N R

MR0# ;@C/7H
M]
AD5KME.5

35W=_UI8Y7P7X

MS\6=;N(;CS=*TJ5I(
M(P!MCNYU7S0#WP!GV+FO1-3TVSUG3+G3K^'SK2Y0QRQ[BNY3U&001^%0Z)H.
ME^'-
33M(LH[2T0Y$:9.3ZDGDGW)S0G9W[*WZ#D[W\V7IHA-!)$6=0ZE2R
5
M89'4$=#[UYXF@?$JRM&T:WU[0[[3&5HQ?:C#







MXT:/;SD 9^F17;44GK]UOEI_D5=WOYW/.=
\


M*\





5CBO#_ (
N]/TSQ98WT\!76KZYGB:$




M
J:OJ^F\TR_CN!96:21V^P'YCN8
[.1TS@=1WS






'

MFK[_ -:6BBBD,**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH






DG&
5O7?B#2_#_QVNVU6=+:&?1H8UN93MC0
M^8QPS=%SZG R*I*]OG^_P R&VK_ _
Z7PUXUDU;5YM#UG1I]$UN*+S_LLL



 KOZK\K_GH=)'\0K*Z







MENY!$LT+J
;6; .

N+.33
MHXC

=02#FNOKR_P'J]GKGQ6\9W]@N;5X;0)+M*B8!2-XSU!
M['N

3T;7];(LDX&37A

LU

U=-;_%+PQI_@.WO8+ZUFO8K5$32EF N&E B/8

M
XQ5.UVUMI;T?]6]1)/1/?6_R_J_H;/B'QU;Z5_9MMI=A/K.I:HADLK6V8*'





2-S(.O3&2*M7OQ
TR#P&OBRVMY9K43I!-#+F


M\2#E0O))(&

<O67X-?YF$':$?2/Y/_(U
M_?C6/Q&-2M[S3Y=*U/2VWMI.X?R\C(8
.&4X//M61;_$K4+\-J6G^#M1NO
M#:%LZFLR!V52072 _

21Q@'K6;VYO)/[[_Y?B;N
M-G;S_1/]?P
_Q9XIC\8_!:;68K;[/'+?1(J;]^0MRJ@YP.N
XQQFN]_X2/R_




M  $/J_Z_KJ9^O:Z=?37DMA):75VMK-/YFWR-^0C$8.06PO48WHM:\4VNB:





8KL?B;.-3TZS\%6

M-



/@A?W=Q \

L4EPNW(

M1=VEZ_.S:7WV_P B$_$/6[2/^T=6\#:C8Z#@
;[[5'))&IQ\SP#YE ZGDXK9

XM#_ +-MKPEU;4M4W?8;614$@5=Q8NWK@CGGK7F5];^)?#SW+?%'






D
-XD?EB[B4X$H7MGG

MFHSBSNWNXY@SG[H=4^X3Z9/Z5H^(O&SZ7K:'HVC7&MZTT7G-;0R+$D29P#



L


MEL[JY8)&?+&UDWG@'/.




MB66
L


MWAXDDG[*.OU-8WB2\@\
_%_2M?U9_)TFYTQ[!;IQ^[AFW[AN/\.1WJII*?+T





MSE@ZEL;@01TS5&P?^U=!^)WB2V60:9J43K:
RE1*(X65I /0GO[4I:1=NU[_

8 RWEH1


M 0P!!!!Y!%+4%!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11

M[[VULD9;ZE0




U21S(ZP1A

NU*7+_94S





M16E10 BJ%4*H 4#  [4
H92K %2

ESI^CZ?:3R??EM

T75;B.XU'1]/O)H_N2
M7%LDC+]P)'05I44 (JJB!$4*JC  & !4%S86=Z\#W5I!.]O()86EC#&-Q_$


MY
5Q$LBY^C BK5%&X%6/3-/BTXZ='8VR6)0QFV6)1&5(P5VXQC':I(K2V@LU




MW+:V\UH]K+!%);.AC:%T!1E(P5(Z$8[5+11Y!YD$=G:Q62V4=MEHL?E!8P
M$8QMV],8XQ4$FBZ5-I:Z7+IEF^G* %M&@4Q  Y V8QP?:KU%  !0   !P
M*6BB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **YSQAKUWHUE:V^EPQS:KJ
XMK1)/N*QY



+4W]QY(NIUMH

0I+K.HQ6HD^XI!9F^BJ3U]*!V-BBNT_P 1
MQ:U\3[0Z9JC7.ERZ
THCCD/EEQ+C)7LP''(S6YKOCGPUX:N%M]6U:*WG89\H


M0





M3RO%H^JQ7$J#)C*M&^/4*P!(YZBCR#S-^BL/7_&/A_PP8UUC4XK9Y.5CVL[D

% W'CT%)H/BK0_$\3R:-J,5T$^^HRKK[E6 ('X4 ;%%%9FM^(
M=(\.6@NM7OX;2)LA=YR6([*HY/XBX&G16#H'C3P[XGDDBT?5(KF5!EHRK(^
M/7:P!(Y'-5M5^(GA/1=1-A?ZU#'=*=K(J/)L/HQ4$+^- '3T50?6]+CT?^UW










MW

CHK'
M.
!F 4\]


MQC&

MTDL[Z..YO9$






M/4JH) XZFAZ ;]%4]





*AUC4H;4N



M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH X?QVZZ=K_A37;EMMC9WCQ7#GI'Y


X]J.EEVM^+?ZB_P [

8  K /@#2/\
MA$+GPRLMTEA/
9B49 ZDN'PORX R


GU6X

ME0

#B





MOH?:O5]0LH]2TVZL9F=8KF)H7*$!@&!!QGOS6-)X-TZ2QT&T




MV=J%\F0R8E1EZ


MS!))/-YAFRP8NY(R6X ZXQVJ/5O &F:EJDNI6U_JNDWD^//ETR[
)FQTW#!!



M

(NT
ME+S_ 
O\B]\.?^2=Z%_UZK6]J'_(-NO^N+_R-0Z+I
&A:-::7:O(\%K&(T:4
7! ZW2N
M;LE0?

MM-UGP'I5TU]JMF)XV^U06=XT45S\Y'SKWX&.


-D'(Y

MY52F2!Z9P/RI_@/3;.W\6^
YXH$60:@$4@?=4J&('IDG^5=3IGA^TTK5]5U*





M* )I]
NCTH'0-P0?RSQ26EO1+\O\A6O?UO^9RC;],\3_$+0E5(UTQ9VCBZ


U6#X TC_A$+GPRLMTEA/,9B49
M ZDN'PORX R,=.E-ZN[ZV_-7_(I.TOFW^#_S,KXB1-IGPDNH-/41(D$,/R#
M6,LH;IVQUK-N])\;W'A-]/EC\QZ.;;&1]H5(X]OW@3P
#G/XUZ5-9V]S8O9
M7$2S6\D?ENCC(92
$&N.3X6Z

F.BCY&





M 

XL2ZO)\9?#\FM6NF6E





M)5!XD97'.#D;JZ/Q!X
P I+:W9?Y_YZCEJ_7_@?Y'#Z1IWBCPU

L+

)XAU









MK



IO5OS7X6_R//=
L?%7A
MCP[]CT^RT+Q3X9LR-PDDL9.3DG*-W_ +V?TI/$NL+K?A;P3J/AZTA@
FJ1

MPUB
7CRW%M
M+)B9)?XHPX../]H\9Z5VM_X;LK_7K#6O
FM[^SRJR0$#S4/5'R#N7^78UD:C

WJPP1GZ8ZTNWW?U_6X^_WDW@76K/5])N



MK.?5A@C\L=:T[?PEI%EX9N= LX6M[.YC=)61LR

MG:2?G?\ /_


F&
M91GUX%'@+3K0?!@*8$87-K.TVY0=YRP&?7   ^E=CH'ARS\.:!'HUG).]NF_
M#3


M S^ %='H'A/3?#R7#6[7-Q=W.//O+N4RS2XZ98_R'%3^'?#]IX9T.+2;*2:2

MY0S2F=BBY!'&1GGCCO4/Q)NO$USX#F_M+0=)TNQ5XL(;OSID.X *FU0N?QQC


N
MI6.:^O#*\'3F



-R6R!AMB@


AA5& 1MZX.X$9/'H13KS0;6]\0:=K
DD
MPN;!)4B52-C!P =PQGMQ@BB.EO)O]2I:WMV2.8U-$B^
^A2(BJ\VFSK(P'+


M\\DPNK.%X8T5AL*OUR




R;V! ((.3TZBNMT#P?IWA^XFNXYKV


 #ZXHCH_1W!Z_=8Q_
M#EG;R_&'Q?=R1(T\


MY+\+AUOYO\;'(ZQIC)\.O!FF7][9ZE'_ &Q#9K27S8GCW.  V!G X_NG^*



L!]5& 


9
MSGW_  K5I]$OZW8/?[OR.#^)7_'SX1_[#UO_ %J+6[*WOOC1H(N(UD6+3I95
*-/CM+V2XA\J59H9K:39)$XZ
IYYY/:HK;PI:V








MT0N[.*T7_DK'B?\ Z\[3^35R
G_)*/'7_85NO_1BUZ?:Z#:VGB&_UJ.28W-[










M7:![YK=F\%Z/)I&F:7#'):VFFW


M;\;DM:_._P%C4HHHI#BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH










N(I0X5E)4C/7(.?2



X(Y*J?F7'^U0
W***BN?/^RS?93&+C8?*
M

MF3X?KX@BA1KR2%5CMSD@W!.SR^#G[_'7M0^O];@NAN0ZQ87&L7.DQ3[KZVC6

MC)X Y/


M[O*W+_K-W\7TXKJ]:\6^+O#]LNN7NCZ:-!W('A69S=Q*Q #
?N9Y' SUZ]ZM



[&5^02
X-2M1MV5SLJ*\_;Q5XK




T=_N_+_

??YSG-.VX7V-6BL_7-8M= T2[U6\)\BVC+L%ZMV
M'N3@?C7''Q#\05T[^W&T'2/[-$?G&P$\GVO9C/WL;

X6)8I.&^93A00<*=V 2<]ZZ/0#XA-K
?$2Z:MQYG[H



M4)&X4#.




MTB62[NK]V$
1;E4PGS$D
M[\CD4HZO[QRT7W'I-%%% !17'7^K^







M]-7^T'

[&5^02



'O$

M=M\9(4LC C!*G'M2OI?YC2UM\CM:*X/1O$OBS5-&_M^6RTFWTEK%YD0F1IV=



O%;Z

MF=$C#+D[]I)8DG@*!WS5[PWXMU:^UC2O$EK;6M_I4:S2RVK,89(R=R[N1^
M-+I?YE-6=CL:*\_L/%/C/5[
:]8:'IO]B$%X[:69Q=S1@GYE/W 2.0#^=;?@

MQ5H
6HZ5I.CQA&=97NWD43D


\'(Z=JG_ .$IUW2='OO$/B.UT^#2A LMK;VS
M.UQN8@*CD_+DY'3I1W_K^KB[';45Y]-XA\?V&GMKEYH6D-IJ)YLEC#/(;N-

@TKL[
M?2M5LM;TV'4=.F\ZTF!


M

M:!DNS/R !UHWVMCLZ*XB+Q%XHT*^LH_%MGI1L[V9;=+K3'DQ#(WW0ZOS@GC
M(HUCQ3KL_BV;PWX;M]+6ZMX$FEFU.1PK!OX45.3VYZ4 =O17*#6O$ECX6UF\
MUG2[2WOK!Y(I(9?



41U^Z_Y!+3[ST.HH[J

]





MA8R^;:SIOC?:5W#UP0/QJU7E'A;5O&?#W2KG0=
TQK&TM?G%[(XEN-N=WE



A




=2EAM/#?AFYU?47D56
MMQ-=0B$9Y:1V.% Y]:[/:$^.$2@8 T' '_;6N]HIIV_'\K#[_P!=;G$P?\EJ
MN_\ L!Q_^C356*#[5\6O$5N&V^;HT:9]



2:^^_\ F#UOY_\  _R/!;/0O GAR2ZT[QWI<\%_'.YAO;@QW49.5*^6<9



M7_P!R



QOVGD G.
%_)U/POXK
M\%B4PZV\UV_D2HRX5CA6R1C!)'YUZW14VO?S5OU#MY,\VT?XDZ7H_A^TTG5+
M:^M]=M8%@_L[[+(9)64;1L(!!!QP<UN_#K2+S1_4:ZA#Y%W=3R74D/_ #S+
MMD*??&*ZRBJ;NVWN_P#AQ6LDELC%\6Z5-KGA+5-
MRHGN+=DCW=-W8?G7D%G




M?Y3W7D(7












M='_P?\P6C3_K^M#QJ*TN[GX$:'-:6\EQ)9W$=TT42[F95F;.!^.?PJ?Q[XWT
MOQ1X-







\Z\7ZG::#\2?#FLZD[0Z=]EG@-P(V90[8P#M!ZUZ*#D9'2BB
MDM%;U*ZW.#\6?\E.\#_[UW_Z+%5/BAH


M


N$D)+!0.I7(JQXK\6Z?X\T-_#7AE+F^O;R2-)




L]NRQ2C#A?+








SSSQ)(_AGXA6/BNY@GDTF2P:RN






M#7Q5\












M7]N:GKD
)9=7@6Y):51RY9CM &




M_:+YM?M;);A-0-T^\

=H QD^@Z5[!X2NY[_P '


]45#:RQS6D,L,XGB= R2@@[QCALCCGVJ:AZ045PGQ0UF[T[3
M=


X[9KD;C.B?$.
MSO@I2TUV#[-





D]:I:U!X+

M-W))\/?'-DK7PL[






6'CW3I/%&

T6K.C3


.3SG/?-3UMY/\ 0'HO



A
NP!LAF)()Z9!SC.


MZZ_Y%*.J3[V_+_




M=R2?#WQS9*U\+.S$\=K#?9$L



^-P[1ZS$\C0(






X[4EG
MH=IX+^*&CZ?H1FMM.U.UG

8]L9[T+627];
?1L[#Q!=R_$6Z\/-'#]DAT]+I7
*%JART=OD=O1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!YW\2;:XO/


MA
%O;V:





Q-IOAO4](FTC


=W+YA(W(H((7 ///?%=%11UN

M\^]:FN^$)KZSTF73M2D@U;23FUO+G
I?C#3/+!AU-=510T//+KPIXOUO5-



C#NI%9UIH_C74]0M)/$.KZ?:6EK()?)T8RHUP1VD9
MB/E]0.M=I10M!O4Y6[\





=W+


M%=-13N[W_K:WY!_7XW_

M6^JPZEK!\#ZWI

COSQQ]:]
KF=8^'GA37K\WVHZ



=JZSPKJ6H:IHOVC4Q:?:EGEB9K0-Y3;'*Y7=R1Q6G8V%IIEG'9V-M%;VT








T

/ MVW@[0;%;Z.U

_$

MU( 

MQ#(;N&

MU% ''6&C^
M0U2TNO$6K6-M;6C^8MKHYE03MV\QF.2O^ST-=C110!S6M^'KO
M4O&/AS5X9(%M]

YF5V(=MZ #: 


V-J]
@=:
MJ:S;S_\ P)I_VKV


V00


M HCHOE;\O\@EJ_G?\_\ 








MO?U?W_\ #DVTMY6^XYN^\/W=UX^TG7DDA%K9VLT
B
QWEGZ8&
8_&L?_ (1?

$8D[3MS]

MWXF\-/IME)#'

MFLZAK&BZUH

M#*T
3 8+1%3E0?3 KL:*0SEOOAB\TK4=3UK5KJ?5=3*&86L92&
*
!5!Y/

MT[3?%UD^H17?]LJ3!/*Q#^8R$




8X]:QDT7Q[I+RVFE:SI=]I[R
R2

YMM01_+<*<A@4YSTXI=\*:Q




M*\0Z/)J=G

M


MJUHLFGZ(B'RHYLLXRY&
98DELX&34^H:OHH\6II8LEGUDV4DGVE(D8V\6.C/
3%*7<AV)Z8QVYH6JT\OS:_K





M-&^.-\[*Z:+'M)[9DYJ73(8O^%QZ[+L7S!IMO\ -CGDG/\ (?E4KIYW__^

C.\8^
+O2?B+H-G%8Z


ML
 #QW&['M1:R2\W^87OKY(ZKP]XGT_Q+#.UFMQ#-;L$N+:ZB



ME=G4+*24[5G#@!E!Z94CIUI)7=G_ %_6I6T;^G]?D




M*@D



6OQWKJL]U9V[66_@




M
UC2;FX)%NNIV9A$Q R0IR1GZXKOK;1K[X9^%8=5U.339EJ;*\C4GR[@)\


;3



PQW!_P!@DYY]P.HJ






X*&
K]X


\O&1C/EXV8_O9XQUS4S^&3\OS3_I!#XDO
'K'4O!.MZ:-<_MF_NIB]RMH8%60@9VKT(##.5XS



KH+9:;:.I ZGUJIX0N+B3XQ:LE[J]MJ=TNF*KR6T(C1'7*#!


M0
D*H_\ U5S'Q;U*R'PTN1]IB)NS$( &!\SYU;Y?7@$U/KVKW:^*-'T?1;#2


M*9E6!8E+O




M0*YY.?7&*P_'

QS0
GL?
6M7\;
M7]ZWY(SAK&/^'_


M(ENFV6[:G9F%)6_N@Y//UK1\0^
=
\.3P6L\=W=W]PT-E90F69P.I^GU(Z

J
2#]


VI^%;&W=3JIU:*6)5Y=8

S
Z@(V\9&

^W2I;T3\F_P &4UJ_










MOQ:_S!*\DGW?Y/\ R.UD^*.APRQ/)9ZLFG2
%75&LF%J2?\ ;/7Z@8K?U[Q-
MI?ANPCN]0F;;







X;L



8P=O7H*]#\-:PWB#P

M%I'
YBCC
MM8I1.SL!Y9#MP?2I;TD^R_S'U7G_ 
 V;?QWHLWA%?$TK3VU@SE%$J9D+!BN

23-Z*V2

+/'1N-3AU*?R8@]S!$$1B$8$* 3P/NYSSBNC^%L
M4:?S2PJ !XI&;CJ2[9IO9R\D_S_ 

CQ$;U!

27.'4_NVY!






MRZG!9




M3$ #-C;$X'4T?H_\4YJ([C5;G(]/FI1UU\OUL*6FGG^ESNJ***!A1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% %'4M
M'L-7^R_;H/-^R7W

M@'!SCN*O44 4-
$=#&B6NC_ &(_8+6430Q&:0['!+ YW9ZD

M1OE0XR



'(&
X
MZ]\9IT6DV
.KSZK'!B^N(UBEEWM\RKT&
X'7L*NU3U;4H=&TB[U*X61H;6)I
MG6



MRUVBN;:3[\4JY!JU10]=&TV.7L_AUX3L+5K:VT:..-I4E)\QRQ93E?F+;L




M2:?%)ID:A$@DRX4#IR3G/OG-:U%#UW!:;'


MGA+0=&NX;K3M.CMIH8#;(R



QM8[6T@C@MXEVI'&H55'H *FHH6BL'F4K/2+POKV]M;98[F^=7N)
M3F0J


[PXN


Z-XEMEM]8T^*Z
M1#E2V59?HP((_ T:QXAM-%GTN&YCG=M2N5M83&H(5B

?4H#


_(9
/C/ SNS7KM%'4=SD?A_H=[


+4P2RQLJL0A!*.
GZ;!Y%K&6*Q[V;!))/+$GJ35)_
M.AR:%/HK6.=.N)3-+#YK_





M66C61O-0G6&$



J^=-






VOV&]@^RE!YL\6V.;<,_NVS\V.A]#1
M'X0;U'0Z596^CKI,4.VQ2'[.L6YCB/&,9SGIWSFJ9\+Z,VEZ?IIL_P#1-/E2
M:UC\U_W;I]TYSDXSW)K8HHOK<C_ &/8?VW_ &SY'_$P^S_9O.WM_J]V[;C.





M[#R*
.CV%OK%SJT4&V^N8UCFEWL=RKT&
X'XJFG^$]#TK6[K6+P6^N@1-
M(CMA\D$_+G:.1G@5LUEZ7KMKJU]J=I!',LFG3B8R  

MJ4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !





-M*E








M



1J$1L[8\$[\D=1_6B'Z_AI_P12Z^GXZG10:K

CQE5D CP2I/!
MQ[5+X0L[JV\0^+99[::*.?4 \+R(5$B[ 



M5Z/[]?\ )%OQ%_PE-UJ45EHTUOI=AY)DGU25$F*MGA%C+#MR21BL3P]KVM6?


MWL%
@AF!.2T8(SD=SQ5;0](N;7XE:5J5KX4.C:3-:30JJ0_.#UW3;

M4[*6[DGL;G3XQ(-KG.V3)&S!/4U5\(6-[X@_X3^SU-%M;F^G\J0(V\1%HR 

%(3HUK!=1ZS
M!/<6VDVQ$4Y8DD#.











MFJ5SH6JP?#[3]0MK5WU^VNQJOD%3N:21B70CK]UR/PK4U7P5)=_#)_#D
J_:
M_*60R-TDG#;V)]F;/YT-66O33\OR5QJSEY/]/\]/Q.:?Q/K=I9MJ[?$+PS=3
MK'YK:.ODB

;@6$!6']V0<#^












HSURGEKGV-7]JWS_ 
U]

M9?[



$=8MI!Y9N#=0[<X=3B)1EI#GO@#



@ZCXBLM?@U))#O2!(9;<JN02$)&#@]??TIGCK3KF?6-
M(N-1T;4M9\/16Q66QL
EUGR

R @L
?ES^.7;Z/*/&_AC5]+\&R:/I232(^;






1





MV?5I/'_A[6A'\\NE1B%

.L6LK[

M6_C6UT[3]




84=.:?JGCW5#\
7UVWC6UU6UO
15:+?]TNI# 'V)&/QKAA+;/:QC^$H77-FS=)I</V

M]%?YFIXG\=7(TWPW+IMY!I5MK0+/J5S'YBVPV@XQTW9/?CBMKPL/$/VGS+KQ



M52MS-+S_ *_RL)WY43S^
+WQ!J=^MIXST?PQ96EPUO$MP(99YRO!8K(PVKGI
MCTJ_IWC:[OO#'B=/MME/JFC0.R7MB0\


D6L6G7+W

MH22%;K5)XDC6).3N\H

(['0M1DT+6;C0=\AU#250Q71/1R @D @G /<5B


MV\


MCMY8& 8$_


M.

FJLN:RVNOS_R$


M-^';N#3DL84DO+^6$3

M



(OTVAZHE]!%<%'-L3%<;V) C89W'GH*[9[6X


[X#*
#C?UK6E\1ZLL_C]1=
[?Q



MMZ]XLTGX?75YJ
45CJ]O=QPK-#L=)HS(HWA3NQD$C!Y^E;OB(^)[F\MK+0WM


@0CS02APTP3(0

M112&%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11



M=06]NN-TTT@1!G@9)X[T 3T50.MZ2-073SJEE]M;I;_:$\P_\!SFL+Q;XSM_






M!_

MXD]PB
WT!/- %^BL#QIJ=SI7@K5-1T^81W$-N9(I H;!XYP00:7[1/+/H$C:
MY#:F6



$

M\-^.+37_ !'K.FB\L-MM
L=FL4ZLUPNTEF'/S#Z=






'VJUTKE+77+JY^)4VF1W:2Z7_ &2E





_

F?3;G-7+N]M

J/(M_I@368;!6G(:WD1;L


M[_L5[K4/%%MKH=MPNH8HHXXP 

MKM)Q3:UL2G=7+U%4;G6M*LC.+O4[. P!3



M8M?#4K

K/'




8KL]/\'3Z;XBU.]AU=CI6IL\MSIS6ZG
C#!829R/IB
ML^P\ :KI\(TR'QC?+H*@JEDEO&)54_P^=]X#KT I;I+R2&WJ[=SD-.MXKK]G
M[4A=6Z.;5IS LN)/((?C:3W&2


F\:2RO9)6C98]K0J^
+DD[B


@@GO6QJFD6FM_&JT@U*!

9







2&9 00KX&


8'-#?OW



.G?VJ3Q-X6M_$




5O)&%_C)SO)[X_B
^9&GEMS$$ <G.HY[^E5;CP!JVK:9<:=K_C




M98UC6-





M:V6.
H

@Z;XVX)'8T

MY^%OC9IX(I6AU6\DC+H&V

7AS7-&N+UI8M5N9YVD2/88_



+=X;R?3V BCO/D&0V
 D\=?


^KW


6\H/'N* ^@-;=KI
MEGX:^%CZUIUG FKKI!E:]$8


%\2


M^&+Z=YDMXU5+F





=


:PUC3+<017\$0(<;0&
MC8D%3C.



M:_94N(]QZE V-F?:C_+]?ZN'^?Z'*;/[

-+'!(EC9KYDE\X0':



M9UB;6=6\OR8YY(EB2)


M1HYVUR2(.IP5#




M\' Z=.U9



M


F.M-[KY?H5#1_?\ J<CXOTVR;5_/A:*VBM-&OKB66YM[=1$DI10

M
..C.%SO(H6_SO\ E^FA/3Y6_
RH=$L-;^
7C
M9L[[L\Y^@K=I+X4OZW8^K?\ 6R/.-#TBP\4^.O%%[KEM%?O8WVEK!<J'2&/







RU/3WFN
M+6+Y8T=#PX4<#/3BMG6_!DMYK1UO1-9GT757C$4LL<2RQS*.F^-N0. :E\/

M.@AOKS[;=(F)+CRA'YA]=HX'T%6J BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** H+6RM+%'2TM8;=9'


F2*YSP5_R;1XE_WK
MC^24FTDY+:R?WNP?:4?-K\+GT)17S1IW@!]<^Z^*;W7=1-S86TLMC;(X$$*






8(/MBH5^7F\_





6F=@3@A0Q(Z  @@9)JI\-_$6
MG:#\4;?PYX:UZ\U;PU?PD(MRK PR@

M#T5\X:-X

Y!&!ECTK0^).E3I\6_!N

]_HKYYO?#


^6Y



M76K^ _&VBW.HRZE%IMM



M 

M7++PWH=WK&H
XM;9-S[%W



MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** .6\?^;7QWX;?3)Y?(G1O-MIP,^7(!CD=
MP02#7!VS?&_1;6'2(;#1M2CC4(NHO(P'09RZDX'^P3]34OC;X%_\)CXOOM?

M&G:MH]W
98H[E@KP$\9P77G  X)!QG K
_X9E_ZF[_RF_P#VVC_AF7_J;O\

NZ/)4D')P
9[^


R_P#4W?\ E-_^VT?\
R_]3=_Y3?\ [;3D^;FOUM^ 1TM;I^HS5K/X

MR9-6650[KCGHQ(STR(P?IUK*_P&9?\ J;O_ F__;:/^&9?^IN_\IO_ -MJ



]:H?\
R_P#4W?\ E-_^VT?\
R_]3=_Y


L?FOYBLQRQ   '&3
MT%:&J^%M9N?@1'X;BL]VKBPAA-OYJ#YU921NSM['O7#_ /#
O_4W?^4W_PV
MT?\ #,O_ %-W_E-_^VT2]Y-/K;\!Q]UIKI^IU%Y\,[_7_@QH_AVZV66LVB2
M



M\9SAF!/GIGI2_%WPEKGBB\\,R:-8_:5LKMI+@^:B;%RG/S,,]#TS7'_ /#,
MO_4W?^4W_PVT?\ #

D@9Z9Y(YQD-U&*@\.6GQ4UCQ3;:EXEFM=$TVW&V2QM&5_M








MSX:-GC5_[/:'[/YJ??)/&[.W]:X;_AF7_J;O_*;_ /;:/^&9?^IN_P#*;_\



M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H





'% $U%%






% _$U6O-:T^PU.PTZZN/+N]09UM
M8]C'SB[FY P,#UQ0!?HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **HZMK%AH=JEUJ
_DPO*
MD*ML9LNYPHPH)Y)J]0 4444 %%4=6UBPT.U2ZU&?R87E2%6V





B


M5

MTED==@1-P!.





[&RCCNEVJUM/EU5A*(W'!!/?'([4W4/%OCK3+$^(


'(+,1
M7^HZ6&$@E15*64%E4G/0<]*P'70!XY\&ZOH%OJT^GM?^2VJZA-
4=G4[402
MG..IR!C/&::2Y[+57:_/[OU





MK_UYR_\ H!J*GP/T+A\2/

]TOG^#-&K:^GXW_ 

M22AKDJ3GRE4G:.



M
O%NHZ1K&DZ#HMM9/JFIB1HIM0E


M!GSPC(_S@]\\BN




M=VC6-BQ!:1AG*]




)%1U)4C/7(.1U%5=7\8^.






G R1P









;#16TRYG2#[3I4LF;9G.%\Q9.H)(&1TJK\6_








&F7?B;Q#:Z99^'19_:H(H&=[L=H
M?/R9(/0=0


*.-MQP@W@%F//0' 'TJHI<ZM_-^JM_P /
M\AJ_+KV?WV?]6^9[+1114 <OJOB2\L?B#H&@11P&TU&XEE=E.]3& 1M.< <




)H9MBY5QM(8*?
M0X-

T?Q9I^D

M]%&MI)*2\Y-?*[



E_5?=<]1I#G:=N
XXS2T
M4#/(_AO_ 


MQC\:R%M/@^]K]GA\*:C+XAV?\@8F]6;S
?=)SM ]_3FA]UOI^*3V]?ZZE6MH


MS\1[6\B;0/$-G:37@T:_$]Q;P+N=HF4JQ4=R
YQ]:X_X@_$#2O%7AJUM_#Z7


M%&I6FLVOAWPY8P7FMW



C*

M;FTD5BP=Q&0=I!(J+P=I?P]O/%]A<^?#
]U%;[I)M6:XN8XK9@
 !9/]8QS
MC';K3AK;YW_'[N@YZ&W!XP\::WK_ (BT?0=
T?=IEWY27E\\BQ!

YY

M^PP?_0!6/IVER:WKGQ5TN)PDMV8X49N@+0$#-2K\O_;M_GI_F#MS:_S6^1HV

MB8:A?I:2VLOWU)W!D!R &#+C)R/:O.=

MYY!QN3:=I#$9'05T6MZ;#IG@KP/##H1T1'\16TGV!KAIVCW
Q^9FYR1@D=LX

$\*ZUX'O)_#ESXB\175


M0
EI74''H!U-=#7FOQ/U2YL-2TB.^U/5-)\


LKW_EG'(XV$XYVXS4=

 !EC@#9GG.[I2_/33_@?U8?IMK^G7^NQT.N^+]1%_8:)X





M:VP4=9&4$Y)Z*.3S6'IOBOQ9I?B_3/#_ (NL=(8ZHLAM;K2GDVJR+N*LLG/3


MMDG)Y[8'M7


MBXFMYII?/G &6:
#Y4!YP&).
?2LS1YY[KPO\5+BXM)+2266=_(E(WH#!D!L

M6KZ3'9QV%Y/;RRI=;_










MDGK4_P 5O^15L_\ L*V?_HU:@L_^2]:G_P!@&+_T::F.KU\__247)V_#_P!*
ML6/#'BO7I/%ESX5\4V-A%J4=J+R&XTYG




M(L'G+L



%MKL[%4&68X0!1[DD#\:?:ZK#\0OB#H6

MW$GVV-

%U4[V

MZ4^JNIWR:7I5YJ$B
Z6L+S
J]2%4D@?E0W9/MO\ @/632_K4M45E^'-7_M_P


M&C_VM_9J?VW]B^W[FW_8M_E8W';C=SG;C/OFK] !1110 4444 %%%% !1110


$*&903C))QSZUK54D




ES;*I19E
M)0Y=5Y (/0^M TKNR
N<\]*T::T)WUBBBD
**P-5\3)IOBO0]!^S-))JOG$





86=25P



D G'X59#ZM)J=

5W$
MX[#I2:OH_PK4K6?]:E[1+*33=!T^QF9&EMK:.%RA)4E5 .
]N*OU0T?^UO




M[Z
M!(K@ AMOS \#D5BZGX


M



[UB6 6\<5HA6UCSDJF[YCD\DFE'X5Z/\ ]N_KR'+=_+]/Z\SB? /P_P!+
ZOD^%OCS0KZ]EO3HS
MR6L-S




_2O+/$











M[?2)IX])DN)RMC).TJQ2(_,F\E@#R
XX%;WC6V23QAHLVCZU;:=XJ2&46L

M







06\DNY)&N0SJK
M0
Q!!] !TK?O/AO+#X)T[0=-O$EG@U**_N;F[)4S

M7GBKPJ^EV




3P@7










?XF
3



M+ITIMM/FW/\ 9(R%D9B2I]

UOX7Z9JNH37DFKQ:4LEI=+=2)]

MGVKI=&T2YT[P'9Z%

EQ:0^7(T))0G)/!(![^E3^*/#MK
MXJ\.7FC7C
D5PH D3[R
:<OC_P(^LZ'K4]PVBZ-
M;P#[%#*T27$L@W%GVG) QP



MQ*/$_BO4+2YU.. V]M;6*
MO;*3\Q7=\S$^IQ_A


M(!  P


O=.W[X_+^X[AL?



M1A\@EVV$%C]T#)P

MG).^]TCEA9O++=2%(X



_5O!N@7_ 
?+8W-AYAFT








MGI\UJZ



M:QHUM/&Z206^G)*L


&[


V%\EQJ=]

MFBTT^:_)7UZE0T:YM[[_ ?_  -.AA^-/ 6G:'X)N/%-K=Z@/$MEDPU-KN1

5Z9  XI7W]?T9FEI'T_P CC?B/
M=WTDOA_P]97LMD-9OO(N+B [9%B52S!3V)Z9KG?%W@S3?AWH$GBKPH]W87UE


9[UZ^

OV(  )C._:
\@#!SR:
17<<R0SE4R-HE.2PP

MYKFKZ9)

M5\%OZW_'UZ_

S%

 #/K6Y
MJ7A/QYXJL6T/Q)J?A]=&9T

(3#%I^F&1+1
GER

MLT%QIEK-;7?VR!XE*7.X-YHQPV1@'/7BN!;P[\25TU]!_MW0KK3'B: ZA=P2



M;4Q=0M_:0CN1#(C.


(S<




S2

DJ70
J\L')&[=@Y&._K726

!GAL$?6J7B#P=X_\6:
;'6-7
MT1%AGCDACLXY$$^UP=TK
#CC)VJ


9/6N4\)R:/I'Q6TJP\

@E.21@9/T]Z[?Q)X6\0_\)9#XH\+WFFKJ L_

#G\ZJQ^#/$T_C?0?%&J:O9W$]HLL=S;0HT4
:.N (@0

+P-X.T&V^+GBVXBL-LNF30-9MYT
MA\HRQ

7F2@%A[@9KM

M?[0U2:^@FMF)
GOH.L:_HR:1(@CFO+.07<Z<9!!.Q=





M6

.G! S27PV?]W\$_^ 7_ )R_0XB(^&M!


M5YP0RDGKQS3[7_O?DK$:ZV\OP;N0:#8CP5\28_#.FSS'0[_3VN8K265I/LTB
M
 =A8DA2#T]:Y:Y_Y(!XF_[-Q_Z5N_\
^%=5@UZX\2^)KZVNM:F@%M''9H
M5@MHLY*IN^8Y/))K*E\ :K)\+]8\
=(?+1X\L,%N<Y/7-=M/X<O)/'6D:X)(/LME82VLB%CO+,5((&
M,8X/<51TKPUK^B^/=6UVN--ET+5I!/<)('%S'($V@)CY2
XSG_]:_RE^+T(

^TR.5+V101TR=J$
MCN.E/[3MY?DO^#H:3LWY:_F_T,CX@P:EJ<N@ZAJNA:OJ7AMK,M?Z9I[,LJ3-
M@@N@(9@/3C&#FKWPSNO!0U&\M?U_J5K)Y0\W0[UW @(/+*LF3NR<'#$?I70

MFOJ$%LUM;V^F1.L2*QY8L_S




E[Z=OU_R.-\%W+Z7XVL+'PYX7\6Z5X?N8I$N[?5;:

FYI:/HNGZ!9&STRW
M\BW




M=]117&:M\3-(TW59]-M=/UC5[BU.V[_LNR
ZVQ_VVR /PST-*X'9T5SZ^-O#


@CMKO4K%H



M5_+NGTNP
R0-Q\K-D#/TST- ':45C6'BK1=1\.-X@AO47345FDFE!3R]IPP8
M'D$$=*YV#XKZ)).C7&F:[9:=(0(]4N]/:.T?) 'S]0#GJ0!1;6P=+G=T4@(8



\.^$D==#TJ&T




U9;64Q7-Q
MIM@TT,#CJ&;(Z=\9Z5K/XX\/IX3C\3&^SI<F DBHQ9F)V[0N,[L\8Q1TN'6Q
MT-%<7I?Q+TS4-4M]/O-(UW1Y;I_+M6U2P,*3M@GMDC/'?'45VE%@\@HHHH

X([CWI]%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%

M
M&BB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@


M


YP'4A@..QJ;0?#.B^&




5T.KL'\7?#%E.599R#_

64?0BMC_A&M)\[293:DR:

32/[)6PMAIWE


AO%C^XS$JZ=
X92&&


3
MVLNR7W6_R.7^%4:BZ\:2 ?.WB&X!/L
8_F:SK71+V76-:OOAYXQCMS]MD:_T






MM_P[X0\/^$X'BT/2X;

.^:[&^LK?4KXL;N/S+:XC:*5-Q&Y6




MEX-TVS:TL]#BBB:5)F(ED+ED.Y?G+;L C.


M3^O


7_!_P RGJ<-INB:C]IU2_\ ASXS@6T^

M$;!PA.1ECCKS76ZU\



M9-.EU76=


M-M31HHHI#BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
F**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH _]D!
end







begin 644 fin_002.jpg


;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#W^BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
6&J65W:Q$B2:X21$(&3E@
M<#CFC3-<TG6ED;2M4LK]8B!(;6X24(3TSM)Q7+:7X(TSP'X#US3M+GNYH9HI
MIV:Z=68,8\<;548^4=JX#]FG_D&^(?\ KM#_ :FK.32Z*XI-I)]W8]WHHHI
M#BBB@ HHHH ***JZEJ-MI.F7.HWD@CMK:)I97/90,FDW978)7T);BY@L[=[
MBYFC@AC&YY)7JH]23P*XV]^
'@&PG\F;Q';L^
Y@BDF7_OI%(_6O'[2/Q'\



M=*O0MCA@.P(Y^N::M)-KH)W35^IV]%%%(84444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%

KZ(7[H^E$=8\WFT)Z2Y?*XM%%% PHHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *SH]?T:756TJ/5K!]17.ZT

****

@/0O\ KYD_

K*
M-$0?-%/N%%%%245=0U.PTFU^U:E?6UE;Y^;



[?-/F 88]2


V]KHR7GE5!^;




U&PD$4LAZR*1
ME6/OP0?I7I-.2L[B[H***Q_$?BG1OFG-?:Q?1V\8!V*3EY#Z*O4FI;MN-*
MY=U#5=.TF!9]2O[6RA9@BR7
RQJ6/0 L1S[5;!R

MVD12E;.$C@X(W






M9A#J6MZ;92GHES=I&3^#$5?M[B[A6:VFCFB895XV#*1[$5XKI/[.6E262Z


!)]15Z


_P#5^7]

 JJ


L:_FQ%)IVL:9J\1ETS4;2]C!P7MIUD'YJ37SWX%^&-Q\4;






MV^'O[/V?VUJGVW9CS?W?E[O79MSCVW?C65\+]9UOP1\1)_A]KMRTUL^5M2S$

MK2M%CCDU74[*P20D(UU.L08^@W$9J]7AO[2O_(#T+_KYD_\ 014R=K#BKGN$









S;3%;/<H
M)'W=
+G)SVQ6E7SKXNMH[/\ :+\
VL((BA6SC0'T!(%?15-:Q4O7\&*[YG%]
ME^(4444AA1110 4444 %%%% !03@9/2BO(_VA-:O-




@=&'3@C@U/6'X/\/?

M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !17B'QN\1ZO8^*/#NC6E]+!8715YXHSM\T^8!ACU(QVZ5[?0M8\WG8'I+E


M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 


?5_F$OXC]$9OB+_ )%G5?\ KSE_] -?*_PP


M?
PT31.Y Y EWDYQP


M%_\ Z$+_ 
H]W_\ %U
+./-U94[J7+T*4]QXV^!^L6C7VH/K/AR=A'AG8KP.

BOFKQAXE^)WC;0FTC4_




MT+K(H4D

3;6=A][Y_X

MONA&N'/)^=R6_

M]UH4ERU$EL]3Q[P9J/CWXDZ+#X=L-9N;.TL]S:AJDTSO+(68E4W9W'CC ([Y
M/057\7?_P 0?^P'B?1_$LUQY
P.N3P2-S!ESC(/KTKT']G:W2+X?
M74P^]-?ON_!4 KI/C$

MJI-)$AA92?N[EW
'7/'/KTKU'X!0I%\

Y]3D#^0%7/CC_R2?5?]





=&
M*F#]]1Z




MF=E\ZT6Y?R2R$;EV9V_
I';L:S?#Z+'^U-J*J
#S)S^)BR:]
^+OAK_A)OAY




Z1.253+*901O4QDD*W.<CUZ]

 ?;9_]:O4/!\J

M!P4C9A&@;HFU2/

MMC7/CYX:T&\N+;PWHGV]B_[R=MO%(P&-P(4E^@&2!QT/2J7_T?BGK\X@T/



K_ &V7QFS:CD/O-HQ.\=#O
M\S/XXJ?X9:SXYT#QY-X0U];W4;%&:(W#*TJP
%W*PD(^Z01P?4=*P;7XW^._

.OT.#[4X[Z:KL#VL]ST.BBBI&>'?%?X@:_+XL@\#^$I7ANYB3S0G$A=QD
M(K?P@ @DCGW&#5%_V=-3U%1





ENK^4TS;


MQI+J%R_DVJ/]T-C)8^H [=R17E.D_OQE\2=/CUOQ1XFEMHKG$MO%*AF..&
M\L





]<U;6M/UQM5U2]OVBEB$9NKAY2@(;.-Q.*]4UZ-
M(OVJ)&BH@LY0%48 ^0UXY^S3_R#?$/_ %VA_DU*+3G*W;]12NH1]?T/=STK
X:-9@KJ<

MR.?6JJ_#KQG\4[)=;\2^)&TRVN@);;3TB


=Q\5O#$
5YP/KUP#7I/QP

MZ&U2_%C_ ));X@_Z]O\ V84\1IS6_K8C#ZJ-_PMS*^&IW^K?#J.ZU*^N;R
MX-U*OFW
K2/@8P

^#7BKQSI


2-

MWCDHB' !]S6:MKU9L[V71'


\0C8
X#*P'##BO$O'WB?XD^)
M/#2^(-#CTS11,F[_1S6;^'B1BY'/85[?\ )F?X5Z 6.2(&'X!VJDFX24N
MC1+:C.+CYGSII/A?Q==_%\T.SUWR?$
1D$M_P#:Y5WX'S?O -YS[BOI#0C?


U1377_
I1O5:[?Y7.$L+3QU\;[FZO9=4;



MXOD8/@+_ 



M%]'O2H\V*\
0/?:R$D?FHK.;V[7*BK[[GK7A[_D6M*_Z\XO_ $ 5I5F^'O\



2R

M +

'9)XQ
M%I_VN4[20 /W9&P<@G@US/BZ?XB^-=8L-3U#P9?6UU9C;&]II=PN1NW#.[=T
M/3ZU[#\=2S?:<N

9X1[[J)WY%)[WM^01MSV6W_#G!?SP7X\NK30=;L_$


M&K_.HYD9_&NV^__))]$_W9?_1KUYS^T)_R-_A;_=;_ -&+6L]*L8_WE^AF
Y.!^-?/FFVOCOXWWMW=RZJV
ME: CF/RT9O+&1]P(/
.

;8[CEO_916Y\([









M C@0*KVBRM[LWS$_F:44GS2?30J3M9

M=13[(=9M4V3%/E5L@[9!Z=.?0BO1B
C!KYT^$Z?V;\=_$6GVP*VW^E)L7H L




M







G)ZXY.!2A=T_FRIV4UZ(XWP

MKAATCNH6/YX_K6=3X?N_-%P^+^NS-+X
6:V?PJT8*
&99)FXZEG;^F*[J6-9




M6GZB!C[5;1S8]-R@_P!:DU+3;/5]/EL+^!9[68 21
2 PSG!QVXZ=Z))IM=0




0NH7LGD02$ ^7QEGQZ@=/<BBK
M+FNW_78*:LU8XCX:_$2R\ Z.WA+QI!=:3<V<CM%));NRLC$G^$$]<X(&.]2


=IM(514PN\$DK



















M9U[;@FYF^URP^;\^/O(3SSS7MGQ+FUSPU\%;=3JMRFK6XMHIKRWN'#NW 8[
M^&.??K7(_ 7_ )*%XK_W6_\ 1IKMOCW_ ,DLNO\ KYA_]I3;]E'SLRHK]Y+
0QMQ@ECGA@?ID5U/P@_Y)5H/_ %Q;_P!#:O+MG_N_P!H




1X$\$
T5R#LNKJ-MK XR0



^)?!_C'X-Q

/O$_P 2?$GA!I?$&AQZ9HHF3=_HYA+-_#Q(Q<CGL*]O^$3%_A5H
M!8YQ P_ .U7&[C*_1HB5E*-NMSR[4=4\5_%WX@:EH&D:L^DZ-IY=7V
5RJG;






M=W5AT_X8G14Y]O\ @FK)\'?&/CFW&I^+?%C6US-^\6R$)F2'(X&-ZJI /0 _

MSKF-9#O7RPNSG!XS@YYKT#X]_P#)++K_ *^8?_0JT/@O_P DGT3_ '9?_1KT


M_

K1?!7CCXP6KZUKWB&2QTR9CY$90LK 'JD0*J%!XR3DX[]:-:


(/B%X
M--ZFZVN2&M[E(F(
4F.JGJ!R#U_*N!^#/B+6H_&'B'PIX@U.\O;BW):)KN9
MI&!1MK8+$G!!4UE?LV32)?\ B.TW,8@L3X[ @L/SQ_*K/C:/_AOC[H7B)%V




ME!

]H2/7#$_TK


MAQXC^$MM%XBT7Q')-$LJI-)$AA92?N[EW
'7/'/KTKZ!\#^(O^$K\&:9K+!5

(N[


80
M.I8XYX]*W/B-J=S+^SKH<CL=]VEHDI/4C9N_FHKE_/CWXE:'X6L-/T3P6+G


M4L.V6P




DB7!F-Q
M)!F
H?ER@)[CCVKP'XF:WX^UW2].NO%NDIIMCYK?9HA#Y1+XYRK



M#.ZAEW9(/+'UP.YO?M)_\BQHO_7XW_H!KU#P7;I:^!]!A0 *EA.!_LE!)Q

M%;ML$Y*@-T78-YP



GA6CFEY<KDJ58]R

M_P#(L:+_ -?C?^@&O4/!5NEIX&T&!/NI80_^@I@DXR;[_H5)VDDNWZGSQJ%
MMXE^!/BNP\G57O=*N,OL *1S* ZF

M71+@DV6GI&9 8\\


4!(CECW8;Y







(WOQ;GS9[(0F(2*/O?)N8/P

 X''2O?R 001




=3\0?VS]K^W+

MCS(SRI/NN



MHCYK\(ZHGPF^
.JZ5K!
&F7;&
3$':J%MT3_ $QP?3)]*^CQ?69LOMHNH#:[

M3S_9-W^J^QCS





]MX[)5WFX:0!-OKNZ5\^Z7<#XI_'V+5K2)VTC3CB0@CY(\
V\J,G,DC'=)*WJS=_P0[5
;*7-VV'*[CR]SPW]H=Y#XUT%+S?\ V8+?


M[IQQ_P!=&K$_X4+X4B\
^/A?_ 



CYFM-5;X1^/_&&EEMEM=6D
MDEED8!?!:+'TW



9ITW[




M

MF*Y?
0CS)K-I/<R*3_ #KO_%WQ<G\(_$*UT&_TJ.+2Y#&S
MWS2%B8V!!8+@8PW7D\ ^M7?_P )XO?CZ[\1Z;JJI9W(D7^SA:8*Q!VAP_


EF?W:2A_F

O^
M2;/_ -?TO\EKTK6/^0'?_P#7M)_Z:P/A[X*_P$#\-MH_\ :'V[

M=0!C&YO3UKI;RW^UV-Q;;MGG1M'NQG&1C.*=;WD[=OT)H^[:_?\ 4\/_ &:?
M^0;XA_Z[0_R:O=ZX3X:?#?\ X5W;:A#_ &M_:'VQT;/V?RMFT$?WFSUKNZJ;
M3M;LB8)J]^[
KQ


Y]%7JQ]A7SG\
M;



HSW&1Q]?2OHA$2*-8XU5$4 *JC  '85Y=XR

F378^$



?%VE:]_;'V3^SP@\C[-YGF;7



M*TMYY9M2OK62V^WW!C'7!V(
 ?GGMFG4]^[9




?_ SQ[IM



22CMJCJ?A9\2=4^(#WYNM&BM;:
MU 'VF.4D


TJU2VM(1A47U[DD\DGU-&M:)IWB+2IM
U6U2YM)AAD;U[$

Y

MLL


;MH SCM

GVSD?B*]3\'^
=

MK/[-^D7=X9=(UNXT^)B2898!.%]E.Y2!UZYJ8Z)QZ;EO5I]=BO\ '_QQIS:(







M#T;YF/Y$5Z\-*MH=$;2K**.UMA 88TC3Y8P1C@4I+W)=6T-/WH^3/%OV:?\
MD&^(?^NT/\FJC\?76'Q]X6FD.V-4!9CT $H)KTKX:?#?_A7=MJ$/]K?VA]L=
.M5-^]

OAR;Q'\.;R.UC
ES:
MU&@&2VW.X#

MB
JGRH P\R9NRJ.I^O05X_\  +2KS5/$NN^

#\ZT]&

M454?=;EUV)EJN4\!_:-_Y&7PY_UQ?_T-:^AH_P#5)_NBO/?B-\+?^%@:EIMY






P'KC _.OHJ6E:38:'ID.G:9:QVUINU(T' _
MQ/N:NTVUHELM!*]VWNPHHHJ1GSW^T=_R'?#'^Y+_ .A)7T%'_JD_W17G_P 1
M_A?_ ,+!OM,N?[8^P?85<;?LWF[]Q!Z[UQT]Z]!4;5^@Q3CIWFQ2UE?R/%
M_P!HCPU/J&@6&O6L;.=.=DGC)$;X^;Z @?G7<?#KQOI_C+PQ:S0W$?]H11*




QO$F
MA+JO]EMK6G#4=P3[(;I/-W$9 V9SG';%9GQT%_$O@/5]+B7=/+ 6A'JZD,H
M_,O

M4FXS^X\4^ OC2P/A_P#X16^N$M]1M97

M&^&[JZNKF
7CQ


PNI%E9E'


INK@@LH]% &%_G[TK)
MM-[+H.[2LMP\;6VMZ'\+I(?]R\-[IUO&$:-%9FC0 
QV%A::78PV5C;QV]KH2.*

'X/$$FHB!M-4Q);&+<9VD=1@-N&


MZJRCS+RZ\M6_V$'^+-7HOCGPNWC+PG=:$M]]B^T
A
%+;0Q=_:SSL9_*\O<68G[N3CKCKVHAIS-];+_ #6JBD='7D'[0VB
M7.H^[34+=&==/N-\P'9&&-WX''YUZ_3)8HYXGBE19(W4JR








M\0[&339!)86.R!)L8$AWY9A[=OPS7U%J_P#R ;[_ *]I/_037F?B/X!^']3T
MVPM=$G&CR6K







X[=*L

]K]LW+
C?!\AOA3H.#^Z<<?]=&K$_P%^%(O#%YIEMY
MOVZX4!=2N )9(R#G*J
 #MQ@D=ZZWP'X4F\%^%H=$EU(7ZPR.T

:CHWVC[/
M]LA


H]%^FHH+W91EU?\ PQ;T
_@YX;\&WJZ



7;2W
?]HS1




MRW$9RC.V!A3W  ZCCGVKZ%\)D-X-T4J00;#!'^X*X'5?@)X9N/#Z5I;O97

25^92
G)ZGKVKI]9








M=)OM)A\



M .AK7T17G?Q&^%O_  L#4M-O/[9^P?8D9=GV7S=^2#UWKCI[U*TG%]FB^C7D

M7_T:]:_CWPA_PG'A:71/MWV+S)$D\[RO
3]D,1^R
M?9MV_82?O[QC.?2O0)(TEC:.1%=&!5E89!!Z@BIM^[2ZIM_B=JCET:7Y'?
MWQ[IWB[PM9PFZC75K:)8KFW9@')48W@=P<9XZ=*G^)'CW3/!OAR[WW
;:G-
M$T=K:JP+EB

M?#W[._A[3+A+C6+^XU9D.1%L$



MQZ;?(*?NO7Y_
\%\'ZN?B3\7]%U([FM]&TI'DW+QYVW#=?\ ;?\ \=KHOV@]

(?AW_:#C4CJ$UYL'F&#RMBKGC&
MYL\FNG\4Z!#XI\






?XBAQ
M^A%8NC?LWZ-:7 DU?6KK4$5LB**(6ZL/1CN8_D152;GOHQ)*/FC


MZ


MO^\@H]-ON$_@G*77_













\/Q5^/EK?V
4C:78.CB0C'[


M+1K00HQS)(QW22GU9N_\AVI1TDI=MARNXN*ZGE_[2?\ R+&B_P#7XW_H!KU;

'_H K ^)7P]_X6'IEE9?VI_9_V:8R[_L_F[LKC&-RXKJM)L?[
M

\W[+ D._;MW;5 SCG'2E'2+3[_H$M9)^7ZGGWQ[_Y)9=?]?
/_H57



M3N=N9_%-M8FU1#^^GAU.
?(W4-TQCFN6\7_ WPYXHOYM1MII]+O9LM(8 &



NS<-_\ X[FN&_9V_L'_




/^%AS:9)_;']G
M_8A(
?9O-W[MO^VN

MX5M?#UW=1Q:I8@QQQR
%

]Z[[Q9XPTCP=H\M_J=RB
JGRH
MP\R9NRJ.I^O05QGBWX$^&_$EY-?V4TVDWDI+/YAHF8_Q%#C]*Q=&_9OT:T

MT;LTCOO?'TP/SK/^*=RGA[X]Z-K-VK+: 6TS/C/RJQ#$?3%?0NG:=9Z3I\-A
MI]M';VL*[8XHQ@**P_&?@31/'6GI:ZM$XDB)
%QVV2(GK@]#Z$$4-VE%Q^
MR)*ZDI?:-R#4K&YT]=0AO()+-EWB=9 4*^N[I7S%\4?%EEXK^*.EOIDOGV-E

EGDXBCM523'8;RQ'_CM=/K_P




MQHO_ %^-_P@&O;0, N)^)7P]_X6'IEE9?VI_9_V:8R[_L_F[LKC&-RXJ)J
M]K=RX:;]B/4M ?Q-\%X])B 
T^E0F$'_ )Z*BLOZ@5P_P%\9V5MI4WA'5)UM


RQKR0N?09Q
MFO





=].<R01M(?+WG&&*]1CC-;5%%'D 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!1UG2+37M&N]*OX]]K=1F.0 X.#W'



M(64/)H=3UX@!+?0X!KUOP+X(T_P)HZ;9


MJ3LK(FU]PHHHI#BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** O,=/^)&H:
MM\9I?

M+#Y0#S7E=]\7_&/C+6)]
^'FCYACR/M






I!)[GY1CO7977[0?@FWO1!&-3N



9<%J9MCX<^




M9EW7@OXTZ%!)J\'BB2^E0%VMHK^24^IQ'(NPX]!^%=[\)?B5)XZT^XM-2B2+




\]?3FO*+KX-P^'O OB'7O$5Y_:NN_8I9%8LS)$VWKD\NW^T?R[U$MGV




E=C\ ]?TVZ\!0Z/'<1KJ%I+)YD#
 [!F+!@.I&#C/M5GXZZ[IE


O#)GUY'X8KWROGS]






M%_


M




B;/4Z*X7XD?$RP^']C$IB^UZG<

:ECT5E).
]F!P?UKUC4]1M=(TRYU&]E



\E/.V^;M&_;TSWQ[4[:7%?4?115/5M5L]$TJY

MZ_

M0;RIY&1*2Q./0#/I6O\ #+XOZAK_ (@;PSXGLX[;4_F$4B(8]S+R4=3T;@_E



MQ-\0?%-IX1U;PMX^T@VM]=VN+2[C0;96!&0VTE3T/*\#T%=U\ /^281_]?DW

W\*\W^1ZC17FGQ*^+
7@VYCT?2K0:AKLP!6$Y*19^[N Y8GLH_




M7_QTK2B^:+ONBI+E:[




M#&R= Y/0C ^E1WOB;XU^(XO[4T'1?[








MS!I!SOJHC++P[\9?&]G'K#^(VTN*8;X8FNY+;*'D$)$IX]-W-6=!^(GC/P+X

TM+CP;8


+S2.%C12S


M2Q$!P2NUB
@\]:=X!\!67@#3;NRL[E[E;B?S3)*@#@;0 I(ZX()[=:;C:;4M


Q@

\MKEP\C8P
MQW\



M; 8]-I/F?AG-=7\./BX?$VI-X?\ $-D--UY
A4VE%E(ZC:W*L/0__6II7TZB
M;MKT/4Z*YKQUXSLO WAN75KM#


8





M?BWX^TY/$-OXNDM()F(C62^EA#;3@D)$I4#((YQTKZ
LHI8;&WBN)3+
D:K)




M




=DT#D;X7[J?Z'N*X3Q


MV@81 $I'G@' Y8EL@#VZ^H]%^%@6KT/3**\!:_\ C_(_VY;-4@R'^S!+3&/[
MNTG?^N:Z#X:_%^[\1Z\WAKQ)8)9:L-PC=%*!V7.Y&1N5; _0]*:5].HF[*_0
^+/C=X/MVU+7+-+FR7&_P R
M!T3GJ3 01Z9)Q7KGP]\<6_CWPT-3B@^SSQR&*X@W;MC@ \'N#5)75UT);
O..7?4_C[I




M*OFW
K2/@8P



G=CK[5J_XBMO;

MJWQ[UF--0LK);2VD4


:1XSL_$7@:7Q)I/(6




MK%RI:*%C\L:]-SXYZ] .N#R*X2UUSX\S[=733%:S8;Q:20P(
8_NDB7WZYJ4

%(!XXYKW.OD_QSXV

_AB_N_@M\



(?#B_;7-K)+;Q%Q:15.$95.<Y&!7S#JO
MBCQ==?%SUR\T+R?$
1C



M96-%STSN8@?4#^=5!W;B^UR9*R4EWL?0=%%%(845GZYK5AX=T:YU74IA#:6Z









B+@8


M(M;GM/$WAK^S+*.V+QS?89X=SAE &YV(/!)Q[4S3?B5K-Y\:;KP;);6 TZ)I
M LJQOYQVQ[AD[L=?:K^TDO









MFD9O+M[=3@ROC.




MVGWNON'/['S^\[:\M+?4+*:SNHEFMYD


MU F3!/4Q284_7!-?05Y=V^GV4UY=2K#;PH9))'. J@9)-?/OP25]?^*WB+Q&
X^
MSR1NIRID0BDE=<R[V_%%KXE%^IYFGBKXI?YK637%DU+1WP%-P_G(P/.!*/
MF4\X ;\B!7T%X;\067BCP_9ZS8,3;W*;@#U0]I]P017)?%*XL;?X.Z@+XIB
M6UCCA5NIE.-N/?(S^%9O[/T-Q%\- TV[RY+R5H0?[O X_$-5WOS)]#+91:ZE
M'5_@=_;_ 
1I]?U754GTVYF

MKZ95@Z*PZ$9%?.GQTG7Q)\1M!\.6'[VZB41OLYVO*PX/T !^AKZ)AC$






MUB\F3PUI

B$W-QITK0J?4L


M:K*TB0-(;;=GY&0_
%S_  L/F _QKWHD $DX KYV\$%/$O[1^JZQ8G?9VS32





OP!XUM/'7AF/5((_)F5O*N(
Y\N



\2_:3_Y%C1?^OQO_ $ UZ?X)_P1$\/_ /8.@_\ 18KS
M#]I/_D6-%_Z_&_\ 0#7I_@G_ )$3P_\ ]@Z#_P!%BG#X)?XOT%/XH^GZGAVA
M01^-?VD=0FU 6PFE=(W&010B#!]\&OH^OG#0[B/P5^TCJ$.H'RH+^:5$D
M?@ 38=#]

M4L




R3 #]#5/XR:Y9O\8M
M/@UA)IM)TQ(C+!$H)8'YV !(!R-HZ]JN_!3_ )+%XF_ZYW'_ */6J_Q4AMM#
M^.FF:MJMK'<:7<B25)XP\;(/D<$$8. 



7&C7
M?AVSN?#]O%;Z7

5REL!<#;\HQC QFAM*FU;J3<UZ?@2V/BGX:_VQDT.V


M.Y+8Y_NU%\*_A'X5U+P=I^N:Q;'4;JZS*%:5ECC 8@+M4C/3G.:[GQ%I/A3P


MA)$JC# _+US_ #K6U;PSX$T32;K4[[PQH4=K:QF21O[.AS@#H/EY/H*TJK67

$-.M[-5*K<B*Q%N2<$@$@ -C)Z$X




LQ]R237/\ Q@T.WUKX:ZL9HU:6SB-U^.49.3CZC(_
M&MWP;K=OXA\(:7J5LZLLMNF\ @[7 PRGW!!K%^+FM6VC?#76#/(%DNX3:PKG
MEV?CCZ#)_G7WE?^M2:'V?Z]3%^ '_)

MTKU&KJ?%]WY(BG\/W_FPKR;]H?\ Y)Q#_P!?\7_H+UZS7DW[0_\ R3B'_K_B
M_P#07K&IM\U^9M3^+[_R9T7P@_Y)5H/_ %Q;_P!#:NWKB/A!_P DJT'_ *XM





M:EG9M/A 4#J3\M87@#Q!\/\ 7M1N?^$3TJTM+V&
^:T6G+ VPMC[ZKC!(!QG
M^7!RDWYE\-O
\L^*.G1ZM^T!I&GRJ'BN/LB.IZ%2QR/RS7TDJJBA5 J,
M#L*^?/''_)R^@?[UK_,U]4H?PEZO\PE_$?HCYI\5Z-::C^TS!8RQ*8)[BWD




WM7*?WXC'X@Z?J$MQ;PVMU:S




0 !DD

M$G_DFGB/_KPE_P#0:ZFN6^)/_)-/$?\ UX2_^@UG4^%EP^)'%_LZ_P#)/;O_



M_P#%3PQXH8
^)WB-_!W@HLFG;BMQ=JQ42J
M.S

'NKBY)BN;J'N.







&O$<&




MD8Z#H3_2O6?%OCO0? UM;R:Q+-'YX801PPLQ?:!D#L.HZD=:AU+P3X


=.U2<-)=
MQQV]W,0.6&-K-^39J9V=-M=&KE0NIJ_5.WXG._#GXN^#O!'AVTN33-5:]):
M2ZEA@B*R.3ZF0$@# Y':NHN/VA_!5U;2V\^E:W)%*I1T:WA(8$8(/[VIO@_I

M6=FT^$!0.I/RUI4W?
9T]E8\3_9ZU18_&NMZ9:&7[!
[7Y

M-;OUO,OCW_R2RZ_Z^8?_0J]-KS+X]_\DLNO^OF'_P!K*I\/W?FBX;_ -=F



)\N4:1&$.?NLR*H/ZUS'[.VB6]KX
NM7\L?:
:5U2-%+
S'  '


LV




%X@[HL<3;EQW);'/]VJ_PS


LQ]R237/_





MXW2TVN;22;UWM^!!IDWP]\=ZM'K-G_9FIZE$B[3(/WL:J20?+;D8)/./3VK.

[21+*

?RI3LZ=UW_P A
MPNIV?;_

M-%(!UP1U'N.HKBO@KK
&K?#+38HY 9K$-;3)G)4@DC/U4BNTUG5;;0]&O-4N
=:L=%ADBAEMY9)/
E9


#Q/YV

M7GO[07A_5)AI'B2PA





M:%:B5SO

[21+*P\R)D([C&5
M.['3ZYS337
KZ!RNSY3V+XYZK+IGPQO$A8JUY+';$C^Z3EA^(4C\:\[^'/Q=








D@2

MP_FQ2_B?)!1110



4+1SHOH3E

M?_'J\'^%'Q





WJQ_IT%=!5:15E\_



4OXC]$%%%%(9\]^


[7
@4'\B:^F:^=O@1_R4WQ-_UR
MD_\ 1PKZ)JE_#AZ('_$GZGSEX:C33?VH;ZWMUVQR3W *C@?-&7/ZU9_:-U4G





O0^AH_]4G^Z*^?=
M_Y.HU#_ 'YO_1-?04?^J3_=%?/NA?\ )U&H?[\W_HFG'^*OG^1G+^_E^:-
M?]I/_D6-%_Z_&_\ 0#7H_P .]

M&B_]?C?^@&O5OG_ )^B_\ 7C!_Z *4/@EZ_H5/XXKR_4X+]H&UCG^&AF90




M@-G'(^.[N-S'\R:Y']H&UCG^&AF907M[N)D)'(SE3_.N]\*?\B?HO_7C!_Z
M*XGX]_\ )++K_KYA_P#0JK$?%+U_4F@_=3\OT+?PXOVLO@EIU\QR;:QEDY]%
M+D?RK@_V==




MHWAB.=H+*5%FEYPKLSE06]0N

E4\]?^''#RT_X8[GX2/YGPKT XQBW*_D[
MO+_@C_R5?Q9_NS?^CQ7IOP@_Y)3H/_7%O_0VKS+X(_\ )5_%G^[-_PCQ6K_
M ([]'^ABOX*]5^I]4445!J%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %

M-?OO!(M/'





MWVBH2MIT*;OKU/


MZE=^$-6M]&:5=2DMG6V




M-BB2&)(HD5(T4*JJ


M-O;2WQEC

M:_$_P)-

KZ?HH J:6EQ%I%E'=E

MAVCY=V[KQTKV6BBE]E1[#ZM]PHHHH \M^-WA#7?%^A:9;:%8_:YH+DR2+YJ1




?C1KUMJVI^%=

XY =8P@)R.1R1]:F6ON[W*

/+


MHJ$K;%-WW/#/#7P5UG4_$:Z_X_U)+V0
'^S+(9#(1T#M@ */[JY'TKU7QAX4
MLO&/AFYT6\)C20!HY$'

M



TFW:W





M\



M*%8$Y8@=Q7H=%2U=6*B[.Y\Y:/H_QXT'2K?2]
@\BSMP5BCWV+;023U8DGDG
MJ:OK9?M :@WV:XNA:QOG



$?)MDD#.1W0!!L0'N5S_6O?**




M
-O&NLV^H_$35MO#_P NRR*T
MA&?N@)\B ]R,GI^'OU%.^MR;:6(;2U@L;2&TM8EBMX4$<<:# 50, O)?B!\

M-8^&]+M+E-D\%I%'(N0=K! ,CCJ*TJ*2T37=W!J[3[:!1110,1E5T*,H96&
M".*\
U[X-^(- \0R:[\.]36T9PQ-HTFPKGG:I(*LI]&QCC\/=**5M;H=]+
M

]=312:NK#3L[GR?IGPN^+
M6BM(VE65[8-* )#:ZK%%OQTSME&:T?\ A#?CG_S]:Y_X/5_^/5]/T4Q'B'PR
M\.?%#3?&<5SXJGU1]+$,@87&J+.FXCY?D$C?RKTCQWX*LO'7AQ]+NY##(K2





MO''IQ7ME%%5?2Q-M;GD7A'0OB':?%:^OM9FU%O#KRW)A6741)%M)/EXCWG'&
M
NT44ELEV'U;[A1110 4444 !Z5XI\*/ 7B;PU\0M8U35]-^S65Q#*L

M8B?*

M#P1T-3^/-

M/P7\+ZSX3\'7%AK=G]ENGO7E5/-1\J54 Y4D=0:K?$SX1P^
[E=8TJZ6PUN-

M YW/^\X_.MWP#\&+G3-?'B3Q=?IJ&IJ_FQQJ[.!)_?=VP68=AC ]Z]DHH3L[



MV6-U9^O*@( BY[L

ZQLC<

#:;K








MZJC[XHE8NJMV9F('3LH&!Q7L%%4G9WZDM75N@4444AF#XQ\*V?C/PU

M)*SNAWNK


I.VJ/GL_#/XE^ ;RX
M/@;5A=6
SY\O?&K=^627Y
C@9!R?3TGN?A7XX\5:7?:KXRU WNIQVCC3].CE
M10)2.Q7+@^G!P


M 'I7/5F]S_+ KQS6O@]XM\+^))]=^']^H5V)2W$@CD0

=


M'0 =E&3@5UM%4G9:$M7W. ^)GPPL_']G%-'

M/B#XAU35M.^SV5V)!!)Y\;[\R[APK$CCU%'QC\#^(_%7B/0+O1=.^U06BD3-
MY\:;?G!Z


WP_:S6/AO2[2Y39/!:11R+D':P0 C(XZ
MBM*BBJD^9MLF

0:T**;UCRL6TG)'S[_ 
*O^)/@*[N'\#:RMS9RMD1;T5C_
M +R2#82!WS2-\
OB;X]N(#XVUE;6SB;)BWHS#W5(ODR1W)R*^@Z*/74/30R_
M#V@:?X8T2VTC3(?+MH%P



ME422

M^?2OH2BCUU#TT*&BZ-8^'M'MM*TV$0VELFQ%SD^Y)[DG))]ZOT44VVW=@E;1

MB=8_
5

M_P!





MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB


M8?





MF[BM%@B/(@5+
  =L.2_ZTEKKT&U;0]^HKPWP_\ &_5=+U\:)X_T@:?(6V_:

M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !17C_C'XK:[

MH **** BO+/$?Q*UG1_B]IGA*WMK!KZ







DUS7@WQYIGCEM2?28YOLME*L0FE&WS203D


WI0M6TNFH-V2;ZZ'I5
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44


W<04R00/*H;H2JDC/MQ2;2BY=$-*\N7J7**\K^$/Q+UGQ_=:K
M%JMM80K:)&T?V6-U)W%LYW,WI7JE4TUN2G<****0PHHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@


D 207 GQZD@JG3V

M&

' #8_6O
MHWP5XWTSQYI
^HZ7!=PPPS&!END56+  \;688^8=Z\1\2:%I$'[1NE:7#I5C
M'I[M!OM$MT$394YR@&#GZ5]#:?I&G:/;/;Z3I]I81.2Q2V@6-2V
9(4#)X'Y

M_M


MXE9B69E.1G&


UK.NV1

[63&X 9[ CC



-




M&6K^+/&VJ::DHE#6]M?W*(K










DAV^8SB6%3G RP (^NW _6O7E974




MVK22Y;]2(OF\CA/%OQP\


M:\)^
='\::3_ &AH\[.BG;+'(NV2)L9PP_J
CWK
\8_$G1O!&I6%CJ5M?RRW

JR$*W/?#?K4W[0G_

M3=DO


XEA4YP
L /KMP/UKUY65U#*05(R


MT
E[ R$=

'$D;#;)$WHR]OY'M6

MT5(86



M.VTG5M.E1DP+0D(V/3RVP?TKTGX0:-HGCQO%%A=W%L1(SQV4JD2AEPRGJ2
M
DG QC@=JI:.SV)W5UN;/CCX@:5X!M+2XU6WO9DNG9$%JBL00
\[F6NBT^]C

[C\R-9@ X&<<@$CMZUP'[0'_),7_Z_(?ZUT'PI_P2
M6^'_ /KU_P#9C2CJI7Z6'+1Q\[GC7PP\0:;X9\?^
M4U6X6UB2;)ZECY_J

/BQK U&/S-/


MW/+U9D^$?&FB^-M

MJ=J@#+2

MFH^&YIXY9--7S Z@X4ME21GL2O3\:&[J+6E_P[@E9M/6VOJ3WG[2]FEP5L?#










&#)@8+
O!(/3G/Y5





T'2H]-TR













M&EJ[;1




MQU:N^E3LES&

M@

$1 /[I!&!VS[O1/CY(LOPL


M^26^(/\ KV_]F%.M[E[=/^ 31]]*_7_@EC1?'^E:[X*N_%5K;WJ6-LLK/'*B
MB4B
9. &(^G-?.^M?$72-1^


[#RI(.#P.GI7CG[
M/OA_1=9T769-4T?3[YX[B


/B2:UCFU*\=RDLBAC$BL5 7TR023UHAKS





M7VKU.LWP_#';^&]+AAQY:6D2KCI@(

M/:


2U16(.,\[F7BO$H+4_CX]6MA8R2#2M09%

?CA



%]NTJ3CN




-0CTTQ3Z?J$G^KBG
MP4D..0KCO]0



L^/O#MAXD\':E:WEM'*Z6[R0.5&Z.0*2I[<U53W-0A[VAK:)KFG^(M(@U
M32[A;BTG7*

M@UPG[-EW+)H&MVC



?4Q
Q/Z 5[3J^KV&@

K[


%K)]E%\PS=7? \QSV#'

M1




M+XBL?GA^ZUK4?,-M;@%EB +L20  0









MI. LJ#UQD@CW!-=$+&S%E]B%K +



M&?&KP[8:O\/-1OIK:

P9

.D6WA;XI:'


M$;2L%')C)Q[\5S/@?XA:3X_@O)=*M[V%;1E63[4B*26!(QM9O2MKQ#SX8U0
M_P#3G+_Z :\;_9I_Y!OB'_KM#_)J4=923Z*_XA)VBFNK_0]WKCO/Q)T;QGK



M()!EGN!!GT( 5N#[XK

\%?&;PYXQ


RKNCM+< N
W!VKP69V_NJ
MHY)KR&__ &EM/CF T[PU<W$7.6N+I83^05_YUU'Q,^%U_P/]8TZY768X+*U



0J-(PDB+$X WC!';DJ!7K%?
_P =[[P?J
^G


Y=I;2)RQ[DH#FJ6L


M9=)NY3B/S)!)$Y[+OP





M@2
;6;TJIX/\02^)_A+#J=P2UPUE+'
Q_B= RD_CC/XUP'[-/_(-\0_]=H?Y


M1XB_:)T/3+Z2VT?2Y]5$;[6G



[' 4
M#J2:^;?C#I%MX6^*6AZKI

MX/!VY_/&W\

MS:98
 28[





MX_P^'9Y'_LVP/E


!VS7FOPR\.VGB#XT:G]N@

G
MU7]?B.7Q.*Z
Y)?BCX?'B[4O#DXNK:?3HWEN+F946 *H!)#;L]QVKA-7_:2T






MDONO^I[EXD\3Z1X3TIM2UF[6WMP=J\%F=O[JJ.2:\AO_ -I;3XY@-.\-7-Q%
MSEKBZ6$_D%?^==1\3/A=?^/]8TZY768X+*U4(;5HSW;+L&!/)7IQV'K7;VT6


M*C2

^G7F@7E


Y=I=
#ECW)BSFB3_=N2W5_R

M['[?L_X1FY^QY_UOVM?







B*27
TD@1%9SRQ)X&


690(PK$L25/85Q4W[2VGK?A(/#


M3&/[FW'_ (]7%_!3PG:^(/&]U'J*_:+#3%
WD/RCR9VJ2.A[G\!7TEXAT/3M

QD


MWCEVMK)Y;:_0;C:7( =AZJ02&'Z^U7;#Q1X!TNQ2RL=?\.6UJB[5BBO854#Z











MNJ8GW1V]%%%(84444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5YUXF^%?@OQ


MQ@@


6P%0@\DDGD&O

98S@ACU.XXSZYKVK


M\DM\/_\ 7K_[
:\(F\+:=XB^/^KZ%KDUS;PW5U


MAW25V=W\8M
@T7X)II=L\CP6C6T


M
C=Q7I?_  SCX/\ ^@EKG_?^'_XU7





M8T7_ *_&_P#0#2J748I]QPLY.W8]6\*?\B?HO_7C!_Z *XGX]_\ )++K_KYA




M
^DKG[/]FD%UY7D


M/A9IHT+Q#X9FN+2W;9 TS-$5SD[1)M97'ICWY](LKM2T9I?1-;%'7OAWXV^%

/P=X1L=%202/I



M7S1CKST]:M_M?\ (W^%O]UO_1BUG? ^WF\,_%C5= U'8EV+:2# SAG1E/RY
MZ@@$CVK1_:$_Y&_PM_NM_PC%IKXJ7R_-DO:K\_R/?;C[/\ 9'%UY7D
NUQ+




N(KV(/D]OG7&
M/^^37/\ A[7?&GPK\?6'AS7KM[K3[EXT\II3+'L8[0\1/*X/;CITZ5L1_M%Z
MI9A;+4O!^=14!7 N6BRQ'_/,QDC/IGO3?#_AOQ7\3OB':^+/$VFMINF63*8H
M9$*%@C;E10W)Y.2Q&#S]!<+J2[=29V<7WZ&C^THI_L'0FQP+J09_X*]9\)D



M%+KQ3X@LSH^DV&P65@5(:1W=5+-G!Z$\D#V'4U[3\*?^26^'_P#KU_\ 9C1%

!+*[N@/4A96S_Z$*]]KY

M(];\*R@ZEI-S)*+8KG[0C2
&7KSP.G?M@XKL[G]H'Q ^_2K?P:T.M$%0KR.Y

MU[CXBT_0M6TMM.\0):R6DYA+APN6)P-IR&R0 1SS7E_P )OAUK%OKD_C7Q

=S??:=+E)VPI


/25G:[N)9/,FN
M)BSNB@=AA1R1T KWS3/^2:6G_8(3_P!$BOFWXA:7X]UFP'C'Q79_9K<R+!%;
MD;#I!(PG)49X^8YR17T1X:OH]2^$MC=1

M4_'_ 

ZY?T.B^-WQ
MU7P^UCX=T&5H+^^3?)/']]4)VJJ^A)SSU&.*Q=,_9VGO\7OB7Q).]U*FZ6.&
M/<P;CK(Y.['3[OXUI_'+P'J^M36/B70H9+BYLH_+FAB&9-H;<K*.^3QUZ5B



MR0R =B')_D0?QJHWY97\B)VYHV\SSWX(_P#)5_%G^[-_Z/%?0E?/?P1_Y*OX

M]MAQ=M]SV7XC6DMW\!)5B&6CLK:4C_94H3^@-+\!+R&X^&%O#&X










M5?%OP

ME#%L!4(/)))Y!K:D^



&K3O
MET'P]H$EE8S/MN9$D
BD#!P\NU0J]R
9/'T/MO@+P







327)9
M/^MSN?@!_P DPC_Z_)OZ5QGBK_DZ'1_]^W_]!-=G\ /^281_]?DW]*XGXOVN



M  __ !JLGXC_  ]\0Z+XP'CGP5&\DY?S;BWA&75\?

M:U L;[P?C4QA6'VEH\L0

M9+AAN6)KN 
PSC('EY(SQ7LB((XU09PH &:^=O#G@OQ7\3?'$?BCQA:R66GP


M]BN

M$\

!F1C]YC[DYJ'%N$K]=O\ 








MCK1O&5CJ%EXI\71;9[^8E5)!


MG_D&^(?^NT/\FKKOCAX;&O?#RXN8T!N=

M+_Q



MZ'J-UIK/RL;?OXA]




MGA72+




M_I?Y+7):%_R=1J'^_-_Z)K9_QUZ/_P!)1BOX+]?_ &XU_P!I/_D6-%_Z_&_]


MA KS/2?BOXQ^'.G1Z+XI\
$_#=IX2\-6
M6BV9+1VZ8:0]9')RS'ZDFG%64F^N@2=[1734VJS?$5N]WX9U6VB)$DMG*BX]
M2A K2HZU$ES1:'%\K3/OV:KN(Z5KUGE1

M'QO/XI\'6KWVF7+

3





MB^#_ !__ 

7M63[\IQ7[



M.K21




MXM\6^&?B

8P)I/

E
M-BW;9W^FSR\_AFK?PX\&^)/$'CV3Q_XMM39ORUO;NA1F;;M!V'E54=
\DX-$


MHH8WD2)[1R)@ E1R5( SCWIMK^T7J=UBSA\&F?4,$;8KICEAU^01D_AFEW


\?


M.:;6AI!I/4R?AG=Q7OPU\/2Q
&5;*.
X[
HVD?F#70ZE
P6*&%Y'
XK0_9H0BV\12?PEX!^C
M_P-=1\8?AI<^
+:WU?12!K-DNT)G;YZ9R &[

MYZG7G'QSNXK;X5:C'(P#7$D
48SU.\-_)37 6GQU\3^%;2/3?%/A:6:]B&P3

MCS:(J


VK0C?

M'SY^T)_R-_A;_=;_ -&+4W[2=M+Y?AR\_N4,T9/HQV$?H#^50_M?\ (W^%










E2.#*RDLC$'^.4@+@'G &<COTKW/P)X1@\$^%+


;O_ ).OB_ZZI_Z340_BQ^?Y%/\ AR^7YG8_
M'WP__:O@$:E$F9]+F$N0.?+;Y6_FI_N?\5_$#[9^SW8SK+F^U-5L)/7<O$A
M_$+_ ./O:M5TZ'5M)O-.N%W0W4+PN/9ABODKP9X?U+4_B'I_@Z]=VL]/U2


MYR17T1X:OH]2^$MC=1



FOGKX.W4=[

W!I4T^=M]F5-KDMYH@^)VD6


M$5I;J!06/0#

ML_W9O_1XKZ#;[I^E2_X4?\/^8+^)/U9\^?L\?\C3XG_W%_\ 0VKW^Z_X\YO^

O_E[+_$_S/ O

M2[9Y'@M-
\F-IQ50 2 !GCTK#_9Z_Y)L__7]+_):Z3XBVT-E\)M;M;= D
M,.GF.-1_H  'Y5S?[/7_)-G_POZ7^2T1=Y5'Z?F3+:'J_R/2M8_P0'?\
M_7M)_P@FO%?V:?^0;XA_PNT/\ )J]JUC_D!W__ %[2?^@FO%?V:?\ D&^(
M?^NT/\FI0^*7I^HZGPQ]?T*7QX_Y*)X4_P!U?_1HKZ$KPG]H'0M6DO\ 1/$.


M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH 1T5T*.H96&
@BL67P;X7F



CKNQTW!6 ;IW!









^F!CFL/XF_&#2?$/A^7PUX4%Q?W&H%86E$+( I(^5

**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH


UF? /PS

+8_NP P,#I5*RN^K)=W9= HHHI#BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH ***SK7Q!HM])
..N\ _+T/7TH T:*XI_BY





M_P/?OAB0Q:QK=M;S#&803)(
]



2S(' # 
 1G'?FN?\;Z5X.U:PM8_&4EFEJDI: W5Z





MC/:N


MBQX%TBY-O=^(K8R@D$0(\X!'4$QJP!HN!V5%9.A^)M$\20--HVJ6UZJ@%A$X

M0MOBE0.C8QE2


):22\OU
^Q^)


UGQ%

/B.W5\9S/%)O_
M 'TZ@?K7:1313Q)+#(DD;C*NC AAZ@CK18!]%-DD2*-I)'5$499F. !ZDUQ=
MY\7O 5C=_9IO$ENTGK#')*G_ 'VBE?UH\@\SMJ*HZ5K6EZ[:?:M*UVO8
[2
FSO/$-L)P=K+CS!3G!!**0#]30!V-%4]-U73]8L4OM-O(+NU?


]JX/XG^*O#]S\-=8


MT&2&\FCUK3I([$9NF2Z1A!U^_@_+T/7TK

M.?\ 9W@;NG\.:%KL#T.HHK

MP#J%QY




ML
B21N
JZ


MMP;?4]?M8YU;:T40:9T/^TJ D?C5S0/&GAOQ0

/R
+_EY(^I6=WHLD92

TTM7



L&DZY;3SL2%A;



^A****!A7&^%OB5HWB[Q#J&BV%M?QW-@&
K



MX58)K6L6]K*0&\GEY
$X!V*V/?% SH**Y_P_P./#/BH[=%UBVNI0WE9*2
M8'?8P#8_N@HM8 HHHH Y+QS\0](\ 164FJV][
+MG6/[*B-C;C.=S+ZBMGP


 4D4_W6& ?P]**?O73WOH%3W4FNVI]
UR7CGXA



M9SG'/2B/O7\K!+1I=[GHE%-DD2*-I)'5$499F. !ZDUQ=Y\7O 5C=_9IO$EN

M* *]]?6FF64MY?7






8


2MMD ]

Z'_:5

6


M]XAMQ.I*LD*/-M(Z@^6K8/L: .PHK/T?7=*U^T-UI&H6U[ #@O!(&VGT/H?8
FX+78?17#WGQA\ V-P8)O$<#..<P12S+_







3^$_

GW<%W;/G;-;R1&P<'# D'FA:Q4NXG\37;_(L45C:]XMT#PQ$)-:U:VL\

M:VT[2&)Z^H%7/#5GX'



M''AGQ4=NBZQ;74H!;RLE)


-%F
M,-[XBM/,#%&6#=.5(Z@^6&Q^-6-^(GA'Q)

M4+78'IN=/7&^%OB5HWB[Q#J&BV%M?QW-@&
K7$:!#M;:=I#$]?4NRKY[^/
M_)5_%G^[-_Z/%$=9V\FQ3=HW7='T)1110
***Y36_B7X-\/7#6^I:_;1SJVU

GW<%W;/G;-;R1&P<'# D'FA:Q4NXG\37;_(L45@:[XW\
^&F9-8UJTM95
M7
MKZ=HML+C4KR&UB9@BF1L;F/0 =2?85;61'C$BNK(1D


K

MZM;6BNNY%9MSN/557+

)#1R8'4[' 8

M&B:O!=R*
M$

MU2/2Y=4LH]0D *6CW5L]







I2
M3_=(/S?AFL72/BGX(UR[%K8^(;8SL0JI

 ;*Z^SR^([=G]88I)4_[Z12OZUU.E

MNH8Y&B:2)MR[AU /0XSVKC/B[K6F6G@#6M.FU.SAOY[7

$7_P/&A./.$I^NWS7S_ $H@





M1I@M+&%L;U6

\*X8JV/KQ^55?VB;F6R\4




TUM%+(2D9D+&&1
'ACR5(/0Y[^

MVD
?38HY(V&0RF
 @UXMKO[/^MZ7J+W_

T8/\*NO#?4[?QJI)1J2TTV]-61!N5..OGZZ&WXZ^ FDW&E






MHY422N-HR1TX7KUXXZFO?O#_ 


M)'!Q&I![]:[C_A5GQ?\ ^A]_\K%W_P#$4FDDHCYKML9X U#4OAM\5)? =_=M

-R

M]1BUZ]





MXS@N[ ACD@X (X_3J?VB?
_X5Y;;
[/[0CWX]-KXS^.*[+X:E#\-?#OEXV_8



9_X:MB\_IYZ;-W_7N,?K7T51%?NT^KN.?QVZ*Q\V?$/P%<
M?K4;/Q;X1NYXK590CQLQ8Q





M!/UQ7EOQ#_Y.0T#_ *Z6?_H=:O[2Q?\ LSP^HSY9FF)]
[5Q_6IDVZ4;]VOQ
M*BOWLO2_X#_A[\%=





V-Q+8ZA5[=S^%=C8? CP':V*07.G37DP7#7$MU(K

MQ71JT445(SY6U^WU34OCSK6C:3=FUFU2?[)+

'BW4/#
6F^&;






\@DC'Z^J?#CQ6WC+P38ZK+M%U@Q

/B
M9JWAZ2[FATN6\EN;U(CCS%C=MH_-OUSU KWS1_A+X1\/Z_9ZSI5A);W%JK!5
M

O@BH/Q9\5L1R%FP?^VXKZ%HCI%NR6LY7[GS+H&F
MV7Q/^

6VW1
M64$





XDF(]O
MW-:-7JQOV_3_ (!DG:G+U_7_ ()Z':?!7P5I]YI]Y:6$T=S93+
':=W\TKTW



MG@$%HV/0\'*GJ


J


.!@
Q);G/


MEDMH4F
C1


GL.Y^H
MKI_A7\6!X[:;3=1M8[75H(_
_=$^7

MW_7N
?K6C7-4BI;?G8E.T)26Z_4[?0O@)X.L-

_
M&\QCX3ZMYF/O0[<^OFK43DU[R+A%/W6=3X4U^+Q1X6T[68@%%U&90?NOT8?
M@016S7F_P*#CX4Z=NZ&6;;]/






M1U V6C 1







M^%.A!1C
;URO[/7_ 39_P#K^E_DM$'=
!NV2[/KM3^F:]ZI12]E'T

MXRC0_#2G=M\R3=Z;MJXS^M2VW25^]OD4DE4T[7^9/\/?@KIFJZ-%K_C W&H7

ZQ+


5%XG$O^OV1YSU^^V?UQ5.T
_@C_P E7\6?[LW_ */%?0E?/?P1_P2K^+/
M]V;_ -'BB'\3Y






=/'U[J&K74T.BV1^6-#@HA)V1K
MV!.
D^WTKVG6_




21:IXKL[Z-&W(EUJ-S*%/3(#1G!KWC
MPQIMQHWA;2M
NG22XM+2.1HR2I95 .0#CCTJU\%F^OX$OXKHU:***D844R





8W;?0DD#/UKB-)_
MY.KN?^N\W_H@U'^T(D\WCW0(8IO)+6RB.1B0J






M)0$

M5;]I;S-_AOKY7[_Z9^2O=M


M?UHAO*/2UPFO=4NM['.ZY#JU]\?-9TK1KHVMSJ4QM'G YCC9%+D?\!!KUVT^

1]?)KZ&I12]E'T
M_4).]27E_D?

ML7:R:'H(N3;Z?=EI;AAG#88 9]0
DX^GI5#QP/\ C)?0/]ZU_F:]7\?_  _T
MWQ_HZ6EW(UO=0$M;72+N

MAZ=+@/\ 9[W^Z
$79O)1YG'WAL8+^0KE[/X/:]X4^)MKJOA.XC31T9&?[3/@




41D*F7!


1K^U1JHCQCRW)QZ
M^2N?UJ(?Q%\_R*G_  W\OS.L^-
'BW4/#

QN)(U1B.54(1P.G-;OQ/\ B7!\/]-A
M6*W6ZU2[S]GA8D*H'5VQSCGH.OM7GEF_QT\5!;N.==

*/
M%
FHR).D:6WG2S@;N^YR




MSEZ/\CWFBBBD




M2?[J5WL_T!_Q(V6Z_4\=\$?/4?%.O:GK/Q#@O!)Y@Q[E3



MEXI\
W4&/










M-0NV+W$UJOF.3RQ'&3[G&:\?^/_ 5?Q9_NS?\ H\5Z;\(/^24Z#_UQ;_T-
&)/%'@./0/$MPPGF@B6[ELW )=22I93U([B
MO#H_B9\4/ %Q'%XHL)+JU+ ?Z;#C=[)





#@%H_K@9JH?&KO3J3+X6NO0U?VD^/#.BG_I];

M_7XW_H!KU3PBBQ^#-#1!A180 #_@ J:?PR?G^@YOWHKR_4^=_BQX/MOAEXDT



M\P X+
1R!D8 &
 5U7B;X!^%;[291H5O+IE^BEHF$[R(Y]&#D\'VQ7 ^%/AY


MM?CC9OI#[-1:&*W;T=]R@_^/5VWPM^%7B/P7XONM9UC4+Y2XMGC;R)I'=G
M9E;)W(
]#SFN;\=HK_M*Z K#(WVA_)C3=I5(7Z[_ '
5^6$VMNAVVD? CP?;


MIC?$XZ
H

MO)IUQ-,%P;IKJ0.3ZX!_I7




C
9'C^M;'[1GF?\(%8;<[/[03?_WP^*EM

9[B\%Y*QBB
-;_5;:]\,:Q*\EYIPSTIRYC!VE3Z[



M?W;VZ?\  )HN]F^O_!

C')8+]W)[\$#\*\Y^)






M1)N487ZW_(]1HHHJ2@HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****

M)[[P=\2]:UNWLI;NQAGF2_2/J(FEQN^H;'7CMQFOKBOGCX*QQS?%+Q=%*BO&




M\32-)J^B6MQ




M^3]
5TNC_#'P7H-P+C3_  _:K
K!UDF+3

MAGB7[2?_ +&B_\ 7XW_ * :](TS_DFEI_V$_\ 1(JUXE\(:%XOM8;;7;'[
M7# _F1KYKQ[6QC.48=JTHM/M8=


M;B
X^^QQU/2MZM)N_P!Q


M4ON(@G&_J?

M'9M

MX.^ ([S[4OAR$R;BV&GE9







M=UWP)X:\2W]K?:MI@GNK0!8)5FDB* '(^XPS@^M3&RFI#EK!Q[G*_'O_ ))9

M_PS5_R ==_Z^H__ $$UZCH7@;PSX9AEBT?2(+7S4*2.S2
IZ@NQ+8_&I/#




90Y20CN.Q^@KH]!^/?@
MZ_TN*75KJ33+W:!+T$DB[NY5D4Y'UP:]2(#*58 @C!![UQVI_?P+J]R;B[


M.CZ7:V2-C=Y






 #-@I(0.@WJ0WZU5T7X9^#/#]P)].\/VJ3*VY9

?3+*%_
UPOP4TR\UWXA:WXU^R&UTZ1IA$




L

M 


O;7Q+HOB(0-



M &3:QZ7

MUEX
_:.U74-:9X+0R2!I A;:'0%6P!DCIT%?07A_PWI/A;3/[.T:U-M:;S((


M


M'F\EI$FP

D#K[G':I-!\ ^%?#
BRZ1H=K;S+G;
09)

E7\6?[LW_H\5]!D$@@'!]?2N?T/P/X

6GP=\ 65P)XO#
MD+..


M^(OBCXB\=^



4\QGF2-5DE*@%V Y; X&3SQ4U%%)NXDK*P5\P7E^_P -?C]=ZMK-


M.!@

M+25M/&+4)(\2Q#(. $8#' Z^E4K*2EV9

M1U&1C/X=:^=_ WB^\^#GB*_\

5F

ME2PL?*\VY=



#XH?\ )


=_F.
G+$
MGL*4=.;SM^ Y*_+Y7/FW7M0U;1_CYK.L:/:-=S:?.;B6%?XH0BA_T/OCKVKU

M0[@0 ?E+;1T':LR]^%'@;4-1^WW'AVV\_=N/EN\:$YSDHK!3[Y'-*-U!1[#=

MEW:A:.+BW7IO(!!7\03CW KM+#3K+2K*.ST^TAM;:
82*% BC\!5FG))Q45_
M3!-\W


 #-@I
M(0.@WJ0WZU5T7X9^#/#]P)].\/VJ3*VY9)=TS(?53(6(_B7O_$]WX3+^$:

MYV\ JYW


MRL\]F^/'@./3FN8]0N)9@N1:K:R!R?3)&W_QZO'M*U;5=?\ CMH6M:K:M;-?




#^9&OFO'M;&
Y1AVK5M+
L/M:VQ8Q#SI(
M]I.,_<89Z#K6W#$D$$<,2[8XUJ
YP 

\MR<^7/&'&?7GH:N3]]S76_W



BJ7PA^(GAN;POH7ADWK1ZRJ&$6S0O\Q!)R&QMQCGK7JUS;07EM);7
M4



D:K)*5 +L!RV!P
GGBJ6C


M'8=OSKU;6/A5X+U_5KC5-3T;S[VX(:63[5

?SY6R7.6^4L5YSZ5TM);+N/J^W0

M/@3PWX9U.ZU+1]-^S7=TLTGGR/N!.X\,Q Y]!7157V8KLKM[TGW=SYTTG_
F[=99BQN?/D.25VGY=VWIQTKHZFWN1CU7^95_?<NC/&/!/QZT&
M71(+7Q1-+8ZA @1YO):1)L#&[Y 2#QR*SOB)\<+2]TT:1X)GNI;VY=5-Y'&

D@



MS


MBO

?C7DGPQ^*47@:VE\(^
8+BS
M%G(PBF

:UI%K=L%VB1UQ(H] XPP_

TOQ/I3Z9K
M%K]ILW97:/S&3)!R.5(/ZU#7[M1\_P!;C7\1R\E^1S'PFB2?X1Z+#*H:.2W=
M64]P78&O(M$U.\^!GQ!O].U2UEET._(*2H,DH=KKV)&<
/_ *V?HG1]'L-!

URS-IJMA;WEOG/ESQA@#ZC/0U



K#T(/!KC6^#O@!KS[4
M?#D/F;M^T3RA










MQ:]AM/ OANP\3R^)+73?*U:8L9)UGD 8L


MVWI6)XE\(:%XOM8;;7;'[7# _F1KYKQ[6QC.48=JSDKEQ=BIIVEP:Y\-++2[


M3K7T=:6L-C9P6ELFR-8XUR3M4# &3ST%4M9\.Z-XBMU@UC3+:]C7[OG1AB

MU\.6QD&
&=WG QW D9@*[( *    . !VI*RN^HW=V1\^:%_R=1J'^_-_Z)IO
M[0NF7MKXET7Q$(&FL4C6%LC*JZN6PWIN!_0U[+!X&\.6WBJ3Q-#IVW6)2]S
MY\ASD;3\I;;T]JVKRRM=0M)+2]MXKBWE&UXI4#*P]#P:E7486WC_F/[4[[2






D
MZ?K-FUGJ=E;WELQR8IXPZY]<'O[T;2YHC6JY9'2_'7P!'9M








]5T^ZUC


5QY\@V[?N_*&VG'N*JZYXRZ+_(EIN$H]6=#7


IZQDNZ:-'687N/#^H01C
DEK(BCU)4@5\[_  0\?^'O!UEJ]EK]


!RRE W!]\5ZS'#'# D$:!8D4(J]@
M 
8KD-3^%/@;5Y_/N_#EJ)
DDP



X/IE5*G\Z]'F@BN8'AGB26)QM='4
K#T(/6N./PC\!'4/MI\-VO

9


M/C&XLQ9R,(IC&6,63DHRCG&22




MRVAD
GE^8[_


METV.SHHHI#BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B

M!TSQ+I

\D^IWT.&C:X 6-&'\2H.^?4G''?FO3:




EF. !0 ZBLBU\5^'+Z\%G9Z_I5Q=$D&\









MUI[0F)9$_B^3
E45\^6_P,\4^++:/4O%?BN2*]D&\0R1M<F//.2ZA3TX7BJL]QXV^!^L




M55('H#WY-2KN/
BGH[









M


MY

M


0 0D83../
_9_\.9'PUO4_$%EX@U#5KV:[NGN8P9)6S@;3P!T ]AQ

M7TW4[RRF:Y*2/:W#QEP$/!*D9&:TG9)?)?\ !


N[)'5CZX&.O

M/2


MIXZ^-]S=7LNJ-H_AU7
:1J6V'_9 CS!U+''/'I2U;LAZ6NSZ.HKYXO?@SX

U;4'N](
 .@'L.*]BKY(^&?A'QIXDLKZ;PMXA_LN&55G3[;-!O8C(.(U(/'K7KOQE


M7U:)+S6O&#-J#J-X:W:?!]-[2 GGVJ'PW=^/_A[\1[?P[?RWVM:7
Z;RJO.H

M

H7H&ZCKVQ7IOA_\ Y%O2_P#KTB_] %?-'QH\-^*=)U)M0UG6OMFF
M7E[


M)9/)'FR&3RW*Y1D8\[6XX]^@.:]9^)/C









':IC1V')22
DCD=#D].V*^F=)U&+5]&LM2@_

FBUD@
66)W(;&


/=3\2V=]HVM3-<7=@JM'/)]]T)P0Q[D''
M/OS32O==4#TUZ#OC_P(]7T+PYIT.E7TMH+R9XYVB.&90O0-U'7MBO3?#_\







MYZC*_P!ME\9LVHY#[S:
3O'0[_




MWW22S.7=SD\DGDT1UOY ]&EWO^!Y-H7_ =1J'^_-_Z)KIOC_P(]7T+PYIT
M.E7TMH+R9XYVB.&90O0-U'7MBN9T+_DZC4/]^;_T37-_&CPWXITG4FU#6=:^







MSZ1HKYYNO@+XD\-VLFH^&/%3RW\:Y\J.-K5G YP&#G)]C@5UWP?^)EYXI-QH

M1&73UN'$
CLK 90'!Y(/3M5F;X



M]LK7
ES J&









M\&C;66@;NT=3Z




&\CC2:_N&\JUB?H6QDL?8#\^!WKR

MR(;F/=L)R4;HRGW!!%5:ZNB=4[


KX'8^_!I[:RT%N[1U/HRO



@!'..E
M#C[\8ONOF.


\8B9\==NS..?[U
O4*J1$2EK%
MS)9Z)?W
 .@'



40^&27?]!2^*+?;]3Z'
MHKY




M)#PJY_G[ UXEI7@[QS\8;9]9U[7GT[2IR?L\&QF1@#U6(
!MS_$3DX[U*NV[





0EK=


MH+C4]=DT_1[*-+:(

M6

MF:265BS

_@?K
M.GRPZT][I


M2OA[_P +#TRRLO[4_L_[-


/6O5?CYK&K:'X8T9]-U.\LIFN2DDEK</&7 0\$J
M02
U=2UDWY?\.13O=_

MHS1&X96E6!@NY6$A'W2.#ZCI7N]4UHFNHNK3BBBD 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !7S
MW\$?^2K^+/\ =F_]'BOH2OGOX(_\E7\6?[LW_H\40_B?)BJ?!\T
_:*C$WBC


VI:I=1P0QJ2 S 
Y'\*CN





[G'4AMO\ )17I
MA 8$$9!X(KPGX#^
[/3[*Y\'ZO




M%QC^YSC/MNVU/\#O[!_X5]9_V9]G^W_-]NQCS?
W'[W?&

M\SB;_P(7Q6\2V5]#I_A-;R

5PW[-)']
MG^(5R

M9\-H1XW^-6O^+)?WMK9




MCG=G/6E%73?9E2TLN^IXQXI\:_%#Q/X4U07/AM--T3RR9Y&MFC/EYZ;I6^;T

&\E
@

M3ZE

OB528K\H5FW1N3Z=5




HJ]#[OS/I.OGOQ5_R=#H_^






M?9GG;M(SCTS5C]I/GPQHO_7XW_H!JJWV?D11Z_
]0\%6Z6G@;08$^ZEA#_Z

MNH[?4;(LL*2L%\Z

D8]!4Q7O30G\$&89^*?Q?(P? 7_E'N_\ XNH_

4A5+#MEL#/2O;?$7B72OVE2ZC
MJMW'!%&I*J6&Z0]E4=237&_SXDZI\0'OS=:-%:VUJ /M





_P#

M_P#0JUOA!_R2K0?^N+?^AM13VGZH4]X?


M_P#1XJ/X=XU7]HOQ!=W6&E@:Z://8AQ&/_'3BI/@C_R5?Q9_NS?^CQ575)_^

MG\:67BSQI90:7


M &:?^0;XA_Z[0_R:O;[^T34-.N;*7_5W$31-]&!!_G6E=-QLNWZ$46E*[[_J

M

C
M/(SZ8JSH_P 9)_$7Q*_X1W1=*BO=

(54$ 
1T)






MN_VDM9/E9I;/)'?YL?RKZ+KYT^(?_)R&@?]=+/_ -#IP_BP]?T7\.7H;/[




M;+X9:!' @57M%E;W9OF)_
UUQ&1@UY%\#_'NGZIX5M?#UW=1Q:I8@QQQR
%

]Z[[Q9XPTCP=H\M_J=RB
JGRH P\R9NRJ.I^O05K6:YF^AE

JU\
MM*O-4\2Z[XQNXBJ3%XT;LTCOO?'TP/SJ+]HR&2VU_P -ZEY9
2HZENV596Q^


M3GZ^QJ*B=TO


MYL+:PY#


M2I8CUXJ):Q;[6+CI))];G?\ PNLX;+X9:!' @57M%E;W9OF)_
UUQ&1@UY%\
M#_'NGZIX5M?#UW=1Q:I8@QQQR
%

]Z[[Q9XPTCP=H\M_J=R
MB


MKK_[:U]#U\\#_D[$_P#77_VUIT_XL?G^0I?PY?+\R+]HBZN'\9^'[6*+SO+M
M_
CAP6WNTF



ME&W\NE/_ &C?^1E\.?\ 7%__ $-:L_ +2KS5/$NN^






M '4G!KNO^%I_%_\ Z$+_ 


M=^(/BOHWB74?5_8SZ@69X--GCC!@S%L_P]3GH*]4^
?PYOO&NGV=]H[C

M\A&



MEC8O=Q)JUGL





M_P#H!K2JGJMNUWH][;J
M+;R(!ZDJ16=3X'Z
N'Q+U/%/V:?^0;XA_Z[0_R:



MA7MR_='TKQ/]I/\ Y%C1?^OQO_0#6=3IZHNGM\OT.D\5W3V?[/\ ++&2&.D0




D=



#X ?\ )
(_



MR!&%]B.







MTKT'Q=\7)_/QM=!O\ 2HXM+D






/^$\UC2K_P#MC[#]@!&S


I[&O(G_9IL#?[X_$MRMEG_4M:J9








M?[8\G[(8C]D^S;M^PD_?WC&
/^$\UC2K_P#MC[#]



M0AGF$R?Z-Y10XP?XVSG ].E=M1579-CE_&?@'0O'5BD&K0
)HL^3=0G;)'GT





]B78EU;D!
M]O7:000P_P @UT6@Z/!H&@V.DVQ+0VD*Q*S=6P.I^O6M&M*EI2;(IWC%(\.T


M4=@EMD


M!O#GAZ]AOK^XGU:ZAPRB90D(8?Q;!G/T)(KU-T5XV1E!5A@@]Q3J*INZLR4K
M:GA^K?LW:;=:B\^EZ_/8V[



M0V=O]ELH+?=N\J-4W8QG QFN$^)7PP_X6'-IDG]L?V?]B$@Q]F\W?NV_[:XQ
S7]K)-I5[+EG:W :


[75@
;U(Z&M


M1EC26*:$@/&XXR
@CH2
5Q_P /O@T/ ?B9M877VO086A\G[)Y?#$'D[SGI


_3BNQ\0^'=
\4


M;G$_#;P#-\/M*O-/;5QJ$



M7&-R_P![KFN@\/Z5_87AW3M)\[S_ +';)!YNS;OVJ!G&3CITR:TJ*%HFNX/6



7
M#22?1:DR^%KJ]#U'4+/[=I5U9;_+\^%HM^

=3\0?VS]K^



XR


M/I[$$5TM%-^]N):;'@TW[
]LUT6@\4S);Y&(WL@SX[_
' _2O0O!'PL\.^!I


\8ED(5PVW *@#CH





M:)_PDGAC4=&^T?9_MD)B\[9OV9[XR
_G65\/?!7_  @?AMM'_M#[=F=IO-\G


1^R?


.M=E12:N-.QYW


M7=O\ML_?WC&?IQ7HM%):-26Z&]4UW$=%D1D=0RL
%2
@BO(O$O[/GAS5[F6Z
MTF\GTB60Y


6&BO/]K6UMU@
CICS
M !C[O./IS7FOB7]GOP]J]U+=:3?3Z1)(=QB6
2P@YYPI((^F[ ]*]@HHE[SY






/.\OR]VYBWW

MV9[47FZ3Q1




%2
@BO(O$O[/GAS5[F6ZTF\G
MTB60Y





EMD?NWL@SX[_ #!P/_':]YHJ




MG[^\8SGTKT*BBDM%8?6YY[\0OAA_PGFL:5?_ -L?8?L (V?9O-WY8'KO7'3W

MMN7CZ@GWKM?B!\-SX[T'3-







MZ-DMZ$C&*=\0?B7_ 


M


/$D6D?V']D\R-W\W[7YF-


MNX\B[B:






MI%%%% PKYS\7?%SQ/%XLU*'1M5$&GPS&*)!;Q/PO!.64DY()Z]Z]L\;Z\OAO

GGTKV
?ZC
M\4/&4'C6ZT^/6-MJFH-L?V:$X02$ 9V9Z5]&UY#=_'+[+XCGTC_ (1W=Y5V




M4_LSQ#9ZMY/F?9[E;CRMV-VUMV
XX^N*^F?A[X__ .$[AOY/[


&=PJKD@Y!P







)K6==R./Y'T(Z8IVTN*^MBY1112&%%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110

*UO-O3SH=WTWC^N*\T^ VW_A.;O/WO

!_M _\
17,_M _\
MAO1O^O=__0A2J*SC_7<(.]_Z[#/A)\.-(\2Z3=:OKD#W$7FF&$2
@X )8E2









M^U_78*OV?Z[GGGQ:U275/B+J*NQ
=J5MHAGH%'/_ (\37T)X*\+V7A?PS:6=



[0





MJAW
#/#/A?4[S^S4DDA




 !P
@$?C7
MFWP:A\.1:O>ZIKU[8026RJMJMY.B LV
M([X[*0RY_
BO


M(B:UOA_X0\$Z9KCZCX:\03:A=1Q



M+JWNK.601+)%D


M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444



M 
J'_P!KI-7&G8X9= ^)/AW_ $.UM/$-LG798M(R=?6

/$=Z)M0
M@DL8I/FDN;YOG/\ P'.XGZX^M==_PT-_U*__ )4/_M='_#0W_4K_ /E0_P#M
M=-=V)^1ZQX:\.6/A70X-*T]3Y4?+.WWI&/5C[FO*OCCH6KZMJ^DOINE7UZB0

M
.2,5Z[\1?#$_BSP=<Z=:%1=*RS0AC@,R]
ML]L@D5YW_P -#?\ 4K_^5#_[71_PT-_U*_\ Y4/_ +71+WE8(^ZVSC-TOXD






MI?@06^H6=Q:3_:I&\NXB:-L'&#@@&N/_ .&AO^I7_P#*A_\ :Z/^&AO^I7_\

M7EW_  T-_P!2O_Y4/_M='_#0W_4K_P#E0_\ M=*2NK#3L[G.?#'P+K$GCJQN



M X'KS@UW7P-TC4](TO5TU+3KNR:2:
HMS T98!3TW 9K(_X:&_ZE?_RH?_:Z


MD[G*@\YP



MJ(WK)R.3\4_#KQ3X?\3S7FF:==74'VDS6MQ9QF0KSN7*C)!'N
5ZS\+[WQI?

MF7%L\:Y.
#) &:Z/XX^&-0U=-)O]




 <8(Q7C
M.I?#/QIX

_O-OHR=2?8 @UT7_#0W_4K_ /E0_P#M='_#
M0W_4K_\ E0_^UT/XN9: MK



P' _^O7F__#0W_4K_ /E0_P#M=;GA#XR_\)7X
MIL]$_L'[+]IW_OOMF_;M1G^[L&?NXZ]ZI.RLB6KN[/4Z***0PHHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
6?\*#\+?\ /_K/_?Z+_P-T?\ @_W_/_
















@$\UPOPM\=Z

CH


MEM;6Y66:^NR!#!&
9!.-Q;H!GZGVKJ:2U5Q];!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4



GV]E+'=J3(;A'8CY@.

/6CJEW#HWV/2


9)VN2?QHCJKH
M'H[

MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHKEO%OCS2_
MMK:W*RS7UV0(8(QC()QN+= 
_4^U'6P=+G4T444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%

\2M(Z.91N&3@[L?I0M6EW!Z

AC9W1Y-[#[P5$P3CUS^%==

M/CS2_$OB2^TC3%ED%G'NDN&&U6;=MPH/)^O'XU%\1_%-]X0\+?VII\5O+/YZ



**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHK@_BAXVU+P


M

/6O2!R :%JK@]'86BBB@ HHHH ***Y;5O'FEZ7XJL/#866?4KJ1%*J
+$K

TU;O4C(S2DK##$N6D8#IZ#

M74T=+AUL%%%% !1110 445RV@^/-+\2^)+[2-


M

M9DIIJZBBBD,**** BJFJ73V.D7MW$%


MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH *^=W5OBC\97M[B1FTRU=@$!X$



(T4]P

MV6\8GO(%GN'*Y+EQG!/H 0




M(WHH[FO+;K]H.



MH6MWD-G?6LVF7$IJSL)(MQ. -PP1VY( KN;:+1?#&FI:QM9Z?:PIG#.L8C
7ZDMWA%^?Z'M-%%%(HRO$'B/2_#&F-?ZM<B$'
2/;L/6NQMHM%\,::EK&UGI]KF<
ZQ@*/XB3^I-);78W

QJP4]&?EF^H7&/_KU.K44MV5HG.^R;

MPR##Q':./Z]#7N>E:+INB:;'I^GVD4%LB[=BK][W;U)[DUX3\;/!UEHE_::
MSIT*P0WK,DT2#B0

GR::=.:RMS9%-A


M^)/@C4/&^GVEM9ZG':I;LTABDC)61L84D@\8Y['K1+9./4(KWFI=#EM2_:
MTR8KINBW-V@8C?-
(01Z@ 

M-=WH&BZ1X.T.VL(?L]N$025B%,K8^9B3UKR[XS:CX0U71(IK^T^YUA)EVO



M8GP7T+2+SP5%?76E6,]XEXY2XEMT:1<8(PQ&
M1CM1W-+MI]U] GM'Y_?8]













;6/I6IJ5G;6^EZM-#;Q1
MRSP.TKHH!D(0@$^IQ7E/[/G_ !Y:[_UTA_DU4M9-=E^HI723\SO?&/Q#T3P6




'00$ 1JA

YK@_CI_R-/A[_KF?_0Q5:.45W:N3JHR?:Y[+K6KV^A:)=:K=)*\%

.M

0#QD[A].?6IC=N2[6&




NG9M-L&:
M
H1\D?WA_P)N,^GTKW2#3;&VL%L(;..T5=H@6
;

=S#CBNCJGJ&E:=JT2Q:E86MY&C;E2YA60*?4!@<

1*P! =AN^;!Z#/UKJ?!/C*W\;:.]_;V5Q


B2UEOIO)!A7;AGR7;CN0#SZFJG[EQ1]ZQ5\3_ !HT#0+J6SLX

M!5AI_AJWUVZMHY=1O



W)XZ4+XN7N#^%R['=ZQ\?=+M+QH=+TB:_B4D&:2;R0WNHVL2/KBNP\%?$/
M2/&R2I:+);WL(W26TV,[?[RD<$?YQ70V.D:?INFKI]G9PPVBKM\I4&TCW]?Q
MKPW0[2+0/VB7L-/40VK2NOEJ,*%:+?M ] ?Y4X_%RBE?EYCW^BBBD,\3^-7C
M33;BSN?B070OX)XI&D*+Y1&W/!W9_B':M#X6_$;2)=/T3PDMM??;Q&T?F%$



M *

M:+K]_%87UI+IEQ

UJU@2&XG=HI

CU#3+E+BVDZ
O4'N.H/
ML:T*\^%^H1^'OBEJ'AZSO4NM+NVD6%XY Z
5!9&!'!.W(.*]]INUE)=1:W:


XR:Z;X5?\DTT7_KF_

5S




MQ_[-7*_%/3_[5^
=GI_.+D6T1QZ



#T]WJ9WA'XM:#
MXJNTL2LMA?OC9%.05D/HK#J?8@9KN;F=;6UFN'!*1(78+UP!GBO#OB];^$[N
MPAUS0=3THZK'
HE6SNHR\BG^+:IY(..?2O2/#NMOXA^%\6I3'=-)8R+*?5U!

UJ\O=1B6XAT]
M4:*&3E/





]3?&OQ!+I?@N.SMIKZE)Y;
IY\L#+?GP/H34?PZ3P/X6\/6DC:WHG]J3Q



G)7O\ UTF_]%5:^.FKW5S?

']*2NX1MN_\Q_:DGLO\B]J_Q]TFUN#'I6DW%^BM


3!!YUQM&^5NY)ZXST':N2^+G@G3]5\

J* 9

C#UY






9'49'XUSG@#X?V?@;3II;U


M+/N=IJ/Q$


?Q

:9^4+Z9')^OM6U\1


8IU%RQ:80?-)-''?L^_\@C6_P#K

C*.D)/M?\ 
Z7XO^---TW1KWPS-!=-











?LT&




9QG'O7EG[



W/AZZUEOM=O!!*(1%







&7 P6*\$Y]\TKI/N@LVNQ]!7
K:O8:'ILNH:E<I;VL0RSM_(#J2?05Y3J/[0.
MGPW!33MN+J($CS)IQ#GW M^N*SOB[<7'B/X@Z-X3@D*Q INQTWR'&XCOA?
MYFO8=#\/Z9X<TZ.QTRTC@B4 $JOS.?5CU)^M2KM<PWH^4Y7PA\6-\67B6&R

5[HOW1]*\+^.G_(T^'O^N9_]
J:5<VLV/




MTZ&ZBBBE




MZ]/\




M^




F-%.T!?3D$_EZ56^/6D6C^'


L*RZE?@R-/(


MAFTV[F(5!
0T;
J$GS*^S.



_: TZXN


MG:+/RLUZ%8CW&PX_.MS_ (5.]Y\19?$6LW\.H6;R-+]G:






8
MWD 9)8'Z\5[O7D_P7T+2+SP5%?76E6

M^ C*&VG]:L*Y.W^(6DS^-I/;6][#J


M[==R6L #.1ZG) 4?7\
UP4/[0EJUUMG\.S);Y/[Q+H
^.WRE0/UKGOA\=!\1
M^+-4\2^





MB RP '3/ ^A-.?N73W%#WK
M)&UO1/[4GB$EQ


M\6A32/\ 8+

MNA&W_?(5A^M=QX.^)&A^


_S


MX9H+H'[/%$
R2



M



MYZ=






3PAXXTCQI9/-ISNDT6/.MY@ Z9Z'@X(/



M(['X?_$;2/$OV;0[.VOH[JVLU+O

::U_JMTL
M$(.U1C+.WHHZDU2\*Z%I%AI&GWEGI5C;74EG&'FAMT1VRH)RP&3D\UX_XON[
M+Q?\9$TO6-0BM-&T\^4S33-?E&YQDG +-\OXM*FL^7KK^I%.RAS=+(VKK]




MM]):2B-)'#I(=IX#X'/L0*H_L^_\@C6_^N\?_H)KL?B-X-L?%'AJ[D-N@U&W

@C6_\ KO'_ .@FB'Q2]/U%/:/K^A[)1110
M
**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH 1E#H589!&#7SY\-'_X1+XNW
M^B79
8F\RU3=W(8
(_#ZG^U+<#S(D.&E_=93

M[_@*DUOX\P3VQM_#FDW37DOR))=!1M8]

Z/7OBE_9'C^#P

$' (/;K6)^T#_P @#2/^OIO_ $&D^%OP]U*'56\6


5#








1W



MB-




V
M:Y_QE%X[\9:7/XBU?3FLM*L5W16[*4P00I^8GH2QP,=*)[:;CY[GL/PK_
M .29Z-_US?\ ]#:O//@G_P CSXB_ZYM_Z

M_(@UY-8ZQJOPF\=:K+=Z.\\-RTB('8QB1=VY65\$'MV[]JN3M6;?9_H1%-TD


'^=:5.ENR(I];]SBO$'PU\(
M^


O*^7<VK#]G[340
M?VCKEU




?7]#T+Q/X5\

1X.?]]?\ XFH_&?A3Q'X/

6SW

MM2_'3_D:?#W_ %S/_H8J_P /?B#7?&S^-_$]N;5LEX8778S-MVCY3RJ@=
M\GBJ'QT_Y&GP]_US/_H8JU?FIWWNB7:T[;6/3/B-_P DXUS_ *]#_2N;^!7_


,/ZNVH0;3-%$/G)7HZC^+C@CN/QK*@^.NL(JV%QX


S 'J-VU0F1W/YBB4N9WB$5R


NBN5/


M]H'_ ) &D?\ 7TW_ *#6MX@@DN/V?U2
98:5;N?HH0G] :R?V@?^0!I'_7TW









(_]R7_T<*/C7_R/?AW_ *YK_PC:/@[_P E
\1_[DO_









_\ 72;_ -%5%\7Q





N((EW
K?Q';_$K=

@M#Y$;X[-EF_DPI8_C?KM^

M.


@__ %S?O?%?BOXJ63Z;IFDG2M(92UW=
M%S(HYQNPH/(^Z.3],TZCYTVNOX@N5I
T/V??\ D$ZW_P!=X_\ T$UF^
O^

M)7
+8'0;]K*X Z$?G2B[1Y7W')7?
NQZSX^NH[/P#KDLK *;.1!D]2PV@?F1
M7$_ .W=/6HSL%EO

YZNQY9OQ-.*LI-]12=[)=-3QOX0?\E5U[

M_(\^(O\ KFW_ *
KK/CC_P D]/\ U]Q?UKS2QUC5?A-XZU66[T=YX;EI$0.Q
MC$B[MRLKX(/;MW[5W'Q0U;^WO@Y8ZKY!@^U30R^43G9D'C.!GZXJ9:THM=+?
Y
MK?\ @_W_/_ *S_ -_HO_C=0/\ !'P7#=);R:SJ27##<L374(9AG&0/+SC/
M%9_'G4[=!:7GA8?V@
*P\]D^8_[!0G\
U5T#PCXF^(GC!/$7BFVDM+&)E81

TZCI12&CEOB/_ 
DZ





H/&6@V\ES@QNZQ(7:.1
 $J.2I 'ZU&G+3OM9&FO-4MO=
MV)[#X 0





AD&X#D)'D!
M0


7'7GI5N]\=^-OB%9G3?#GAZ2Q





G&:9_UTM__
*M=3PSX8O]79!(;:/
M*(3@,Q.%'YD5X=H'A+Q+\6UGUC5]=:T64I&&0R#<!R$CR H&<9S^==_IVM?

I=%D





&Y64D-L 'W=ORY^IJ8*

M6=22X8;EB:ZA#



U6


MF?\ T


8D7=N5E?!![=N_:O0_&G


M^ ^A7VZ;1M0N+ MRJ/\ OHA]
D-^)8UPNJZ'XT^$DT%]:ZF&L'EV@PR$Q.W7






8-
CE&Z+(&P!_WUS_ 
!KZ0(R

MB.32M6T5[O3(V)C8DA%R?X)0






5





O^2U^(O\ MZ_]'O=Z\(^&7_)
M:_$7_;U_Z.%.'\3Y,4O@^:-/]H)3_9&BMC@3R#/_  $5Z=X7.?6CD?\^4/_


M5K?M _\ ( TC_KZ;_P!!K)T7_DY*]_ZZ3?\ HJM;]H'_ ) &D?\ 7TW_ *#4
*Z\%:9;SH'BET^)'4]#& 17C9TOQ;\(?$%S<Z59R:GH=

[623! .
\$?A70R_%?

9'@BSLM.^/
MEIR!+2




RM RJ



MOX=Z(\3 A+81MCLR_*1^8K4U/P]8:GX9ET2/99O (%_P   ^4CW& ?PKQ+
M3]3\8?!VZN;*[TUM0T5GWJ_(C/.-RN =A/&0?_KD4M9)]=0:;46NA[QJEQ':



.K2!


MY_G7T#573]

)[BV1E=H22IRQ/!(



M6.XUTM4U9V)B[JX4444AA1110 45F^(?^1;U3_KTE_\ 0#7EO[/O_((UO_KO


M*6Z9
8'-*]XN2Z?Y!M)1[_YV-FBO/?A;X$U3P1;ZE'J4]G*;IXV3[
[-C:#G











M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH

M$M7O(B1+#9RNA'8A3BO
/V?]/A&FZOJ9&;AYE@W'LH&[]2?T%)+FD[[)#;M&

?9I)KADD/E(^Y0N<?
#7+AOB/\2%?6-'



M3\90F+4MVR*=EEF[*V.#GLPZ_CFLK_AH;_J5_\ RH?_ &NN#\9^/!XL\1:?
MK-OIG]G75JJKD3^9O*MN4_=7&.:J/Q)=&2UH^Y]!^//&4'@KP^U\Z:ZE;R[
M:$G =\=3[#J?_KUY9IVF?%7QW:KJZZX^G6TA+0J;A[964_W5C!)'H6I?C)(V

200I#$H6.-0JJ.@ X I16CD^]ON&WJDNU_

#R8SD


M!9/Y4:BW0
VX\*

GR?$[XE


M9W\/EVU\C;]K@@X+$ G@?Q#/?UKNO@?_ 



CN3P/UK)_X
M0CXMLO\ :!\3D7'W_LW]H2=?3;M\O\






8V
Y)_NCJ3_C7EUA:
M_%7X@6PU2+5_[+LY#NA G:V5A_LB


H./SS^=$



\X/9.QQ/PL\
M;W'C+0)OM^S^T+-PDK(,12/E;'8G!!QZ5S/CCXCZOX3^)26OVEGTB.W61[1



M'_?39JU\




?^2;:'






MR
B?

BA)




?^2;Z'

FG\'
MCJ$\&_%S6(UO[CQ*UG*XS]G:^DB([\K&NP5:\/?$+Q)X7\3)X=\=H629@L5V

?^%A
M?9K'^Q/^1=^VC[1_Q[]-P\S[WS]/3\*]:^)__)-M;_ZX#_T(5B? _P#Y)XO_


NK_P QQC[\H]$9
M-KJ/Q+^)K376E70T?2@Q6-EE
*\'H'4%V/J1Q]*2\D^*'PW1-0OM0&KZ:K?O
MMTS3J



MJV6523*O&W6-QU4_YZ8K9KQ3]GR[E:#7+
G
2-%*H]0P/\ Z/RKVNJDK/0

MB1B

M56NK/K5[]J:!XQ&?*1-H(;/W0
]!UKJHW
GPR5SC+:.#Q_UQKSO]GS_CRUW_
M *Z0_P FJ[6J3CV7ZDWO3B^[_0]I/2O)_A=XRU_Q'XKUJRU6_P#M%O;(3$GD

M


M$@T__A*?^0A@?9/]3]W=Q_J^.OK7H'[/G_'EKO\ UTA_DU4OC7_R/?AW_KFO

+K9-3DUY]-CD^:*)KE[?*G

.!N'Y=_:H]9\

X\9:!-]OV?VA9N$E9!@2*1\K8[$X(./
M2N9\<?$?5_?Q*2U^TL^D1VZR/:+$F78JV!N*[ADX[UG_L^?\?.O_P[!_-Z
MI_$T2^^.VE6L@!21[56!Z$;N15R5ZD4NO\ D2G:
K]#2DT3XL^+X%U0ZNFD


M%OQ+-3DUI-,W@O'9173P,H/0808_P^FS5KX8^/-=F\33^$_$[M)=('$4DH
M'F*Z]4)'WN
D'VZFO8:\'0!?VF2  /WQ/'_7O3A\:CT=Q2^%OJCL/C!XIUGP

D
EPV(1E3&2QQ
M)\OWL=*YG]H'_D :1_U]-_Z#7I7AC_D4M'_Z\8?_ $ 5*UA+U_0;=IKT/FOP
M3_PF_P#;NH_\(I_R$-I^U_ZGINY_UG'WO2N^^)'_  L+_A&(/-_Y!?\ 9L7]



X.

M-3FUUM

PU]ILV MP
.0!U97P
MV.X;G^K_P#AH;_J5_\ RH?_ &NN8\=?%6+QMH*Z:^@U=)EECG^U^9M(R#Q

AM

M'/!':N*_X:&_ZE?_ 







8?#GBZ62Y@D=8MTQ#
@8






-[- R0RARFQB.#N'(_N$\.?



M
HO!EDD6K^)X+

/A+XM^

M\Q60_


M
GA727.









G@N]2U'^U-.:3#EYFG0D_PE

C7Y


L&X]E




H&1^!/YU
M35ZK72S_ $)B_P!TGUT_4OWO@[XNSH=2?Q)FX4;_ ++!?/&21SC:%$?ZXK7^
,R2-[#T
M]ZMUYA\=;V2V\PV\;$+<WB(^.Z@
V/S J).RT+BKO4Y5/%'Q ^)NHW
7AM_
M[+TR


M#U*UZ7\
-.AT[X=Z0L*@&:'SY#W9GY/]!^%=;(B2QM'(H9&!5E(R#VJY1Y7
M:.Y$7S:LY;P#XWMO&VB&Y2,07D!7




Z




MOBUJT2WUQXH-I+(H/D&_EB*^Q6-=H-;GQE\'ZKKD-AK&CQR3W%@&#P1C+E20

L\D9V221
8I!CU0@C/Y5G&VM]_T-97TML6?
M#WC_ 



MBJ

TZ$G^$LP#K[=J]

MN!527*[1Z$Q?




MM$+^?Q*]I*PS]G:^DB(_X#&NP?YS53PE&NO_ !^U*ZN_G-M-/)&&]4.Q?R&/
MRKWVIBO=4GNRY/WG'HCQ+P]\2?$?ACQ*OA[QTA978*MRR@-'GHV5X=/?J/7C

U'8//BN3&[E
M64G'YJ*V+S1[OQU\%K&VBE!OI+2&5YP'=

M\4_B%9C5H-:73+*1B856=[=6 X^41@L1_O57O];^)'PQN[5M7OAJ=A(V 9)#
M
DG.2N]@'5L=

MI7Q?\&^(6A@U2$V4JNGVV(/&&P1D,,XZD9('6JZ^X3_ (SLVUI;[P9)K5@Q
M3S;%KB$D E3L)&0?0UQ7P=\6ZYXJM=6?6KW[4T#QB,^4B;00V?N@9Z#K7=ZZ
MR-X6U)HRIC-E*5*]-AQBO*OV?/^/+7?^ND/\FHCK.7I^H2TA'U_0]I/2O)_
MA=XRU_Q'XKUJRU6_^T6]LA


EC(OF74*Q(QE4.
@%@2.
C@BL+^S
M_BKXM@_X26TU/^SX7S+:V7+1$I_-H&UL_[9YJ'X]1^;XCT&/.-\++^;BO=







Z2=G,:22 2.0#.TD<


M:26
'[UFN@-J8[Y/3K^M#;E34O7\!))3:Z'C.F-\4OB/;/J-IJZ:98
^(RDK

@'.
C\^E=0WQ

+.H(&
M-W&

GPZ/I%Y]GFMU9K[421#N)
M8[0B_+QC[HR<&O5/B/_ 

M]^)FI7
/A8G2])B.TS;O+(STW2 %MW?=,_C78?&R]DM/AY+'&2/M-S'Q'I

G7M0FI-WZ#:<4K=35
MO-*^+'@BV;5/[:.J6\?SS(+A[D!1URL@!QZ[:]-\!^-;;QMH?VR./R;J$A+F

M5NSMPXVC/? 8BJC=MI]B962NCZ#HHHI#BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH

/0





M-@)@XR?Q[XKC!\)_B!;+]CL_&KIXPJH+V=!M_W /PS76^!_A+IWA.\&I7=



MXY^(;6U\



DGM7G_C[


YYKT

M)GHO_7-__0VKSKX._P#)3/$?^Y+_ .CA7J_@K0[GPYX0T_2+QX7N+9&5VA)*

@89!4#I[UHW^];Z6?Z



MSQO3)8?45
7:ZZ/4IZV?8ZSXM^(;71? U[:O*OVN_0V\
6?F(/WCCT SS]*I

]


M;#+MW '&"/0@US?P^\^

#'^U^8U[J3+M-Q(H4(#U+SCZY)KN::TCR_

J*69@J






MV[ER\T+


MN8D62


M[75M+W0-7L^MK'8_%CQ+::'X)O;5YE^V7\1@AB!^8AN&;'H!GGUQ5'X(Z3+I
MW@0W
RE3?7#3(,?( %!_'!/XUD:-\$Y9]134?%VM2:E*,%HD9F#GT:1OF(_
M ?6O78HHX(4AA18XHUHBC 4#H *%HGW8F[V71'AGP=_Y*9XC_W)?_1PKW5O






M6!W+#
@89!4#I[UZ50O@BO)!]J3\SPG1?^3DKW_KI-_Z*K6_:!_Y &D?]?3?

MI$]O
9'-R[*N.-JFI:_=P7;_


MI

MQ)'D8.TJV
_A7H/QQ_Y)




MOHL$K
([76/!-I8B9/MNGKY,L6?F@_*V/0C'X@UW[*KJ5









QU*)PLIR)



M$MKXD\'V





1W :3&W\C3DW)W6A$4HZ;GHG@?QO!XWT^XN[?3[FU6!Q&QE(*L

G\:\:^


G//7\A7

M_P!=(?Y-5+XV$#QUX=). (UR3_UTKM/A;X$U3P1;ZE'J4]G*;IXV3[
[-C:#
MG.Y1ZU-\2?AU_P )Q!:S6UXMK?6H8(9%)1U/8XY'(Z\]^*N;]Z
ETL3%7C*+



M=KJVE[H&KV?6UCL?BQXEM-#\$WMJ\R_;+^(P0Q _
0W#-CT SSZXJC\$=)ET

\1_[DO_HX5[JW


MCNTH+=W8C#$\[E'K7HTR&21!C+*0

O&_
\0_9\_X^=?
M_P!V'^;U'XR_Y.#T;_?M?YUU_P +?A_JO@B;5'U*XLI1=B



M

!\7?:++^S]^[R]





















&_'B)[77?#^I!25LO






]/^6I:C?QWGB[Q]X5/S1Q.\C./3S'P0/PKV&SL[?3[.&TM(4A



?W:CVM^!?\ CSI$MYX7L=2B



M&\'C?3[B[M]/N;58'$;&4@JS$9(4CKCZ#J*\[A^_B+6+F.3Q5XI:XCC/ 26
M2X8CN TF-OY&O7M%T:P\/Z5#INFP&VA& !U)[DGN3ZTUUN)]+%^BBBD
\V^

VME9V4
8)S%$L:J.I/ &*\S\6_!



M^Z216SN^52.1@8XZ5Z]=6L%]:2VMU$DL$R%)(W&0P/4&DU^[45T8T_WCD^J.


MN8Y%@C#[Q(4.5(R!C+#'X5@_ ?7[9]&O- ED5+N&8S1QMP70@9QZX(Y^HKUN






'_6G:3=O$\]





\-S@DCMZUN:OX*\-:]O;4=&M)I'&#*$V2'_@:X;]:YSQY

WC


T*XDEM$F:-OFW?(8\LI/?!_EZU]%5


AOR#$_A7H5-=%D1D=0R

]*HHHI%!7DWQY

5DQV1P!G\PH_&O6:AN[2WO[.:TNHDFMYD*21N
AE/4&ID

MM=^AMX8L_


MK=9WEE2-K+GD9)/?MQ79_&O2KJ^\Z7J31DRV;J9^.5#J 3_P!] 5;\+?!V

IZ@T

M[PU-J)\MKHD);0O_ 



M 33^@474\/!Z_(H(_6IB[147T+EK)R[A\=/$-O?/I_AJR?S[I)O.F2/DJQ&U
2<G@9!'XBLSP7\(M.\



3[OOQ2:4MM!I\N^IO_
M  X^UWOP;$4Y=F:&XBASU*?, !_(5RW[/U[ DFM6#R*MP_ERHA/+*-P./ID?
MG7M5E96^GV4-G:1+%;PH$CC7HJCH*\G\2_!:676)-7\+:J-/N'<R&0LBHQ/



M^ \QN/%FMS$8


):QLNZ..^.


M31+;4[&57CE0%E!Y1NZGT(-3:OI%CKNESZ=J

&*A=H/_?1-:WB7X=:OK/Q.T_Q+;W-B

-OBF3[T3^H]?I4V_=I=F


M6SLV
J 0=RCT'ZUG?$3X77'BS58=9TG4$M-0C14*R[@K;3E6#+DJ1GT/;I3D

;G



O

M;:69KAI=UNS

M*2?PJI\&O$MKJO@V#2S
HOM/S&\1/S%



_AS5_

MKA'



MN?BMX(M9C%)KT3
.\4


MS
$_!W_DIGB/_<E_]'O=J%\
M

M2KDK






$CD D=O6N(^.!#?#O(((-W$01^-6
MO &MZ9H7PJT6YU2_@M(BC@-

MKW0MK/78#

M*Y1OBKX(6[^S'7X?




M
.\4




ML/6O&/AWP\S)JNKVMO*HW&(MNDQ_N+EOTK

MUH6NP/0Z^N3U/XA:3I7C&U\

)(B(8QOZ9)8']*ZM'61%=&#*PR&



MMY4FAD4

KJ


YX]:^??B]K.FZEXST&:QU*TNH(47S'@G5U0
M^9DY(.!Q1]I+NP?PM]D?05%4=.UK2M7
@TW4[*]

M3L=)M&NM0O(+6W7K)

]U]G37X0^2








L-IZ;B
T1U;7D$M$GW9
**25?^^E4C]:/(
M#L:*SM*U[2==B:72M1MKQ5X;R9 Q7ZCJ/QK1H **** BL/6O&/AWP\S)JNK
MVMO*HW&(MNDQ_N+EOTK

M71@RL



M-T5LY2R#*NHVD9*L P_*N%_9]_Y!&M_]=X__ $$T1^)I]K_B*3LDUWM^![)1
M110


MCE+:



M1\+^
-


M^


MK1Y =C7-^

M-@RL/4$=:\C_ &@?^0!I'_7TW_H-3)M#BDSUBPO(]1TZVO8598KB)94#C! 8



]U]G37X0^2
M



MM?A5L9S-%)$O_?3J!^M=;%+'/$LL
B21N
JZ
&'J* 'T52DUG2X=233I=2

M#$TLKJD:C+






M:*W^%NDS3R)%%'[.[L%50';))/041U4K]+#EHXI=;G:T52T_6-,U=7;3=1M
M+U8R YMIUDD]


^Q06Q

4TG5H+F0 GRN4DP.^Q@&Q^%;E !165K


M)(V#*P]01P:\/^.G_(T^'O\ KF?_ $



MZ^*?@FSN3!+K\#..\









\&ZI/Y-MKUN'R !
KPY)




M?V8Z_#YFX+D12%


UCJ5I=00HOF/!.KJA\


9&G1 IPVTX(8GK


.93M:.
-*RGW D?C5K1/%WA_Q'QI.JV]
MR^-WE E9 /78V&_2A:[ ]-S:HHHH **** BBL[5]?TG08!-JNH6]HC?=\UP




PATS6;





^7C






MNHVL5[-;@QV[3*LC@L.BYR1P?R-*3Y4.*YF=9IVJ6.K0R3:?=1W



MS2)'&@W


M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%

:.QQ^9'XX/


#:#[DCCIW[5]


MKK_CTF_ZYM_*O$OV?/\ CYU__=A_F].'Q27E^H27NI^9=^)'ASQ9XP\;V6FK
M:SQ: CHB3J0T8)&7D8 \'J!GT]ZZBW^#?@B&V6*32Y)W P99+J4


N@?&76XC]KUC[ '(ZW






M9GPM^'.D1:?HGBU;F^^WF-I/++IY63N7IMST]ZP_B)JNI^./B%#X)TR?R[.*




)+X7ZG
ZZ]_\5OB9+X?@NV@T73F;


M7QORT



M
OAEHNHZ'HWBB:ZOUOEE

X^49YJK\=/^1I\/?\ 7
_^ABN^
M^$7_ 3'2/\ MK_Z-:N!^.G_ -/A[_KF?\ T

]
^(W


MC7/^O0_TKFO@2H7P%

MDZP





#Q/X?7X:?$G1Y]%N)?(F=)41VR5&



:/*4,Q+ +Y3$AE8G )7J._2O<**2=I<P[:6/OCI_R-/A[
M_KF?_0Q7K?BJ;5X/U\^A6[3ZF8MLJ5!!/&[GC@9./:O)/CI_R-/A[_ *YG






S







_^$HT[6-5
MUNRO'MKB*1Y)+J:20JK X!9/KCFJA\2[=29?^Y'\=[F6S\3:!=0-MFAB:1#
MC.&#@BNE\-_#19]


 #?

!7;)



MW''ZCN

_^ABDG^\CZ@U[DO0] ^(O@O3?%6D&\OI[
MJ.33H)I(1 Z@



M7NR
3Z3;26%W!TJ
L[NK%0
M3A@Y/!]L5S5MXL^*7CIFN/#]LMEI^_9NC6-5'/\ ?DY8COM_*GW_ 
.O'VH6





MZ0KPKXZ#_BJO#Q_Z9G_T


4)D92_.[L#GD@X (Z5T?QWW_P#


%O%CI<C!IT4O


EG(


M)Y+7Q+H%Q%CS(HF=









M@?4=3^'?Q&?P?J-QYFGW
H1
GY0S#*.H[9X!'^%;G[0/_( TC_KZ;_T&L7XI

MH)\2?!V'3T4&?^SH98?]]4##\\8_&L3X%:]]N\
7.C2L?.T^7* _\\WR?T;=
M^8KT#PO_ 






M6
?QX/XUX[H=A:?$7XK:JOB6\?;$T@@MQ)MWA6VA%/8




M4;]QNEF:=T 8]=H4CC/KDUSOB(1']HS1Q+C;MBQG^]M;'ZXKVRI@OW:^?YCE

M'B$JX,O;@]'9\;/PY!KB/C]L_X133

MW?3RSC/Z4FW[-^3M]Y22]HO-?D5O 'PY7QK#)XJ\67$]W]KD)CBWE?


(U&X38




9-?+YG:V/P6\&VU@L%





M'L2GS-R[A7AGQ-U34_%WCZU\#:9.8[9619@.C.1N+-ZA5YQZY]J]SKP?PKS^


M;E6
MCT9Y/ESWP


M:S &+B*V9 Q&
XD49QVJU\=/^1I\/?\ 7
_^ABJWE3?H3LJB]3V?5O\ D!7W



MU=CXR^#WAI?#5Y=:+:R65Y;1-
I$SNLFT9*D.3U [8JS\5^ IB!RU](3_W







M
5K^
?A19Z1I[:[X/

5W?@'9_P@&@^7C;]








MMQ:


M$(! P%XXJ8=7;K8N71?



%/$^EZ?8SW<D-XH:1IW
(_P#<E_\ 1PKW;M7A/P=_Y*9X
MC_W)?_1PIQ=ZGR8I_!\T
\?(W@?XP:=XEC4BUNV660+WQ\D@_(@_C7NZ.LD:


WCCXQ:;X;B^:ULB$E]/[
M\A_( ?45U7QA\6W/AW0;72]+D
5[J!*!X^&2


M^%OQ

[7]7BT'0+[59AE+6%I-N?O$=!^)P*\

M(_$UU
]JLFP(C;3(W7:/[J*.GK]:]+^,&__ (5EJFS/6+=]/,6J_P %MG_


ZLCL
G S@XSW!S7
_'8!O%'A]2
@QD$?\#%









=:EGV8WI3;72QVC_!7P8VFFV6SN%GV;1=_:'+@^N
[?\
MQVN

M8/.RK&3SCY23ZY./2L?XR-O'GA

%[C?FPE\5O)'S[


$@'OZ5QGQW_L?_A%[7[7_ 
A3
MSO\ 0]OWL?QY_P!G&/QQ1-J

MVZA



M3U1=/]#T
:M'H7P]BU25=R6NG))M_O$(






MMVL?

N/V?D*9S_9=L#CT


;))?+CAC;&X]=@/\* $=.3G

/ _@[QOKGAT7?A_P 2BPLO

33DELE8A-O5ECX2:_J.D^)

M_OQ3HWCFS\0:MJEE=^6SM,XN)9)7RA7JR#/4=36;\=E#^)_#ZL,@Q,/^!B


LWB&*;4M4G'F7$TEPZX<\D#:1G
$);BT8+?7+BW;KM)!);\ #^.*XSP)\

.KMUL5+HOF:_C?X/:1;:)/
MJGAM)K*\LT



@-W!7/\1[BN:\8C_C(/1O^NEK_ #KTGXG_ /)-M;_Z

'B+0]6BTSQE8

MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B





=K(&)]
L OZUUN





H!20@=/G4AO

M3KHA

5RT#VTC%3CIE5(/YU










MF0Z=IT/DVD (CCW

+XC_ /).M=_Z]6_I7*_


M

[:#$')!PDTJKQ_LAL?I25TN7L-V;YCS


M_KF?_0Q7L^D:18Z#ID.FZ;!Y%I#GRX][-C))/+$GJ3WJAKO@W0/$MU;W.KV'
MVF:V&(F\Z1-HSGHK 'GUK23O44NS3)2M!Q[IE/XC?\DXUS_KT/\ 2N;^!7_(


)H-<N;22WLLB.U4CC8C9/S=<G)]
U]_$1@_PVUME.0;0D?I5_7/!WA_
MQ';6UOJNFQS16Q)A57:/9GJ!L(XX'%7;G1K\T1M&N(#)8-$(3$9&R4 P!NS

&G5]]-+M^
MEA4_=M?O^IXS^SY_QY:[_P!=(?Y-57XEZ5J/@_Q]:^.=-@
MLSJTV
X5P-I#

DH 03CVW9^@-=1KO@W0/$MU;W


MTG5YWL9[0





MP?O2H[Q
W^\4(W?C6S9:58Z?I





]?2NQU_XV


M/$

MG_T
5[K6%KO@W0/$MU;W.KV'VF:V&(F\Z1-HSGHK 'GUI+XHOL[C?PM=T7M8


EO


KMQC&#U&*Y6[^%?@F]G\V70(5;&
0RR
DZ;;6@8 ,8DPS8Z9;J?QK3IJR5
MD)W;NPKSOXT:3=ZIX9K1&D-I<+<2(HR2@!!./;=GZ UZ)01D8/2IDKHJ+L[




MAXAAUZZL/




]:]WZ5BZYX1T#Q*!_:^EP7+@8$A!5P/0.I#8_&DKINW4
M-TD^AYYXQ^*MCK.ER:%X0\[4+^^1HO
6)D6-2/F/S '.
^PZYXJ#]GW_ )!&



)=0%_J^F?:;D((P_P!HE3Y1G PK =S6;_PJ#P)_
MT O_ ;G_P#BZ4;J_F.5G;R
/_A?GA;_ )\-9_[\Q?\ QRNX\*^*+'Q?HPU3
M3XKB* R-'MN%56R
9Z$COZUA_P#H/ G_0_\FY__BZZ70] TSPWIWV#2;;[



=(FT9ST5@#SZT+3D_NV_ 3UY_.YN

M/4$8-8OA[P9X?\*R3R:+IPM7G 61O-=R0.@^8G'7M6]3E9JWK^.XE=._]:'S



M4V\
&LV?VJ.%B\:^:Z8)&


4M;

MZU2ULK:&VMTX6*% BCZ 5/3TLDA:W;85YA\9_!]UX@T6WU33HFEN]/W;HD&6




?0
MUKZ9H^FZ+;?9M
5 F^;F9X%\/?B(/ RS^%_
M%%M<6\<$K;) A)A)Y*LO4J3R
]?2NQU_P-GABRTR5M'N)-0O2I$2%XU4^
MK%P./IFNUUKPOH?B) -6TNWNB%*J[KAU![!A@C\#63I_PQ\&:9/YUOH%N7XQ
MY[/

5RUO);R
P/IE05/YU


M%/4*I&XDC/88S7=ZA\

M=M:DJ%+HGSL/=CR?Q-.7O;BC[NQY5^SY*ODZ]#_&&A;'M\XJKXR_Y.#T;_?M
NK#S-
M3@*F.?SI!MV_=^4-M_2JO[\9=O\ (GE]V45U.8^-G_).)_\ KXB_G6G\*O\
MDFFB_P#7-_\ T-JZ#6]TWQ'IK:?JMM]HM68
8][)R.G*D&I=*TJRT33(=.T

M9F S[#U)[O(/@QI#:MXCUCQ?/(T:5T@4# #.=S8^@('XFB'Q^6_P!VP3^#




&LCP]X2T/PJDZ:
M+9?95G(
@\UWW$9Q]XG'4]*4=)-]U;\0:O%+LSR/XF:/J?@_QW;^.-+B+V[R


DD2_]\HP'Z4E=+EZ%.S=^IYK
MKWQ&U[QIXLLM



SSSX%?\B#+_P!?LG_H*UZ!K'_($O\ _KWD


MA]TH'W0Y&UU/IN'(/KGTKUSP]X2T/PJDZ:+9?95G(
@\UWW$9Q]XG'4]*XW6










MW&&BE0
I_ US$/PN\%6]Y]J30(#)DG#N[IS_ +#
5_#%3&Z7+T*=F^8\-\8:


H!20@=/G4AOUJ5=7MU+=G:_0X'QE\

M&](P.I.


M;MV/-DV9_P!S=MQ[8J5=+E[%.S?

M2
XX8G.2/0FG?'7=:^*M OG0F%8SR.Y5P2/R(KV^SL;73K5+6RMHK:W086*)




MP#QT '44[WFNPK6@[;GK-%%%(9G:_I$6O:!?:5
=J74+1[O[I(X/X'!KPOP/








MD\=_&+3+K1IM*\






UI:+X4T'PZ/^)3I5M:OMVF15RY'H7.6/YT]W=ALK(98W-QX?\'1


1'[NT'*1
M?CU;\?45[=KF@:;XDT_[!JT#3VNX.8Q*\8)'3.T@GZ4[1=#TWP[IRZ?I-HEM



M444R26.&-Y)'5$12S


NHW


M\425]0CIH11:7#K?@&#3)^([K3DB)]


MI$
$_.)69I'7Z
Y)'X5/I'A#0M!U.[U'3;'R+N[SY\GFNV_)W'AF('/I1&R=
M_()7:MYH\R^






L






M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
(O#%SJ&H7-ZVHZK

*VN9FFDMT@&X%B20'+8')
M_NFO2]'TBRT+2K?3=/A$5K NU%ZGW)/<D\YJ]10M%9 ]7=A1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %<SXN\Z+XSMT34





W_

3XYU.UO#K360@B
0C^S^:#SG/WEP?\  5Z#12:3&G8Y
MGP7X(TWP3ITMM8M)--


.P_





E




MZA\9?




 ;1

M0.LRQNEX'\G^SU8&1I



MO:=IG]E?:_MBAO


%SSV &3C
M\:5P/5:*\-G^
7C/1YUFUSPFEO9NV%62WF@8^P=R03CVKUKPQXEL/%FAQ:II


M/J?PIMA\:M7TR_BM?%_AQ[

M%?*WCCQ]_P )=X@T_4O[
^R?8@%\OS_


=+NV8()<G9O]&!Y3



![Y/TKOO%_BR/PM

MF

MOSO


5Z/#:O($9K$+%@)E?WNS

;Y6P


]?+3D#ZG\*
M;8?&K5]

DMO*



;[CN ZLI(




M]


MMN 1_=;/6OI^-_



MJOI?AC2)-6G4E/-R2K
.G2J2OL*
M]BWXP\4VW@[P_)JMS!+. XC2.

:
M$D+\Q '/L*\A^

Y/M^M=Q7RMXX\??\)=X@T_4O[,^R?8@%\OS_,WX;=UVC'Y
M&O</A[\1?^$\DOT_LK[#]D'/VCS=^[=_LKC[M.O'S_ $6DK=/U.YHK@/'


MZT=+AUL=G17B+?%[QIJY
_AWP@9;

M&TVX9EC
J[@J.?[R-RH_$]?QH2OH#=M3URBBB@ HHKRCQ7\95L=7?1_#6F_V



M&WB%T8







OO20#KM.!R/0C\Z:5Q-V/0:***0PHKG?&WBG_A#O#D

]I$QD$ /8E5R




_V1Y_VF] ^T?:=NWS& ^[L.

M(QZ*H[FH;




I&0:\/^#O\ R4SQ'_N2_P#HX417[RS[
M

IKT3X:?
M$S_A*+R'0/[(^S?9;('S_M._=LVK]W8


MM:N0[/:J6F$ #$#.T L3C.!C -=-\//&6M^*3?V^M:)_9]Q9%0[ 
F6;)V[&
MY!P

]B(5)$@ PP0;O
IJ3QI\0U\'ZY

MAZ;54@;:]WY


J2N2W8[BBN/^('CK_A!;SNO[.^W?:9
M3'M\_P K;@9SG:V:YO7?BY<FZ_L[PIHDNKWJQAIG17D2)B,[0$&6QW/'2IN5
M8]4HKQ/3_C;K&FZHEGXM\/BT5B-S11R1/&I[[')+?F*]6UC6FL?#%QK6GVZZ
M@L<'VA(UDV1

M^9Q@$-G Z\]NU=93:MN).X45PGASXC_\)+XVOM M-)Q;6?F;KW[1D$*=N=FW

X.
UQG@#XB1^.'OX6TXV





M -@^
;#PW::3]ONKO9EOM'EB
NV 
;3GCGM2ZI=Q]&^QW=%%% !15#6M:L/#

M?6P[=3VRBO'M%^-DT&I)IWB[1FTV0\-

M-U#*RG(8'H0:?2Y-];#Z*X+P5\2O^$P\0W^E?V3]D^R(S^;]I\S?A@O3:


MO^$%L+.Z_L[[;]IE

MU*TMCB:Y
$LJD]\!

$\


MWU(^+([Q'1XQ;_:;
6^00=V

XS7)?#WQ
M_P#\)W#?R?V9]A^R



M;T;&#]#Z$'BJMI

GE;]F[';.#C\

G'XUA3_



M?8O)MS-YGVKS

U




M3);O%G=T53U75+/1=
GU'4)EAM8%W.Y_D/4GIBO(KCXT:[J]Q+'X3\*RW*1D
M?/)&\S8]TCQM_




M



\'



M
?AZ]LE2V
0EDOFN




M:BSU*)/



M=CLJ***0PHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** /G_QM
M_P G Z9_U\V?\UKZ KY_\;?\G Z9_P!?-G_-:^@*(?PH^K_
)_Q'Z(S?$/\

M_PO27_T UY1^SY_QY:[_P!=(?Y-1#XY/R_4)_ EY_H>R7-M#>6LMM
M6%I%:VFKI#;Q*$CC2RF 4#L!LKS?XC65E%\:[9M9B$FF79@
H+%04(V'D$'@

1TOYFA
4ID4

MT]M)&


E6*C)PPR/7KCI7
ME'A.1/#_ 





8?'.TH2

MX[ (6V]L_/S57Q;_ 
G#Z9_UWM?YK'[/G_'SK_^[#_-ZK^,,1?M:4[D!6F
MM2#^0K1_Q:?]=&0_@G_78]ZKPGXU_P#(]^'?^N:_^C:]VKP3XSW


+-/@U3PGJMG<1K(CVLA 8=&D@_4$ UYE^S[*YTS6X2WR+

28[H@SC\]OY5SOC+_DX/










J%
M'1AD


M'MM

BDV_EQGCUCD)(_)A7NL$T=S!

 O++]


_GG\J(;R7H$]H_
YG2_\ DY6?


31-(O5!*0
MW#QL1T&Y01_Z#4?\NH^K_




G)K6K;F=S.E?E5C/T

G'%8'AGPKX9^%YNY[K6;=9+H@)+

D17$A(49!Z@;@:\P\!
M_#D?$*UNO$/B'5;QO
F9!Y3#S'( R2S X'. 
=JGWG)_B5HHK\#TS5?BIX'M
MH9()]6CNPZ8:*&%I0P/&
@;?P)KSOX$S1'Q?K:P!T@DM]\:'LHD&
^^#7H5K



M!6/Z U4^!^H177@$6J
/-M+AU=?]X[@?U_2MG_$J?UU9DOX=/^NB.[UK1[/7





#QC(&W\:\[^!,T1\7ZVL =()+??&A[*)!C
M/O@UZ%:_GP/I :Z?2UE$2EB]U
SJH Y)4G;^8KSOX'/'+XZUJ2)0L;6SL@
M  !D7' Z4H6YWZ


MG:1?ZR:UEC7ZE2!47M1=N[*LG65^R_


*R[6 .-WS=*[#]H'_D :1_U]-_Z#6M;^%?



YX%.K'\*ZK+KGA33-3





_P-=QX=T'X:67BD

M8R



M.W8WQOR-Q;$8]PH'ZOH*O!?@C.FD^

B\G







\]Z]:_X6_P!/^@Y_P2
MD_\ \17D?P]\.:'J7C_5-!\268G=?
6%3*\?[Q'Y'RL
\9/X5Z[_ 


?A_4=4


M 
E
\1_[DO\ Z.%1_'Y#)KVB(.K0.!_WT*D^#O\ R4SQ'_N2_P#HX4OQT_Y&
MGP]_US/_ *&*25U23\@;LZC]3V/0='M-!T.TTVSB6.*&
+\HQN;'+'U)/)KR





3X&^
MFH^'97VVEX3'%G@'^.




2?

M9IOT^\NUXN/]:&S\9]7;3_ CVD3$3ZC
MNH'4K]YOT&/QKB_ EF_@3XN#097


W4'@G

-



0%Z








MFA

MW_7&3_T:*]ZKP7X
8C^(^OQ

M %TN/_0:UOV@?^0!I'_7TW_H-8G@ZYCN_P!H/4IXB&C:6Y ([X!']*V_V@?^









M (L_3]3/_EW'U_S

MYS(@P/
1AN/_  ($9_'UKZ!KPCX\72WVOZ'I%OB2Y1&9D7DYD90H_P#':SUY

FNA

MC[X[W
-^/
L;.1U
UE4K(FDKN4]B01^M0_X4O4K_EY'T




J# R_RM^?)_&OH&O!/'?_)?=&_ZZVG_ *'4


M:OIT]A?:LDUO


_*['


M 
@#2/\ KZ;_ -!K)T7_ ).2O?\ KI-_Z*K6_:!_Y &D?]?3?^@U#_A0_KJQ

M(B&-B?F.XX!)R!T]?6IO .H+I7P;L]09=RVMI-




M#.[C//TSCZN+_:!_P0!I'_ %]-_P@UZ5X7_Y%/1_^O*'_ - %*'PR]?T'
M/XHKR.%^.NGP7'@F*]:-3/;72!'QR%;((^G3\JV?A]?M;_73KV8EOL]I(WX

M^?YHXGX*:3'KWB'5_$VI*L]S%(#&7YQ(Y+
WU&./J:]U=%D1D=0R


K#((]
M*\6_9_OD6+6]

/SK.\<^!_'A+X

M_







_A4QO9VVN7*UTGO8YSXL^//




MJG\R*\G\



;24-N
MR
KN*  $9')Q71_!;5Y=3\ QPS
6:QG:W4G^[@
OY!L?A3M4^&OPWT73I;_4


26YO&DD0C(8*F[!]C@OHI55$(H55&  

#+C#?



_P!:





H(P2


\/L_&/Q=95TQ?#

M..
^@XXX%?1=%-.S4NHFKIQZ
G3%=]12CHFARUU/&/A3HFK:=\0M?N;[2[VUMY
M4D$<L]NZ*^901@D8/'-==\2/A]'XVTZ.2WD6#5+4'R)&^ZX/5&]O0]J[FBE;
MW5'L=I-]SPFT\1?%KPG;)IDN@/J21#;'*]J]P0HZ?/$W/X\T6W@/QI\0M<A



M110!S'CKP9:^-=!-C*_DW






MTZ]-HT


 89Q@JQ

M;:'AOPM\-ZSX2^)%_9WFG7IM&AD@2\^S
(7PP96W8P 0#WZG%=C\5/ 5QXST
MNVFTYD&HV98QHYP)%;&5SV/ QVKT&BAZI)] 6C;74\)TSQ1\6=&MXM%_X1R2



MQ15HJ/0\1-S\4/B%


GTR
?UJQ14V]UQ]?Q']KF/G308OB+\-;V]L[

CL?RKZ&MGDEM(9)4*2
BLR'JI(Y%2T55]+
5


MM&WW
SPY%)!X8TJ*:-HY4LXE='&I#((/0UA?$7P0OC;05MXY$AOK=C);2/
M]W.

MT]




ET!]22(;8Y7M7N%'3YXFY_'FO=J*E*VQ3UW/;;P'X

M
8]

MF\8_%O6X&T^W\-R64DBX
Z6
D+ =_FD;:#_D5[I12MI9[#OK=;GFGPQ^&LOA





JRW


M[9+JP0_7I69XB\!_$#Q+IMUX@UYC)=0H#;Z?&-[E2W(54X7CGN3CGFOH:BF]
M?42T]#BOA2EY;_#^QL[^RNK2YMFDC:.YA:-L;BP(! R












MC8II2Z/!)E)9O):V.._

'?


M%$!+


MZA\4? -M_8\/A^2^M4)


NYX+/X;^(GQ-O;=O$$?]EZ9&=P1T
%_&<_BCPC&UQ%)(TQCBPSH6Y9A^\I.<8R?Q -68M<^+/B^(Z:FD



@@]#6G1152=V




MRR
DD107
#1[L!LXW 9KURBDM&WW5@:NDNQXQXKT35KGXYZ3J$&EWLME&]N7

M@3YQU(!Q7H7CVUN+SP#K%M:P2SSR6Q5(HD+


M7-I
;QV\NXB:-L87G! .*[C54:32+U$4L[0.%51DD[3P*MT4Y^^FOZVL$/=/


MBBD







M1M'*EG$KHXP5(09!!Z&M.BDM$UW=QO5I]C@_B_I][J?@&:VL+2XNYS/$1%!&
M9&(!Y. 


M9\.=?T7Q0WBCP/)B61R\MLK 


/AO-X4
VK:O(LNKW*[=JMN$*








O?B'X+GBT






MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@#/@T'1[6^:^M])L8;ML[KB.W19#GKE@
UH444 %%%% !1110 4444

 =J*


D7]LCO.!Y







M%4M)U2UUO2;;4K*3?;7$8=#W^A]QTKQ#3?BKXI&LZQIB[M4OI)C!IMN($ 1M

U45X5=^$
M_BSX=M)=2A\2R7QB0LT4=[),V!R2$E7!_G7:?SQ]/XSTZY@U!(UU&S*[VC&



:IA6W%1A0!TQ63X1UGQOXB\-V/A[PDB6-M8H5N;^0@98L3C=@XX





M;







MRLWG@ +

M10
**S/$0U$^'=0.DSF'4%@9K=PJM\X&0












6K:!?-


M=?UCQ._A?P1$3-&YCDN54
S

H+FV2









T/XOZ

D@



;[COQU921QZ4NJ7?0;T3?;4]

M!M;_ 
O3)W@$D'DQG=N/S?
5W?K7H?B/7[/PQH-SJU\3Y


MRV8@




M_P ^TMED

M/VJ#[']K
BBW\OS?
)XVXSG\J\/O?&OC+XB^()]







]\7[H^E+7BF[XF?$6
M)M0TN[30M(?_ (]E
S1
Z@]=R*7/UX'I6.OBSQU\



M:69KAI=UNS




MC


BO//B?\17\&6\%GIT<<NJ72EE\P96)


:;2) !RJ@GCUKURCHGW'U:[!

M?O?C1?\ A^XO]^EQ/
$@\F



R!AD%0.GO6[\
?^2;:'_UP/_H1KE/AMXRU_7_'.MZ=J=_Y




M?

MCQO\





2UNNQZ117AX;





MJ=;/1BOI='LNL?\ ($O_ /KWD_\ 037D?[/G_'EKO_72'^35ZQJ
\5SX=NYX

?7]#VFBO-?B7\2Y?



M.O8M2TVUOH3F*XB65/HPS_6O)/BC\2-8\-^+[/3M(NA%!#$LETGEH_F$G.W+


0H/WA VY8+N(R3WYI7UL.VESW*BO#V\*_%W6D&JS:_]



MU[PSX0O[OQMJ!E:T=BKDAB(E P=PY8D]
\UYZGBCX@?$W4;F+PV_]EZ9&=I=

1^#_&

M[Q_^@FL^_N_B#\/]



P_3FB6CL$=5<]-HKPZ#P=\79E7
M5&\2-%<$;_LLE\X(XZ% IC_L;6?BUXSM5M=+F)TW5K21H[P^1&1
/EVG# X




MO#UOJMJF_*RQ$Y,;CJO^'L15+570F[.S-RBO'/&_P 2-=N?%7_)^#D'VH/
MY4DX4

MCCZ9HU/0/BOX/LI=6'B*6^BA7=*$NWGV*.22DJX(^@-&V^@;Z+4][KRKXJ^

MPK'&58 ]

M=4444AA1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110




M


UCV.L
MQ^-OB78S^

EQQQPQ)%$BI&@JJC 4#H *\'^/=^W_1:-9R O;PP&8IG&XLV#^B_K7=
M?CQL/%7AX6EU)G5+%0DN3S(G17_ *'W^M<A\=]/N+74]$\00J=D?[EG'165

M[S1YO#8B%PHR_;=VQ@00V/+&>1ZU[IX=UZR\2:);:G8RJ\

MBVB=V15GQEL'&1@GCM^!KR7X._\ )3/$?^Y+_PCA5W_ 'NO9_H2_P'IW1[

MYGNU%%% PK+\066B7FENVOP6DEC!^]9KH#:F.^3TZ_K6I7CG[0%]=1:3I%E&
MS+;3RR/+@\

MSI=Y::=9W

)D9L[7(^ZP/N*[OX%G'P_E.<7LG _P!U:U/WQ/TSQ5XANM&
M2TGLIHE)073 -(02&7:

:/\ 'W3+@K'K




M*2SB1B

GA;27.





M)X\\2^+Y
M$9#!;


MA5_R331?^N;_ /H;40VGZH)_87J3?$R))?AQKBN
@6^X?4$$?J*Y?X&3
OP_

M[-^[.9^$ZKXRUO6;KY[E$+*Q[-(Q+'Z\8_$U[U7S[\.+^/P-\3=4T'4W$$
M5PQ@61S@;@V8R3Z



M^%]COJ***0PHHHH *Y/QE%X
LDBU?Q/!9B2(J(970F5BIW!5V_

U
MUE?//Q#*ZW\:[72M6F:/3DD@@&6P C $_3))&?\ EJY)+=CT46WLCK+WX^Z
M#%O%EI6H7! .TR;(U8]NY('OC/M7G?Q\=ZEXUT^QEFT-KPBD8Q2DLXD8C&
M Y !Z= *^B-.\,:#I$833]'L;?@ LDAFQTRV

FN7A

?F:]XKP?XB;_  E\




([?-^\7\L








M+QQDSN0


M5IX@8M;BZEC2)V(#,'8GT.!]?QKWRPT+2-*0+8:796J@[OW,ISZ\#K[THW





;#TQZ]ZZK

_
M


FO/?V@?^


MZUPNJ7L?CWXYV TUC-9VDD:^:O*E(B79OH3D _3UKNOCC_R3T_\ 7W%_6LG_




M+;QPY]=J@4HI.G)=W^@Y.TUW2/)/@AJ4NF:GK7A.]RD\

ME^..I37MSHOA6S;


<4M[C5E%M[6.V^
$QN/A6)
MSUDD@?\ /FM'X06B6OPUTUE #3F25R.Y+D?R JE\9XQ#\
I(EZ)-H_ UK?

'T^5ZZ+X86L=I\.-%

MI_UT9F_@G_78]]KPGXU_\CWX=_ZYK_Z-KW56#*&4@@C(([U\[_%C6[75OB7I









M^9;B10?8J#_05[&OW1]*\@_:!_Y &D?]?3?^@U-3OYCIZ+Y&QXNOI;'X%B2

MUP'_ *$*BI\+*A\2

MX ,B[ES_P.UQWQR_Y'/0O^N _]&5K+6K#U7Y(SINU.3\G^9[K:P1VMI#;Q
M*%CB1451T  P!7D/[0

MO_0:SJ=_
NGHOD;NMZC-:? D72

M[EFF

;#TQZ]Z]=N-)EUOX)0Z? I::32(3&H_B945@/Q(KF/@
M5XDMFTFY\.SRB.[BF::%&.Z$#('N"?QK22?M9_UU9M[.!3_X:&_ZE?_RH




M=_ZZ0_R:LJ_G7P1\?C?7N(K*[D



MBE)HGC6T\/Z780ZE(^Q)E\PJRR
V H(SVZ\=Q4+XDNI?1OH;WC*+P99)%J_B




2N[@XY+GDY





?[1^(?A[29
^040$9_YZ2;3^BBJ'

5K_'*QGL-;T/Q+ F5B(B8]@RMO7/URWY
M4HZ*G?\ K4'K*I;^M#VR.-(8DBC4*B*%50
  =!7G/QOT^*Z^'[W;*/-L[B-
MT;'(#':1^OZ5W&B:S9:_I%OJ5A
LL$R Y4_=/=3Z$=
5YO\ '/Q#:VOAB/0U
ME5KR[E5VC!Y2-3G)]
D#'X^E*HGL]QT^Z.K^&/\ R3;0_P#K@?\ T(UYM\'?


DWT/\ ZX'_ --8?QQ_P2



M^#+'5&L+2]OIBS2S3QB0QN&. 

?

.];TWPQX
U!I6AA
M::%XH(5 !D=A@8 ^N3[5P/[/G_'EKO\ UTA_DU.&\O0)[1]2E\:_^1[\._\


MF4W/EE0


QZ9SZ'H?2KK).3OW_4BC?E7H

0Q:1KNC^?]E58OGW03*H&!N!!!.




H]\8./8U[E=74%E:RW5U
D
$2EY)'



-[
QKS3]GS_CRUW_KI#_)JN]ZDK]OU(?P1MW
OPE&NO_'[



?DQ_P&3_ 
=KT[X5Z%'I_P -;*&:
$WR

M'^Z(^1_X[MKEO@_!)KWBCQ#XPN5.9I3%#GMN.XC\%N'CUJ3P=H7C/PF\A6



MPTTLJ.9?
D8^I+M_0J/QI4)\-94'19X0/SK5^%7_)--%_ZYO_Z&U.'V[=T3
M*_N)^9@_'6]DMO L-O&QW-XB/CNH#-C\P*Z#X8:=#IWP[TA85 
T/GR'NS/
MR?Z#\*S/C-H\FJ^ )I84+26
JW.!_=&0WY!B?PI?A!XEM=9\%VM@)5%[IZ^3





M!'ASP9ING%-LPB$D_P#UT;EOU./PKRSXZ?\ (T^'O^N9_P#0Q6CLJD(KHTC-


MG\_TK-^



M_BV













!RS


#\#1#[=O(4OLW\



3D_
Y''T!'''%8FI_&N\URUO-/T3P
MO++YD+*7=S(P4C!)15XQGUKH/A/X1\-2^#+'5&L+2]OIBS2S3QB0QN&. 
YV





M:?XG@N+);*V:$O&[N)#L/. %(_6O2CR

1POPP\(:O
MX









M.YPW@;X8:5X
?[7YC7NI
NTW$BA0@/4(O./KDFKWQ$\
WOBWPG+I5A+;QSM*
:C(NUKET[1Z(O.!


C\:ET;2+/0=(M
MM

MP3;-RNOHPR/?!'KWKNZ*35QIV/$+?X5?$
!;27QEY5B 5VQWMPV!V^3 'ZU/


;GP3H=S;7TMO

_#']GVLD
=W'


FY24






MB:ZE W

M/N['D/@_X:^


0


MVSM5R69B.
]!S^/NL$


M#

'K;R.

MPNT9)4E5 .

M


MV;&W=G.Y1ZBM7Q[\/+#QQ;0M).UI?P B*X5=W!_A8=Q^/%=E11+WMQ+38\0M
\*:EI5J\23W4)C1I20H/N0?TK(

,ZC\%=3T[4);SP=XADL-_2*25XRH]/,3)(^H_
M&DT_X*ZIJ6H1WGC#Q$][L/,<<CRLX[#S'P0/H*]GHH6@/4Q]3\,:5JGAIM F
MM@FGF,1I''QY8'W2ON,O)3\&O%VC7




MYC(YN79005QQM4UWE%)J^X)V
JT
?AWPK;?VC



MC9&E:_![Q%JMQ&WB_P 527=K$V[RDN)9BP_WI
;?K@UF_!&TB7QWKLML
VT
M+1QL#D;3(-O/T6IKG7OBUXNM9--BT(Z9')\DLJVSVYVGK\TK=/\ =YKT/X=^



[0



M6E_
'K;R

:-*2%!]R 3^E9'PV\*7W@[PP^F:A+;


%G .
]@*









MHX/ENXZ





9'-R[*N.-JFN\HI-7&G8HZ-9R:=H=A93
M

MXU2;: 8U=B/H9&.XC)[ 5J_#+P!K/@?4=3^V7-C/972KL
+N7!4G&05 Z

MKTBBFG;835S@_B3\.O\ A.(+6:VO%M;ZU#!#(I*.I[''(Y'7GOQ3?AWX5\5^
M&Y[P^(=;74()(T2,7,LOED$]-X&T8]*[ZBDM+V&]=SSWQS\*--\7W)U&WN#
MI^ID -*J;DEQTW+QS[@_G7(-\*/B#.#9W'C -IYRI4WL[97_ '


:=G


WZZIJ%TVIZBIW(S)M2



M[%V4#: 






MQO6WD-=%D1D=0R
@Z#IWAO28M
M-TR 16\?/JSMW9CW)K2HJKZ6)MK<


MYVNG('M@_P'K]%*VMPZ6/(M(^#^HW-V+[QAKC:M/$K&!I7E3=VW



NSHIOWMP6FQX</A/\ $V7['9^
%73QA507LZ#
M;_N $?AFNM\#_73O=X-2N[DZCJ(_U;LFU(O=1DY/N3^ KT2BFG;435SSOX





WG7!P<%2.0P/J#S6E11+WMPC[N
MQX:?@UXNT:YD'AOQ2L%NYR3Y\MNQ]


+N7!4G&05 Z



;-_

MI?@FP:&RW37
N//NI -S^P]%]OYUT]%-.PK!1112&%%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !17)^&OB%I/BG7+W2+&WO8


MT^*YBA64Q;;A55L@ ]B1CGUH6M_('H;M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%17




9&G1 IPVTX(8GK[5UE'1
.M@HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BN3OOB%I-AXT@\*RV]ZU]









M7L+R/4=.MKV%66*XB65 XP0&&1G'?FK%4U9V8D[JZBBBD,**** BBB@ HH

MEG:=$D!MO&&)ZGTH6KL#T5SKJ*** BBB@ HJGJ6K6&CVPN-1NXK:(L%4R-


L]M+


MI)J6H6EDCG:C7


MG]H#_D :/_U]-_Z#4?@GX9V_B;3HO$?C!YKVXO$#0V_FE%2+&%SM(/3H 0 *




M6OB70+B+'F11


MQ06Q^%+H?C+P[XD8II.K07

W.!M()QTY/Y5P/Q+\(0_#S6]







MO!
UHT

M%&0




!$6.=J


M&!Y561'42G:
C)VX_2IC?VB^?Y#E;V;^7YZ'M'Q#OK34?A;K-U8W4%U;O#\L

MTBQDGDMX825:=@7.Z0


GI7*:E\2_!VDW)M[O7;


M@IX4LM/CCU.WDU&[P#)*TSQC/?:$(P/KDU*NU?H4[+3J=MHWB+1O$$)ETG4K

&H:W;I
IVM'&&E93[

7^'=-TI-4N=8LQ


XR
M2S8[U7L/!&B^$=



M
@TW4[*]


M ')?_1PK3^


M5Q$^6
6[/EX(RC

GI7+:E\2/!^DS&*[UZV\P
5
M*PAIB.H.P''XU@_%F/Q3J'AFWL=!T^X=+C+7WD,RJ!_J\ Y.3G..N


2VH298Y(#(77G.&4G)!R/6

GW.

MDT@1?ID]ZM5X?K_@WQ/XY^)Q36K:ZM-#C9Q#(&#*L2X^Z1D!GX///_?.*6K:



DEI.Z


M3[RWNX
E?








DXJG?^)=$TO38]1O-5M(K.49BE\T$2


M(=(\/6PN-6UTC.=OF-\S8Z[5')_ 5XE\6?A]I7A.PL=9T!)+1?/$4D8E9L


M3P

G)!P.*T_@7
M=W4.I:[H









M0]NC%0\C?*.1TX7KUXXZT6?

1#(^!U

MH^B^.O#'B&80Z9K-O-


M
@L5@FL9KB8+@W#W+JQ/KA2%_2I5W%2*=E)Q.RTK6M
URU-SI=]!=P@X+0N&



MK+^









@


M==:!H-MIVG3-#=Z@S!I$.&6

MUNW293M:.
0.,')[CUH^%VD]Y71[C6#K?C7PWX=<QZKJ]O!*
$Q EY!G_84$_I7


2%B;
;

UTMSXJ








[O P<6WFE#)G.6R#G P!@8Q^5=OXI^WA^YT2<^'[-[34HU+0@3LRR


CQ2'[/Y

X49]!GJ:GN)X[6



M-NYCFBB9XW'56#@@_G73Z+\&?#LOAV

X.

MU
;M7\RG9.QZ7;7
%Y;1W-M-'-!(NY)(V#*P]01UJ6JNFV$&E:9:Z?;+M@MH



U-UJ5[!:0 XWS.%&?09ZF



M0.

5_2LKX8^!_$W@[6]06
M\F@.CRAE5/-RS


MP3\+66G1IJL$FHWA 

M[50PC?YESTRO4?B*\R_:!_Y &D?]?3?^@UDZ[\.M:\&^,=/U/P/!=7$3Y8Q
M;L^7@C*,QPK ]_?TK3^/C
_AO16=CFX8LI.=IV=.*4[.*:[CC=-I]CTWPO
M_P BGH__ %Y0_P#H J75]?TG08!-JNH6]HC?=\UPWT'4_A63;:O%H/PTM=5
MF&4M=
CDVY^\1&




I3/^\%VX]\XKSGXL7;ZS\2M*\.7]\;325$

MG:KI^L6HN=-O8+N G&^&0

S.




TRX
%SKUN9!D$

M5[5'O\I/


M\


$FOPLX[Q122+_





JCW7





-




MSMS_ 

G)!P.*]






%OKEQ!;M

M^.O#'B&80Z9K-O-



%M!=-F:0+CSS
M=2;R?7 ;;G\*2NUS=QNR?*=M8W]GJ=HEU8W4-S;O]V6%PRG\17!_&S_DG$__
M %\1?SKA+<7GP@^)-OIZ7DD^AZ@5+3NC';D]MRGN.H^M=W\;/\ DG$__7Q%

M:0+N/H


?UKUFX@CN;:6WE7

M$M8JW1GT37@OQ3P?C'H(AQYNVVS]?-;%=S=_&CP7;V3307\US

/9CIC:,5Y7^T#_ ,@#2/\ KZ;_
M -!IO@;XJZ?H^BVVB^*Q/87-K$JQ3-$SK)%C*'@D'&.V#US2@_=DO/] GNG

MY/Y


M6H?&'Q;9Z5HUM+'IML3AW'W0?O2OV' X']37K7CJTBT_X5ZK9P#;#;V/E(/0





M:R^-'@RXL5GN+V:TG*Y:WDMY&8'TRH*G\Z(OW$NV@2^-ON97Q\*?\(=8!L;_

MO2OV' X']37K7CJTBT_X5ZK9P#;#;V/E(/0* !_*IEI2DWU92=ZD4NA@_ E0


]9^)_\ R3;6_P#K@/\ T(5S
MWP)4+XF('+7TA/_ 'RE:/C76].\0_36-1TNX^T6CQ%5DV
N2' /# ']*S_


M^._LO&.DJ[26@47&P9

[\07MEH_@A[P2F8'[1&I






]/O 9Z'IFE#X&O-C




U/0


?VOXC\1/?R+


(_]R7_T<*]VKPGX._\
M)3/$?^Y+_PCA7NU)?!#T0?;EZL*\:\3?%/7=2\1R^'O!%D)98V:
W'EAV9A
^#50_B1L3/^'*YZ[\<

M&:X7X8_%/0M'\







KC!

 OIXL.
9.U%(YXKVV'4]^(?AK4K73;S[
M1:RHUM(XC9C%?1@#QD&O'O!OBF[^%.O7WA_Q%:R_8Y) VZ
9VGH)%_O*0![






DES


MKS_0]IHHHJ2CP_\ :#W^;H'7R\3_ )_)7LVF;/[*L_+QL\A-N.F-HKCOBOX2

J
M\!6 !8

MYL?UK1\=_&+3+K1IM*\






1M//H:\Z\._\G'7






M8P-MEN+62)#G'+*0/YU
FTFT5%)M)GD%]\3_ !?XNUJ;3O MAMABZ3&-6=AG
M[S%_D4'T/Y^CQX)^*^M^6-3\2_8XB/G47;*0#U!6







M) ^@K!^'WQ9TW2=%BT+Q

8F8%1P%8 %@PZ=.U$;+FCYW$[OEEY6

O/=37A5'G6)E 7/W5
M! 8L3@=*WK;P'JFI?!]]%U2YFEU:;-TGVB4L8I
Y5
G..!@^[&IDFXM]K%IV
MDEW.J^'NS_A7NA;


B.







-0M_*L+:42+D?+N482-3WQP2?;WHC_$3[:A)














/@MVN.7Q\W=+\#T








M









X)NER]
M=#WBO*/CX4_X0ZP#8W_;EV_]\/FM6R^-'@RXL5GN+V:TG*Y:WDMY&8'TRH*G


MGG'QJT/^U/ S7L:YFTZ43 CKL/RM_
'\*S=:\8^=\!8M0\PM=7ENMD3T)?[K

MM0O-:T_X?W*YAM]8=Y
D\C@-]


MC%?RK9^('C#[3\'M-DB;_2=92.







MKXF_]$FE#^*O1_D.7\-_(][HHHH \)^-?_(]^'?^N:_^C:]VKPGXZ[K7Q5H%





MZH=.SNNC.;^('C&'X5'4K9\/JT108Z_O!EOR7=^-2_!_01HW@*VF=-MQ?D
MW

MOO@[_R4SQ'_ +DO_HX5[M1O3BO)^W+U/E?P;H7B3Q#XAU.+P_K']FWB O
MS7
D)==_3* D\^M=S_PK;XI_]#K_ .56Z_\ B:S-?M]1^%/Q
;7[:V:;2;V1




M$$4UJ9G7

M!Z@K&



W0]

M]#K_ .56Z_\ B:@^)FCZGX/\=V_CC2XB]N\BO*0.$DQM*MZ*P[^I/M79Z=\:
M?!UW8I-=WDUC.1\T$EN[D'V* @_I2A;D7=#G?G;[G#ZA\(?B#JT:1ZEXEM;V

TZY='GM;:.%V0DJ2J@'!(!QQ7C&O?$;

XXVL:[E8=PHH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH

@^)O&BKK&F0W16QAN<JZC8O 92& ]LTGQ \_\ =:?9VO]




&LV?VJ.%B\:^:Z8)&
_*16Q11N!6CL+:+35T

MX6TL

M%'F!3TW2=.T:V^S:;96]I#G)2&


\I7
M/^Z6VX]L8KJ[&PL]






7P]X2T/PJDZ:+9?95G(

J[HY%*L

M6/YULT44 %%%% '

M$S'U)0C/XU=T3PGH'AP
M?\2C2K>U





0.?05N$ @@C(/4&EHHZ6#S.

+O#GU



/P-;%%%@.4TWX




9_F/

MZWH6F^(]-;3]5MOM%JS!C'O9.1TY4@UHT4=+!UN4]*TJRT33(=.TZ'R;2 $1


MV3D=.5(-2Z5I5EHFF0Z=IT/DVD (CCW

MK%K]IMED$@3S&3Y@ 
M-Q.U0
 9/)_&K%% '

M/

=6)-3ZMH6E:[ L.JZ?;W
MD:G*B:


M_2MVBBCI8/







MH]O/

MOI6Y10!5U+3K35].GT^^B\VUG39)'N*[AZ9!!'X56T+P]I?AK3S8Z1:_9K8N
HH6FP/4Q]:\*Z%XB'_$VTNVNFE1
M(ZX<#T##!'X&LFQ^%_@O3I_.@TW9_\ IN[S#\G8BNNHH6FP/7<15J%4 *!
M@ #@4M%% !5/4M*T_6+4VVI64%W 3G9-&& /J,]#5RB@#CX/A7X)MKK[0F@0
ME\DXDED=.?\ 99BOZ5UL,,5MD
$211(

$3-
M$J'&






MZ*/

ME@ZW

MD\Z1MV3N/#



BE7CD4




/(Q_$'A;1O%-O#!K-G]

M38'J8%OX+\/VGB-_$$&G[-4D9F:?SI#DL
'Y2VWI[5OT44=+!UN8%_X*\/:G

VU
M1T?2++0M*M]-T^$16L[47J?<D]R3SFKU4[:);(E7U;W84444AF%H_@W0- U


[:#$')!PDTJKQ_LAL?I7944 4]-TG3]'M?LVFV5O:0YSLA


FR1O.D?(
MSG'S
:ZBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B







-073[.6Y
MM+UR?+@O(PADP
_*5+#\


MCI+&LD;*Z




MYZ#/)K6N]0M+'39M1N)U2SAB


1M
MM.(%U+)&\:QDY &649S@]



MXJC\


M;R]DM=
O&V0O+;R;BW/&U03_  GGI6_IVH6NK:;;:A92&6UN8Q+$Y4KN4C(.

MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

.1;




^7;9?-GHG

Z71-LK35HDWVILXD@WL/X6QA2#TYZ5<^&=OKGACX=?9O%D'V1].
A4M
D


:6L17;O6W59 /:0#=GWS

M^A]_\K%W_P#$5;22Y;$)MMR#X;B;P)\:]6\%QSO+IUR&



M?/AC2_ !O[+1KPO([F-(GM8%B+9)R#M R
9//I7L]O!':VT5O$H6.) B*.

M\'-(L=8C

MRW 02
Y






H!!KR3]G

M)N_]#-;_ 
=/&E[8PV?A+1787^I_ZXQGYQ&3M5!Z;CG\![UA_ F



M_B70K&+3KNR=#*EJHC1T+ 9VC@

M 2/XI7+G]%'YU




M7JJ$&&6*/R8SR
AP@Y&.^
@_C6!XZ^ -EJLTVH^&)TL;IR6:SE_U+'OM(Y3Z


#%5I.T=F+6-Y
M+5'NO@C2]5\



!M0;#1WA#<9D0[6Q_O+@_1:]^IZ*
M*Y=GKZB=W)WZ!1114CBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B

8]Z

MFC!B=C[LA!/XFDT3X;^#_#TRS:9H%I'
K%EED!F=3[


MKC2V=I(D&6
38W$#O@J#]




M




D:=HEF+/2[&WL[<'(C@C
M#/KQWJ[3:7+R+^F)-\W
?/'PL^)MGX&L[GPEXOCGL&M)G

J@GK

N'<EA^

Y6ENEI
5<S6Z/(F#D;6(R,'GBMB.
/]
MA!J]Z^GWMO D,D9MY'5BHQE2BG@X[XKUMT61&1U#(PPRL,@CT-<;+\)/ <^H
M]?PW:B8'.U&=8_^_88)^E*-U=='J#L[/JCR?XH_$2_\;^&+N+PWIUVOANU=


(H_ 4*U^9@[VL



ME?8/APMVRD/?W

M6-AYN/
^RVZ1;\=
[0
]3^=7V574JP#*1@@C((I/:*C]FQ6\I-]3R[0_CUX
MOM


:'X;A
6C:
M7:V2L &

CONW<32]VW16/GGXQ6D_@OXG:-XUL4(2=E:7;QND

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *



M[E-4


8&6).*(ZW\K?B#TMYW_  /1
G?#/6KNQNIK6YCC0I-!(4=?G4<
.17DGP6^*

M[T[X9ZU=V-U-:W

MH.



$6UC41$LTEU(BI$N%11C '<_4T+6_D#TMYG:T444 %%
M%% !116-XLU[_A&/NHZU]G^T&TB
@BW;=QS@#.#CK2;25V-*[LC9HKBOA;X
MJU#QEX1;6-1$2S274B*D2X5%&

MHBPVC@[2

LD_A72)II'DEDLH6=W8EF)0$DD]3
M6I527*VNQ




MBBB@ HKS'XH?$C4/.KZ1HNFVT7G:@5+7

**** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***\QT_XD:AJWQFE\(Q6T5OI]F)1(^=SS
J\
M'/\ ,GH/S[4+5\H/17/3J*** BBB@ HHHH ***\6\4?#KXG:IXGU&^TGQE


46?5KH.

5.0%(ZCUIK6



QR%(!XIVUBN[L)NR;[*Y[O12#[H


M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 457OTFDTZZ2W)$[1.(]K8.[

\36E




_X1CPKJ.M?9_M!M(C((MVW<<X S@XZTFTE=C2N[(V:*XK
$=
M7TC1=-MHO.U J6N9#GRUWA2%7H3[G\C2ZI=QO1-]CTZBBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HK&\6:]_
MPC'A74=:^S_:#:1&01;MNXYP!G!QUK#^%OBK4/&7A%M8U$1+-)=2(J1+A448





G')). /7G'I^GWT&I

L?F1Y]F


E<S!K_
M 
=-*W:M?Z0+RQ WO:M'!D+U.%C/F XXYS]#5/X)V\?B3XF^(O$=X/-GA+21
!7B<<HX



MD@M\J;QD5F/. ^7(103G ;.?TKN/A;;_ &OX-Z3;!MOFVLB9]
LXKQ3P=XRU
M3X
:[J6B:SHS3132*9 &V.
9 =1AE(^GU%7-+VKB]B8-^S3W?\ PYT5WXR^
M-'@JW_M'Q%8175CN4.98H65!]8-N?4^WX^P^!/&=IXZ\-1:M;1F&0


M?NVR4AS]W('+




M

G_H(J)NUK=RH:[]CU^+6(H?#$6M





MJQFC5I;.(W4+XY1DY./J

M4AGEGPZ^)6L^+O&VMZ+?VUA';6 D



MIX]@1ZYZ9FD_%_QEX2\20Z-\0+$&)R \QB5)$!/#@I\CJ/8=NN17O.F6
&






MX*_$^#7-
AKU/XGZE:ZQ\%=5U&QE$MK<V\<D;C
MN#(M.JU*GSKY^N@4ERU%'[O0I? #_DF$?_7Y-_2D^)/Q?C\(WRZ'HMHNH:X^
M 4.2D);[H('+

M&'&=KR



M]BFGV
!@#
; #CUKZ?UB87'@Z_G'22PD?\XR:\F_9J_Y .N_]?4?_H)I05IR
M3Z+]=@G).
6N_PFYZMXD\46'A/PY)K.K.4BC4?NU'S.YZ(H]2?_ *]>,1^/
MOBWX[#W?A#2$LM.5\(ZI$2P'&\WRL?]TF_M&ZJ3K&@Z1*SBT1&N9E0

MG-?_  Y-O



M:_N7NEDWM;2JK1\1[!MZ$8X/?I^7=T4EH[CZ6OGS]H^:VN-3\/6$B340)&






MOB)XV\1:39Z1\/-$

L'_AH




GBGQ1K\VD?#

 Y4LK1@





MI:]#EOA_X[L?'N@_;[:
P7



SGYOJ .?RKUCQOX



\^]?.7Q2^








MOWPS\5^


+M1NDL


66.1$:/YP







M2OBS%X-N8]'TJT&H:[

&I_'V5QJ*V 6W.'^R^5

M  T=X/\ ^@;KG_?B'_X[4Q^%/J_P'+XG&VB+OPX^+A\3:DWA_P 0V0TW7DR%

M^/43O[-2V=[?D$4N?EZ6.?'Q



^62

/AO\2$MK*ZN;.YDCE#Q6

M%%%2
**** /+?V@/^28O_P!?D/\ 6M7X+_\ ))]$_P!V7_T:]97[0'_)
7_Z


MZC8J]TR%P2.#L&0  ?XF./;H:ZC6-;N-.^!']JQN5N#H\6UQU#.BJ#^;5Y#\

6DFMX8V&P#Y5RS@^IZ=Z;BO:2BWM^()OD4K:O\


M

CZ?HHHJ1GS-K&/B%^T4FG7/[VPM;CR
,-\3/B=X

\%3

.O:1(V8H6




H+V]W$R$CD9RI
M_G6]\(V:3X5:7.[]PPY] [C64)=U^H.T9Q[/\ 0I_;XAW/C_1;R74(K6&
M_M9@KQVP95*$94X8D]0PZ]J])P
FOGCPV!\.?V@KO2')CT[524BSPN)/FC_
M ;*5ZQ\3_$1\,?#[5+^)]ER\?D0'OO?Y01],D_A1.2Y%-=5^.P1C[[@_PD

_B%J^EPVMBNA6.\K.J/YK -M3YMVWGD].@KU*O+/@+X


I17<:R6]K.U
MTZ



?&6L3Z9\/-'S#'D?:9(PSX[






@NK:WO+J*




M







MXDT5-

M
]U

'_H J8:QDWW_0):3BO+]3#^*'BZ_P#!/@YM

MGMZUQG[0'_)
7_Z_(?ZUT'PI_P26^'_ /KU_P#9C2CJI7Z6_():./S/ O'
MC6+P1XX\57HM9+N\N&E@M+= ?WDAFX!QV_4UV%SKOQX13K#:6L=FJ^8;1((&
M&
?W
F7\
YJE\&]#M]1^+/B+4KB-9#I\LK1!AD*[R
 WU #?G7T932_=Q[V0

MO]F_#6SOL9^S:0DV/]V('^E?.GPM^(7A_P 'ZEJNK:_:7]WJ=XPV36\2/M4D




MVLKA


MTVUT?X


M]OZV1E#57_K=B.2$8J



SNW?ZPG.
#IZUS_CKXS7-CKY\
^#M/74M5





+]/2PU4N8XG1@+_W&4DX)[$<'^?9_$#X@:;X!T9;JZ4W%
MW



MLI]5QCGK7N:(L:*B*%10 JJ




_YC _
MOH:.-(HUCC4(B@*JJ


I&0





MBU'2]/CL[61=R*D5O&&!Z'$Y+5Z7XV\$^#M8N(M?\3



M0O[1O;@$7










MXU%U7:92N2$\PA0![Y)]
O;(KZ!T[4+?5=-MM0M'\RVN8EEC;U5AD5YK^T#:QS_  T,S*]
MO=Q
TG_ *:B;M!M=BX*\DCPK3/CAXK





MP/T/2H]#_:)\-7H1-7LKS392/F=5\Z('ZCYO_':[30;?P+X@U:3Q)HJ:9?:B



MYI5O9S27-P8G%TC


ADO-=U1XP9HDB





M2&%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 -DD6*-I'8*B@LQ/8OE_0-
M#B^-'Q5UJ\OYKJ+3%#2!X&NJ A8E&X$#@9Z=C7O/Q$@UR\\$:C8^';
W.H7

]^]8'P9\#WG@SPM.-5ME@U2[G+RIN5RJ+PHW*2#W/7^

?O(Y89[<
MB

M(';/6MKXD?!ZZU_71XE\

MKIL;NM_!7P/K6]QI1L)F&/


M/G;X
3KX5^*?B#PS?$12S%HXMYQN:-B0!ZY4DBOHFO+OB;\)!XOO$US1;I;#
M7(@








M5^%]?FUCX?:J(XWW


Q



M
D408XW

+J/6M'NET_78@/WAR$FV_=R1RK#LPS_


M_.NW^&7PD'@^\DUO6;M;_7)01O4DI%N^\03RS'NQQ_CL_$WX=P_$'188%N%M

C./TP !2FKZ


5'89Z
D@\LD#OGUZ=*N;3G*^W3[V1335.-M



M
O1O$'@[XI6=W%%:PZC!:2!62\MQP2


$^D

=[/78G_9QU2^








M'YFSXT\*6?C/PQ=:/=@*7&Z&7&3%(/NL/Z^Q-?

UWPS?GRII]T
9?
N['
MF?CC-=1\./@ZOA?4_PW]?O%U'6CEDP2R1

M+=GH&LPBW\'ZA.D=A(@_




M_P!=7_\ 2:OH:O&K/P-XCB_:#F\4/IV-&9V(N?/CZ&':/EW;NO'2G#2HGZ_D





M[ &E#XI)];#G\*?:_P16\

MJU&5$CC[[58
S?3@#\:VO@YIDNE_W1XYEVR3*UQCV=BR_H17Z'\%M=UW7T

.A6'VN2WG=Y1YR1[0
M5 'WV&?PJZOO6DNZ)I+EO%^9W_A3_D3]%_Z\8/\ T 5Q/Q[_ .2677_7S#_Z

ME/#D.A:9'K




MHHI#/G3XA_\ )R&@?]=+/_T.OHNO%_&7@3Q+JOQLTCQ#9:;YNE6[VQEG\^-=
MH1LM\I8

)?Q&_)'SW\$?^2K^+/]V;_P!'BE_:$_Y&_P +
M?[K?^C%KH/A9X'\1^'/B#XAU35M.^SV5V)!!)Y\;[\R[APK$CCU%'QC\#^(_
M%7B/0+O1=.^U06BD3-Y\:;?G!Z
P)X':G'_EUY6)E_R]\[GL2_='TKQ/]I/_




/AZ+4? -OX?U:(A9+.VG0,5(
M0 X(R




A8D'^Y$ A/'!).
_

MNC*_:$_Y&_PM_NM_Z

/X=O-CE_$OY(\3_:3_P18T7_ *_&_P#0#76ZYIDNL? M
M[*!\KZ/$R*.K
J*P'Z5F_&[PAKOB_0M



QP !U)KQ3Q-\&]:TSQ

BX\+?&[Q=;MIFNWZ6EB_$ADE@1

 ]/\ Z$;&U<SW
Q#W-RRX

P/VA
M-9O;C7M&\

M[SQD[
57)9B%'/.T<]Z[;X0?\DIT'_KBW_H;5Y?JOP+\4:KI%_K&L:V
M=3\2,H,%NLF4/S<J7?';. , 'OBO4_A5I6L:%X LM*URR-I=VKR($,J2;D+%
M@<J2.^/PJHZ1E??0F6KBULKGE_P1_P2K^+/]V;_ -'BOH2O'/A9X'\1^'/B





);B9XHE:;[.K[25W;50'



M@F%GJEN



^

M']4\


;U)\.-'O]!^
M'^D:7J<'D7EO&RRQ[U;:2['JI(/!'0U/X\TR\UKP+K.FZ?#YUW<VS1Q1[@NY
MCVR2 /Q-.OKS6_K8FAHHW_K<XK]GK_DFS_\ 7]+_ 6N2\)_\G0:Q_O7'_H(


M;S0^$=5CN[)WX2.2


#SGDGIVKTOX.:M?:S\


M-O;2WQEC

7_ .OR'^M:

Y.6('ZUH?#



N
MQ@"I_ND8_E6LVE5F^C_ ,V1%7IQ75'I_P#P@G@__H5-_\ !=#_ /$US'AC


_CSP4NA?'C7X&TW4;P6M

-
MY;17-O*LL



M[R;V7XB;T:6[




MIWD:;=?:?)F\^-MV^4
ORJQ89 SR*K_M)_\ (L:+_P!?C?\ H!J9O]W3\K?F
M4OXDWZGJ'@W6H/$'@_2M3MW5A+;IO .=K@893[@@BL7XMZU:Z+\-M8-Q(JR7
GX74CS2:VUU

%_@MJ6MF/=)+]HO8D(ZA$POYE#^=<3\(_!.G_$C4M9UOQ3-
M-?21RKNB\TJ9&;)+





O\
M[2?_ +&B_\ 7XW_ * :]6\*?\B?HO\ UXP?^@N$^-WA#7?%^A:9;:%8_:Y


5
@-D\L0/UK1^'&CW^@_#_2-+U.#R+RWC998]ZMM)=CU
V<%VZ(
M0


=&DO/AD)(%+?V=<1S, /X,%?PW UL?!W7;;6_AMI:0NOG6
?V6


^I_#S
M6


()Y9CZDE^-WA#7?
M%^A:9;:%8_:YH+DR2+YJ1[5VD9R[#O2FO=BNHXO5OH=WX4_Y$_1?^O&#_P!
M%


M:MS=-?R)A%NCR]=/P9Z3\4/^28^(O^O-ZY3]GP[?AI*W7%]*?_'5K2.E^
]9



MJ#V_K7N^G_#+P3IB(MOX9T\[


'HI-7@MGBFNI#+%0ZOE@%9AP1TY/









!%G
MK)D8Z[I/G./?FN@\#_  BU.V\3CQ5XTU-=1U5'WQ1*
MQ=5;LS
0.G90







\?C/]I+



,'VYK6?NUI-[.Z_%F=/6C%=K/\  ] _X03P?_T*
MFA_^Z'_ .)KE(]7^%]GXY3PY#H6F1ZS%

CAP/QR?RKW?3=0M]
^'H]MM!/:FWCVKQ'QA<#VP*4X_NWW+]]6V.(^ '_)




?PVU3QHNGZCHDD0O[%64Q2/L\Q3@C:
MW0$$=\#GK47M*




M.9K= 1T^]&/



5+1EFPH*G'7D]

UUO@'X.WFF^(?^$G\7Z@NH

MK=


$7L )POT'%7]#^VN

NV
M2:TFN


MA&!=
T+44O+!
B





%_ VLZ5:Z




M!:?9P7& 3MP


M\^

['XL?\DM\0?\ 7M_[




M(&Y[MFF+8[X8D#\ *P/BG\);CQ?J$.NZ%=QVNL1*JL)&*K(%/RD
!E6'K].E





M_FR1








H*U_5GSW\$?\ DJ_BS_=F_P#1XKU?4?B)X9LO%D7A2ZN'

M_


!%G
MK)D8Z[I/G./?


+K/Q;X+AW:CO5KB-94C(=?NR L0#D#!'^)KUS1

5N5V6Q?KQ+]I/_D6-



M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH


M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5XE^TG_R+&B_]?C?


MBBB@84444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
9'<FY



M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@


MOA^:+_Q'^(-O\/M&ANY+.2[N+ES'!&K!5W 9RQ[#Z UU&EW3WVD65W(%5YX$

M)NW3@@]C745336C)3N%%%1SSQ6T$D\\BQQ1J7=V. H'))I;#)**\-U3X[:MJ





C$K^./RI)W*::/?Z*Y'P


)


M6RD@C.!GIZ#K26M[=!O2WF;]%17-Q':6LMQ


MC\J2=QM-'O\ 17(^ _B)I'C[3WFL=T%Y!]HLY"\?N#_$OO_*J_Q)^(7_O
M=

XAN[6*YMY%DAE021NIX92,@BN \!_%/_A-O$VIZ-_8
MWV+[C-YWVKS-^'V]-@QZ]31;7EZBNK<W0]$HHKSW2?BA_:GQ0O/!?\ 8_E?








M]*^9_AG\3O\ A72ZDO\ 8_\ :'VTQG_CY\K9MW?[#9SN]NE?1/B+X@?V!\.+






=N_'-'1OL'6QZG1






O%FK:'_ &/]C_L\.?.^T^9YFU]G



M!1WOA\2V.@.^N37!@M].CF
Q*A0=Y(0''.  

M[:GK%%8WBS7O^$7\+:AK?V;[3]CB\SR?
V;^0
;L''7TK
^'OC7_ (3SPVVL





MYOD*MV]JN^!+O6;[P5IESX@69=5DC)N!-#Y+@[CC* #'&.U




A_L=
MQ.


/#)U@^&M//B *-6



^(/Q4T?P$JV\
MD;7NJ2+N2TC8+M'9G;^$?@2?2AZ;@M=CO**\ _X7)\2&/V]/ W_$JX?=]AN#






MXY%9%F.1D 



M=15--:

M*\0T7XO^-[OQ#807_@EH=-U&=(;=C%+$1N/7S&&UL#)X Z5[?3L[7%?6P445



M?&[Q?KOA#0M


=)\:Z
NI:5*2H.V6






M@D&]*!F8#^(!OE1?=NOM4$GPY^
G.

:AY+L8

!X4?:D
M1/0

M8#
P4'GL 



;W





-NVG'(S@
M9QZU)0] 3OJ!Z5XQ\)O'?B3Q-XZUW3=8U+[3:6L;M#'Y$:;2) HY503QZFO9
MSTKY6^''C#2_!/C'Q3JFJ.Y7RY$BBC&7E?S1A1_C2BUSZ]F$T^33NCZIHKP&










M=#[9I7'8]CHKY^NOC?X\TF=;S5_!2VNELV%$UM/QST'F-\I/_ :[34?C9H,
M'A:PU/38)K_4+_*P::G^L#C@A\9P ?0'/;V?2XNMCTVBOGVX^./CC1;M)]?\
M&+:Z=(Y+);SP.?8.^03C_9_*O;/#/B*Q\5^'[76=.9OL]PN0KC#(PX*GW!I

M;TZTKP(?L3JC-87



MU+I-2^TNH%S:BW;9@8^4*O'7G%=M7)_#WQK_ 
)YX;;6/[/^PXG:'RO.\WH



D7D^=Y7WL\

W[.2
;L#/3TH6M_('I;S-FBO&O$
MOQRF76Y]%\&Z%)K-W$64S;7=2PX.U$^9@#WR/;UK%7XX^-=#=)/%7@LP6KL%
M5A;S6I[YP9-P8^W'2A.^HVK:'O\ 7 Z[\2XM






M=\2XO&?C#5M)L[%H;33X_P#6RGYY'W[3P. .OJ?ITH^




M\R?^@BO8/#__ +6E_\ 7G%_Z *\?_:5_P0'H7_ %\R?^@BO8/#Y \


MD9!'7G^6*]OTWXC^!O%MN]E%K-HXN 8FMKO




./O9&


MZ+NR&^LV
3
P.#DC&[IU(/M7F?C+X 1Z+H]UJ^@:S

M( ]/Q%5*7\Z%&.MH


MRN/_ (W7D/P2\)^$_%IU:Q\0::+F_MRDD6;B6
[#D

*PS@X_.O7O^%)?#S_


64@-[



MR2)D@C!'_P!:FFN97T86=FEJ?5M%0VD_VJR@N
M?YFE'^+#U_0
M)NU.3\CZ CABB@2.-5B10JH!P .@Q7SI\:=8L]2^*NDZ+J]T8-%L5C:Y8!F
MQO.YSA03G;M' KZ/KYG^*%A81?'NR;781)I5[]G
H+
@*$;#\RD'@C/!I*[J
WO7IH^?P[(R/#^1_P!?MQ_\<K-UKX9?

MS

7LOU_

^/MEJ/A*Y$FDW\Z12)'$
M\:CS/E==K '&[#=
5VW[2?\ R+&B_P#7XW_H!K:MO!WPBTGQ;!I\
5I;ZY;3
M1O%]_/N$G#)@,^&/3CGMZUB_M)_\BQHO_7XW_H!K.=O9Q2[_J7'XV_([SX7
MZ#::!\/M(CMX%26XMTN+APN&=W 8DGOC.![N6_:%TRWN?A_'?M$IN+2Z39)




M^&U[:0W5OH0DAF02(ZWMQAE(R#_K*4+\C]65.W
EY''?%+QW\._&7@RZM;?5


H_ -C

BBBD,YOQOX-MO'.A#2;N]NK6$2K*3
M;E?F(S@-D'(YS]0*R]#N/!WPUTVT;7]-@E@&9?-F1))')Y<IDD9/Y8Q7._
M'GQCJ'AKPW9Z?ID[V]QJ3NKSH<,L:@9GL26'/IFL?P?\ -$N-'L=2U^\O+F
I+^NA\X^(K*/1OVF]



 /
MO+GT(SQZ@5V?AK48=7\

M:!
]V?Y0/UJJ^\K_ -:DT/LG/? #_DF$?_7Y-_2O4:\N^ '_ 3/_K\F_I7


@)''M7U'7SUX#_ .3E/$/^_=_^AHA
M_%7HRY?PGZH^AJLA0JI&.
)=7N5@@<+MA(W9;)IG(10/8]?K2C?F]WM^


^EJ*
M**105\Q3Z);^(/VF;FPNXA+;?;3+*A&0P2/=@^Q( KZ=KY[T+_DZC4/]^;_T
M31#^+'Y_D*;M3?R_

M''RX0G:






M7+%ITLY8'8G)8H&4$_4 5YK^S;I$
^J:UJTL2M);QQPQ
1DKNW%L?@HKO?A;
M8R6/P/A$J%6FM[B8 ^C%L'\L5RW[-/\ R#?$/_7:'^35L_XT_3]?^'





MKZC_ /037K'BZ[BL?!VM7
S!8X[*8DD_[!KR?]FK_D Z[_U]1_\ H)I0^.7I
M^HY_#'U_0YWXI:)_PDGQ\TW1R2$NH[='(ZA
L6Q^ -?1=A86NF6$%C90)!;0



=P

MRDD6;B6
[#D

*PS@X_.O7O^%)?#S_H7O_)VX_\ CE:25DETL2G=M];GCEAX
M@T/3/C[9:CX2N1)I-_.D4B1Q/&H\SY77:P!QNPW3%=M^TG_R+&B_]?C?^@&M


M73[1U


MSO&
%V W(Y]QM(S]/2NZ\3:JVN? :\U208DNM($K@?WBHS^N:Y?]I#4H(_#.
MDZ9O4W$UWYX3/(15()_-A6]JMC)IO[.DEI




M5_@%.FB^.O$.@W9V7;J54'C+1.0P^O.?P-:?\O$WOR_C_P 


;5
B



C\#Q3C;EE

M281_]?DW]*Z'XI:A#IOPSUZ69POFVK0)GNS_ @?K7._ $@?^
DX NYLD_A








R3.*4),N#G(5AN7/0\=:AO/!GP_P#B5;-JR6EO=%W9#?6;



_#C7;OQ


MIO )[GJ
_2O/? _A\^,^MZIKGB75[E8('[82-V6R0J9R$4#V/7ZTVGSNV]


M7XW_ * :Z7Q59RW_ 





NK:
M&]M)K6XC669DB.
AE(P017AO[-/_(-\0_]=H?Y-7N];5=DO(QIO=^9\Z?
M


MI!X(SP:A7?LO3_
MV7M3U*S^



TQ8AB,6L07Z;!BMN)^$WB&'Q#
M\.M+D23=/:1UG4D$JR#'/U&#^-=M6U3XV8T_@2L[7M2&C^'M1U
@'[);23
M8/?:I/\ 2LKQ_P*%\'^#+_5@RX1-ELKC(:4\*



B.O?YCN!_7]*F/Q3MY?J)_!#



M%-%/XWZ






MXY!D.%!'M)G/UKH?V?/#[V7A6\UZY&;C5)CM8]3&A(S^+%OTJK+VCDMDK_?M

4W^[^:/H@@$$$ @\$&OG#

7%VBI(Q
DI !+89




M

M7-?;4[?5/AEHCP,8(!;R#/*NG!!_0_C792.D4;22


















@!_=G\L41UJ07F#=J<FNQ] 6-C:Z98PV5E!'!;


M&YNIP@Y/O7KWA3_D3]%_Z\8/_0!7D'[1
\5]X3\.7UNVZWFF9T8@J2&0$'!Y







M-&T



=#C)-=GJ

)[X!HKIA


MO_=;_P!&FNQ_: _Y)B__ %^0_P!:X[X_P#)0O%?^ZW_ *--=C^T!_R3%_\
MK\A_K4S_ (4/1?F5#^+/U?Y_ ?P_9Z;\/;?5$@47NHL[RRD?
55BJKGTXS^




M2M!T'QOH.E:'96UHL
2-
D*@$DOQN/4G [^OO4QM[2'JARO[.5NS/;OBOS\+
M/$!_Z=O_ &85@_ #_DF$?_7Y-_2M[XK?\DKU_P#Z]?\ V85@_ #_ ))A'_U^




M6FFVMH46[EL98F9EP%#

M/@G=F
'UT


YKZDHIQ?+)20
7#3Q

M-;7











4D'A
8Q/_ 'R

I6;F2W\PX5P1AD)[9P.?:O,M*\6?&/PC8PZ(?DM\
MEL@2.26PEGVJ.@WQ
%./QKZ










<)P #QM4$<YS7T-X(D

G7EWJ_B#Q-<0%(;D^7&YZ




X&2QS_3W^BJ3UYG
MN3;2RV*.JZ5;:OHEWI5PN+:Z@:!PO92




[V]UI[@8



M7&

= UFZ_:$T34[?2;^:PC:VWW4=L[1+@G.7 P
?6O=*






M1VZ9%8^*_C1XMMWTJ#PY_97F@))=_9)+9E4]3NE;'_?(SZ=JS]+\5^(?@SXK
MO=+\1PZAJ.C3'%L[3%@%&=K1[OEZ8!7CMZ5T^H?M(^'TLY#INCZG+=8^1;E8


















;

EB5. !W-:%%*2YD




12I;ZK
M:Y-M
++Q!\9_ ]I'I4GAY]5ABRD
MC6KW6%&
?-$P./3=S^7$+^#?B1\5M8M+CQ7&=*TJ+#!&7R]@/79%DMN/JW_U
MJ^C:*=];O472RT*FEZ9:Z-I5KIME'Y=M:Q+%&OH 
?G5NBBAN[NQ)6T057OK





MM)OK\1+-YAM;9Y=F2F

<SO;W6GN!B5%P0<$C/WCW!';K7O/Q0_Y)CXB
M_PO-ZY7]GK_ ))L_P#U_2_R6E'64WZEHH+U_(XS4-4^
7Q$M'T5]!.D6DI

8\Q_;V'0?\






MSZ=
:]8^$]G<O\++32=9TVZM9(Q+;307<#1ED+$]& R&Z_6



MMW;*=?TI=0U#XQ_$:S;2'T/^R+*4[)V\A[4
O^T9&+%?4+UKZ)HI[Z/46SNM

ML(VMM]U';.T2X)SEP





M/7_)-G_Z_I?Y+5#XD_C5;OQ$OB_P9/Y.K!A)+ '%G ^^C'C)Z$'@_GGH_@

J6D;=[_FSP#_A

M)V9R...RC@8'IBO:Z*E.SOU*:NK=#SSXUZ;?:K\-[FUTZRN;RX-Q$1#;Q-(Y







W=AI-_=VT*P^;-!
M;/(B8F).Y@





MZ?=6


5Q]H?3Y(2.V


3? ES!


M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %



MO8]2TVUOH5=8KF)9D#@!@& (SCOS5FJ::=F)--704444AA1110 4444 %%%%



P%/KE?''Q TCP#:6EQJL5W,+J0I&EJBLW R20S+QT_.N)_P&CO!__0-U





8



MUM-4@OIYKF







MKNDEE8*JCW)KS*__ &@_!5G=&&%=3O5'_+:WMU=?]ME/Z47UL.VESU6BN=\
M+^.O#GC&.0Z+J*3R1\R0LI211Z[3@X]QQ714VK3N%%%%( HHHH ***1F5%+
M

CT+LN?J



M@$CMZT+6]N@/2WF:M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !117(^
?B5X:\$
L.JW4CW;

MLU=K5-6)3N%%%%(84444 %%%% !115*+5].FU:72XKR&2^AC\V6!&RR+G +8




M\UB\CFDM[1-[K 7(SC@$@=_6DVEJP2OHC3HK \'^+;#QKH*ZQIL-S%;F1H
M]MRJJ^5Z\*Q&/QK?JFK;B33VBBBD,**** BLSQ#KEMX:T\UB\CFDM[1-[
MK 7(SC@$@=_6J?@_P 6V'C705UC38;F*W
C1[;E55\KUX5B


P&.#WK@/^&CO!_P#T

FG2.2UUBW5NLLMO&57Z[7)_(5W_AOQCH
M'BVV:;1-2ANM@R\8RLB?[R'!'UQBJLQ7-RBBBD 4444 %%%% !1110 4444

O%=!I][

MVOA;Q[X;\9*XT744FFC&7@=2DBCUVGDCW&132OL#T.DHHKC/%GQ2\*^#IVM=




XD)QSZ

M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H


J
M6)8


MZOH?PM_MCQ9:M#J5C;.TZ
ZEI2N0IX.

;S:!Z2Y?*Y2U/6M*T6..35=3LK!)0C74ZQ!CZ#<1FK0GA-N+@



C-#;CSHT)R(V#;7 ]CD?E6#\




M&69KB2-=W?:J

#ZY-)7:YN@.R?+U.]T/Q-HGB2!IM&U2VO54 L(G!9
]-R]
M1^(K0NKJWL;62ZN[B*WMXEW22RN$1!ZDG@OG+XA^ KCX5:C9^+?-W/%:K*


MT!)\RB^IU&H^-?#.EZ


N_C%X LIS#+XCA9@
YA@EE7_


&:2\F#
?4A6 _2DKM7&[)V.OT/Q1H7B2)I-&U6UO=H!98



T
@;:?


6=8L%+P;1S*G\4?]1[_6LCX3_$ZWO/!EY;^(+GRKS0XLS/(?FD

M1GJ*P_&-AX)U[2K)_%=S8-8%_


M&(X



6
+3@B=Y%D51DA@['MGICFM


M6M





G@4 4-;UFR\/Z-=:KJ

!ZB-0QX]ACD]R37IGB.]NOC'\0$\+Z7*Z^&=+DWWUPG2


M1]@W


0)9 #^B5W_







C=OP&!^!KA



M8.


M
J%V[A[@$UYS\'?ASH%]X*/B35K.+4;RZ

M)5)'W3P22


\1^-?@LMQH
MNK:/]JTF5V\MF)$98]XY0!G&=I&?85.W,NK6A6ZC;H]3;\+_#?2?%_P.2YC
ML(TUM/M#P7,28D=E=L(V/O XQSG':NY^ECXGTGPE+IOB.QGMD@E!L_.8%MC


#Q7$_'&*.#X1WL
M4,:QQI+ JH@P%'F#@ =*REHKO^MC1;V1?^__))]$_W9?_1KUWM<%\%_^23Z

M+

'DC Z\UY]\
]
U+1_CQ:6.KMNU&



3)X
M@U3]U;I&






M?\(O





@K



M9++'!$\LTB1QH-S.[ !1ZDGI7%W?Q@\ V5U]GE\1V[/ZPQ22I_WTBE?UKR_X
MFZOJOQ ^)=OX TFY

MBCXBTO3O!&NV#ZO90:E+8N([9[E5E8

FK);I'(@B90-RY!4
MG^+UJ9V<+K;9^0XW4[/?H<Q\%+;P/#-W/XE;0&U&2[*(FIR1%A&%7&U9.@R




D9PV.#^'6LI.RN:)7=B/7_ ![X5\






]E^,WP_AN&@;Q%&75MI*6\S+^#!"/?-
M=7I.N:5KUL;G2=1MKV$':S02A]I]#CH?K7&?\*.^'WD>7_8C[L8\S[9-N^OW
M\?I7EFAZ3+\-OV@;/1=.NI9+*Z94(



Q7

@W))&P96'J.*666.)Y9I$CC0;F=V 
MCU)/2OG_ 




@
O#\

EC\/M)N?C7-X

]#ZU:U




=Q#$\D;CJK!U(/YUUNA_ OPO-X;B.MQ7-WJ]S'YD]Y]H=661N3@9



RQ*6ZXR



)PULZJVX C^)6&/F/:OG'X9_#K2/&?BG6]+U&YOHH+$$Q-;NB








M\SOM(^*/@G7+@06/B&U
I8*J3!HQ/0#S N?PKKZ\*^)_P &O#.E^#KW6=@



L&DZY;3SL2%A;



MN$






M)R['T?7+Z]\1O'AJY-MJNNVT-PIVM@:5T/7YE0$K^-8GQD\8S^$?!+-8N4
MO[]_LT

M7KHOA!_R2K0?^N+?^AM13VGZH*F\/1_F:DWP^\&SQF-_NC 'NEE&A_, &O
MOB'X

6\I^NPGJR


M

()



MP8'GKC&:[


C  Q@NJ
M\3? /PK?:3*-MY=

MI9)J


QY;R'YS'G:5/J5


T39




26SGWPG<?O
M+L\Q&..,CI^)IQ5Y<KW$]N9'2_M)_P#(L:+_ -?C?^@&NZM?&'A[PKX+T-];
MU6WL]UA51B6=AL49+EC^ KA?VD_P#D6-%_Z_&_] -1^ /A#9^(-%MO$'C5
MKC4+J[A3R+9I6C6*$# [2#G&.




MYQ7EWB)]1^
7Q6G\

IKV'PEX.TGP7IL]
MAI$;K!+.TQ\QMS9..
]P 

3R^)


MES'





F^@7T

M=V;R%8[4=2-P'^RP;IVKZ5DD2*-I)'5$4%F9C@ #J2:^;O%^H2?&;XG6&AZ)




I

M7Q



X=;5BI]#OJ;V

^*CMT7







MJ7?8];T[XM^ ]4N?L]MXCMED/3[0DD /;[TBJ/UKLU8

I _G7SI\'_'6F?#R^U?
M1_$T

FO^2-6\6?882/









XKTB#XZ^ 9;-9Y-4GAD*Y

M?\1_B9#%X3N;O3M'AVK+D*0L0;+2.NX] /P]:(WYTD-NT6R?\ :169++PR
MK$F-3

MM_%^A77A_P 'QSWD)B
]_=F

M%\3]/S%/[*]?R/4:***!GF7Q[_Y)9=?]?
/_ *%6A\%_^23Z)_NR_P#HUZS_
M (]_\DLNO^OF'_T*M#X+_P#))]$_W9?_ $:].G\

M


MR1C3^'[_ 
L7'QT\ 0VC31ZK-<2!<B.TE#D^F64+G\:4;<BD]V.



MCJ

<=


MG\!7 ?&*74(/C;9S:5&TFH1Q6[VZ*
EG!) QWZ=*7P2IQ?33\&-OFC-KK_F?


.
D;L.!A1U_/B7%R:BBE)
M).3/9O#'F?\ H=-\W._^QESG_KEQ7F_[-C[!XA;'S&6$9_!J]FU&.U\-W

MUJ(.SE%];?@:3UC%KI?\3Z6KYUN

MEW+J=WM/EP);R1@MVW



M*RQS#)2!OX3GNW4_AZ57,W)=/Q?8J_*K=_R[G4?C^PO^%=Z;_PC^?LVT^;
MOQYGG?Q[\=\_ICM7#_M)_P#(L:+_ -?C?^@&N?T^N?@G\3+C0]2DD;P[J+!
MHYFZ*I.%D^H^ZWY^E;_[2+*_A;1&4@J;QB.A&PTZKYDIKJU_P 
337*W%]$

M

M'B;14UC6WU6]NPLCR-N.S#@8#


MH


G'_31_F8?AG'X5U-:323Y5LM#.+;]Y]=0KS+XY
M^([_ 

SRRQP0O--(L<: LSN<!



MO

WU\WA1V';\ZZC_AH[P?_ - W7/\

 ' SCD
7J%U;FZ'&?M
M)6Y?PKH]P <1WI0GTW(?_B:]2\)7*WG@W1+A<8DL86X_W!67\2_[^+O FH:
M9 





MV1@VT?7&*Y/X5_$7PW#\.[&SU36+.PO-.0PRPW


]A [S6RDD[-K@?JK+GZ5[A7B'P?MI?





M.X(I&YF(SV&
YJJBLFHDP=VG+0;^S3_R#?$/_7:'^350\=HK_M*Z K#(WVA_





3
4))S&Z@$@@DX.*

. .1G'0BG_


MF:V^W)K:WXZ6

M\;_KL94_A05\\Z?_ 
G7W'_75_\ TFKZ&KYYT_\ Y.ON/^NK_P#I-44_XJ]'

Z3JOQ)^*$OCS4K=H--MYO
A!SAF481%/?;P2

5Q+;1
BLMNJLY+$ 8#$#OZT_AIQ4M_ZL#UJ-K^N


Q] V



3R





M\D]N_P#L(R?^@)7KM;5?B^[\D90V^_\ 


8XXQ6Q
MX\^-7@^Z\(ZCI^DW+ZG=7D#P*GV=T1-P(W


MV9APQ4'Y54'NV0?Y[_P)\

Z1L

J;0%)';/)^F*\L\!Z


V<?2N/B\

X+L#6:5X5$O+\F4W:I3?K^:/ ?AKX1\9^);^E\*^)!I<<
J
MK/%]MF@+DC@XC4@]^M=Q_P *L^+_ /T/O_E8N_\ XBL/3+[4/@3\0[RVO[2:
MXT.]X5T'

#@%H_K@9KU3Q_\/]-\




]

M8 =/3ZTH.SE%];?@5/6

% ]J^??VA/^
M1O\ W^ZW_HQ:^@E^Z/I2A_#^;%+^)\D+1110,#TKY\^ O\ R4+Q7_NM_PC

MIG[0'_)
7_Z_(?ZUL_!Y%3X4Z$%&




A2OZTHVY%^(YWYWYZH\WU#X&_$;6)H9=5\3
M6%\\7^K:ZO[B4H.^-T9Q7T;$I2%%8Y95 )]Z^?;/Q]XO^(_Q
AB\)W-WIVCP

ME-P0.1A)!^*$'ZYKI?C]XE2Q\#V^DV\F9M6D&-IZQ+AB?Q.T?C6]\9?#7_





MSP^HSY9FF)]

.G3M2@E[RZWN.=_=?2UB)_A3\79$9'\=AE88*G5[L@C_OBN

UYJ
Z


M'9Z7L.DV9CQL\A-N/3:



MC@@KN/0#\/6B-^=)#;M%LG_:169++PRK$F-3

MA-N/3:

O!3P62;]0LW^T6Z]W(!#+^(/Y@5Q'PY^-6DZ;H


M%:#\/](TO4]:\B\MXV66/[+

M[#X6ZC&S 27;QP1@GJ2X)_132S_'+X?0Q%TUJ2=AT2.SF!/_ 'TH'ZUY/KNL


MDD[@@WEU+



T_\ A5GQ?_Z'W_RL7?\ \16?



'M
M;O)Y=6NE-RK7

M1W9V96R=R#/0\YKF_':+)^TKHN,C?:''T8FNM^=QXSU73[K6/$FHW
VGS

QEGG9KJ6!I%+GC,8).
M#ZUWW_K/B__ -#[_P5B[_^(K,\26^I_!WXKOXEMK5Y]%U1V.. RN<O&3V




M6B3K)W9J_'BW


_P .



M81C


7%N+.1\&XU/
M]IK6[J

XW

*Y3]G

MNCZ5XG^TG_R+&B_]?C?^@&HJ=/5#I_H;/B@NO[-X

)G]
UY7\/

MD10L1U&8@

M!RMRZGME%%%2

5VF

 8Y#CIET(;]:30/


MD6/_ +]AMGX8KMJ*/


8QGKTJQ10];I]0\S!\


MX:;X.^ )KLW+^'(1)D'3RHG'^P&_ABNLTO1]-T2T%KI=A;65OG/EP1A 3Z

]<=J?


MG_$'@CPYXIM+6UUC2X[B&U)


]\9&?SJ9IN+2'&R

H_M.BBUP.

@Q@S
MN\X&.X$C
!79*H50J@!0







MD\^1]^6W'AF('/H*Z&BCS#?0:SHBLS



MWC6*)



[/


BB@ H(R,'I110!QNJ??P-K%V;J[\.V_G
26

MQ= B8K/(RL






MC\*M+T;P];7'B'P[;?VZ)&+M.PGV@
=A W
@.
=*]4 P
N#VSBDTG:XT[$&FVQLM*L[1CDP0)&3_ +J@?TJ+5M$T
MO7;46VJZ?;7L(.0D\8< ^HST-7Z*J3YG=DQ7*DD<1:?#P#977VB+PY;L_I-


.
M?49Z&N7M/A!X!LKK[1%X;MV?TFEDE3_OEV*_I7;T4;!Y#(88K:%(8(DBB0;4


I&


T:21.


M!?TKMZ*/







UBU^TV;



MV


5^AZC\*TZ*+7 XS3
M?A-X$TFY%Q:^'+8R#&#.[S@8[@2

M


M H)P
GI12



M/0BN)N_@]X O;DW$OAR!7/:&:6)?^^48+^E=Q11Y@9-CX7T'3=.GT^QTBSMK









!O#EQXJ3Q/+IV
M[6$(*W/GR#&%VCY=VWI[5T-%'6X=+!7._P#"^&_^$L_X2G^SO\ B=9W?:?/
MDZ[=GW=VW[O'2NBHHV=P\C$\2^$=\7VT%MKMC]KB@?S(U\UX]K8QG*
.U1:
MYX'\
T<C

IJ]110W<$K;!1110!6O].LM5LWL]0M(+
MJVD^]%
@=3^!KD%^#W@!;W[6/#D'F;BVTS2E
_[F[;CVQBNXHH\P\BO96%II





\&O8Z9Y
7GF?RD\XKL





R'U

M\.V_F@@@SN\P!'(($C




9RC#M6W11N
M!!8V5OIUA;V-I'Y=M;QK%$F2=JJ


XXQ/+)
O_ 'R[$?I7:PPQ6T*0
MP1)%$@VHB*%51Z #I3Z*+@%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !2
RHI9B%4#)). !2U\^_%;Q5JWC#QK%\/?#TC+#Y@BN64X\U^I#'^XHZ
M^I!]!2UNHK=CZ-O9'?Z[\;/!&ARR0_VA)J$\9P8[&/S!^#DA#_WU5/2OCYX(



MV]]:Q75I/'/;RJ&CEB8
K ]P1UJ:OG#X9ZYJGP[^)
_@75YBUC/.8DS]U9#R




M_ -F@#:HHHH **J:AJNG:3!Y^I7]K90]/
N9EC7\V(HT_5=.U:#S]-O[6]A_




ML&4
I!4C(([UX)\=[VZ7QMX6L5N91:

M=K*R

=IY)/)HCJVNRN$M$GW
EGD*/J2<4 6**I:=K&F



M2'=N^[\P7:


PKY


MUBPU[2K?5-
G\^SN 6BDV
NX D=& (Y!ZBO._P!H#_DF+_\ 7Y#_ %K7^$TT


20RI(AZ
C @_B* 'T444 %%%% !16


MI_Y!OB'_ *[0_P FHCK)KLK_ (BD[)/N['N]%%8UWXO\
V$Y@O/$6DV\P&3'



TDTTEW&SR2


M;:X27!]/E)]10!?KG;;QWX;O/%
GAJ#4M^L1LRO;^1(
%1D_


MFZ2
GZ!B/45H0S17$2RPR))&W*NC @_0B@9GZ_XATOPQI3ZGK%U]FLT94:3R


29ZXVYS0!JT4 Y&1THH **

XPBGM6K:74-]9P7


M-US2-95FTO5+&^G#&UN$EQ]=I/J*N:M)I=82O%2?4OT44CNJ(7=@JJ
DDX


^NZ8M[G'V8W<8DSC.-N<T :M%%
M% !169J/B30M'E6+4]:TZRD;E4N;I(R?H&(]:O6UU;WDSVL\4\+#*R1.&4C
MV(H EHHIDTT5O\T\J11(,L[L%51ZDF@!]%4M.UC3-8A:;3-1M+Z)3@O;3K*
M ?3*DU=H **** N#F^


?/AS4_C9XIN_$/B

^;!;
MJ%^GSLI_2NE\
?%+PEXLN$M=.U
E6[3X<^[*V


FF:E9


M21D_0

#]*?0
**I:CK.EZ




MC3M=TR\F SY=O=QR-CZ*30!JT444 %%%% !137=8T+NP55&2S'  K-L?$N@Z
HJAXN\*6/C




M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110


9
M
@)XWX 5T)P#P.WX?2




V*J84/*J2RMCC^$ 8]ZA^.

MKWA_4)KC2IY!&XD[XY\N4#@@C. ._3O]!6_B**]\')XALX)KB.2S^U1P1*6
M=OESL '4YXKD?CI&C_C4BP!*2PLOL?

MGA461CD_2A:PDF]OU!JTHM+?]#S#PUX*\0?%_P 1:AJGBZ]OK.UMGVB':596

:CW

%=0^WBK3=7T'4IY+2<GRS)@

U]2H L:J.@  KQ/]I-1_PC6BMCD7C#/_   U






*/Q) KR[]GG098]'U/Q-=9:?49O+C=NI522Q_%B?^^:;^T)K4DEAI'A

M+Y?YES^S'Y_Y&M1110!YW\7_ !Y/X)\





N--U$36ERACECW6*[E/;(((_O0_@MX9UWPIX1NM/UZT
M-K


MG!


T+7]G'1I+'=J

I8\]]W/M7-^%-2USX0_$B'PEJUT;C1;R15C)SLPYP

M&\8KX(\'W.JJJ/=

M?


!AN0-DA5W A5 'H<FOIAT66-
MHW4

M+X06V\6VTT5[;R&.*2=U9Y8\#!;!/(Y'/)Q7D-M\9?B'X2E2#Q1HYN(P2I-W





Z*?^GUO_0#5'P]\-;WXHV
/B?QEJUY%#.N+

M'_? H@ERR?G^@3?O17E^I\Y^-?#%W\%O%^E:KH&H7$EM


+KV^L[6V?:(=I5E9AD)&K<( 

MCKG-=7JG[-^@M82_V5J^I1W@4F


M[_Y




_




XP.W-9O[0G_(W^%O\ =;_T8M5/

MM&;TC47:Y[KJ_P#R K[_ *]I/_037RU\+].U_P 7VEYX1TV].GZ5)(+K4KI







MRUYG






MR1W#L
GTKZH\0?\BOJG_7G+_Z :4[^QN]
MU?\ ((/]]9;-+\['RW\,_A5_PL*ROKO^VOL'V258]OV7S=^1G.=ZXKTC]HY/
M+\)Z$F<[;LC/K^[--_9J_P0#KO_ %]1_P#H)J3]I/\ Y%C1?^OQO_0#55M$
MEZ

MG
MHEK)M6./E4)Z)&IXW8ZL?4?AZ%\0)9(OV=U



M!+XK\
1M]UHV4_0NM?0B +&JCH  *4$O9W\V$G[]O)'RUXR\*ZA\%O%6FZOH




_P!I-1_PC6BMCD7C#/\ P UZ7I.FVVL_#K3]-O$WVUUID44BYQE3& :6


MZ;13NG;ET#57YM3V_P $3:]/X0L&\2VS0:LJ%)PS*2V#@
=O&2


(\(3WAFL+J41.O1'W+E)




O\R/PK-_:$U28^']+\.V8:2ZU*YW&)!E







N]1D .C*%P02.WX\5ZO\'(EB^%&AA1]Z-V/U
C&KOQ0&?A






^/8_
MXM;=?]?

UUO$?@O2M9FVK)
.&_
M4&O$+ZXU[XX^.+S2K&^:R\
6#?

_.S$9 /  _/NOA_-)!^STDR-

?%&M^$_'
OPZ\2W'V




M*Q;KUK(O_ACXN^'GC*QO/ SWNHVTGSLN0N I&4E/D'/'3OQQFJ:+\8OANA
MBTYKNYT^(@@6I%W$1[1D%E'K\H_K6[X?_:&O+:^6P\7:
(B'V23VP9&C_P!Z

MY?[W7/:OG#P%\-/^$W\0ZKI7]K_8O[/!/F_9O


M!^%/PNLH()4N;Z&&.QM7=-H=PN-Y7)X !.
^@KSKP9\(+SQ_9#Q1XRUB^W7H
MWPI&P
_ [UZ)J?[..BIHL[:?JVHMJ21EHS,4,3
ML!T*A<@'ZUC_  3A1_B[XHE(^9$G_C

_RKZ';[I^E2U:E'O9#O^\EY
^6/

M3J

A_P%?0%U_QYS?\
I/6JJ:SBGUM?[A07*I-=#KM&
M_9TTZ:Q6?Q'K.H2ZE+\\OV1T558\D9=6+'WXKG/$/AK7/@9JUKKV@:G)=Z/<
M2B*6;C)QG:X'!R <





/KY9']:F*O5



E\6_!6;P9I[^)?!NM7RW&
MGJ9GCF9?
VCDE64#H

MYKS.:']H.X@DAE4-'(I1U/V#D$8(KH_@;X+\2^#SK2:]8&TCN?)

MY^XQQU'6KAU3VZ$RZ-;GL%%%%2




MVO\ B.YE -QY48W'K\S


T*5IKLW9AR\T6NIVOQ[_ .2677_7S#_Z




#[&I
]TOQ!X<U6[\IIMBM*1YD;@9P6
M4 ,I /&.W?-?0D.IC6O 2ZH%VB[TWS]OINCSC]:\Y_:/_P1'TW_ +*_P#H
MMZ[/PO\ \D@TS_LI_Z*I2UHSOT_R925JD6NO^9\[?#;3/$'C&UN?!^F7?V'



!+$QSA@R@9'8C
M%;EO\4?BKXF;S= \)QQVC M'(;5V4CC_ ):.P5C] *YGQ]I_Q2D\(-J/C/4%
M2P69%%H7C#



MY3?








M^?OA%/LC,0LA@DF (SUDRJ#\NM9?BFS^,.I^%-4OO$EXEEI,49DEMBT2%US
M]T


M7TN/;A:YKQQ\&_$-KXFN/$G@:\*2S.96MTG


M_6R(IW=.RW_2[+FL?LX:)_9DS:-JNI+?*I

MG9:+=:?XJL[J.WB*M92W3@O@YRF

MU[:%







J/EC;UQT
M%?0=-ZI-[]1+1M+8*Y+XH?\ )

N'Q(\

MX2'P_J5^S6DB&5;AU+ %@ RLJK@@D5VW[.\*)\.YY%'S27\A8_14%=%\8O\
MDE&N_P#7)/\ T8M:5GRZK?3]:/ONSVU_4\R\+:?XA^-UA?$&JSVFAZ:JP




MUN30/#.F?VMJ:

W^%?(Q_:NL


UR$-AXBTOX[:%#XGU!;S56N8&DE
M20L IZ+T&..P&.:(7]HEW%-KV;\CU_X]_P#)++K_ *^8?_0JU/A(ZQ?70Y'
M8*BP.S$]@':LOX]_\DLNO^OF'_T*JOAJ62']FMI(LB1=)N2N/^!U=H5&O+\

MKUSP7X7A\&^%K31(9C.(-Q:4C&]F8DG';KTJ7P?&D/@O0XT&%6P@ '_ !6U6
MD_=DXK;_ ,H/FBI,*QO%FA1^)?FIZ/(JG[3 RH6&=KXRI_ @&MFBLY*ZL:
M)V=SPW]GC7'BM]7\*7A*7-G*9XXV/(&=KC\& _[ZKV?4]0@TG2KO4;IML%K$

_;-$O2ODN<X0.2%=0?N_-PR].]3_\
M9#_Y_L^N?\0^!OC%XKO+6ZUS3OM4UJ
1.)[2



N]1D .C*%P02.WX\5ZW\)_$]SX
ML\ 65]?/YEY$S6\TG]]E/#'W((S[U8^**AOAAXA!&?\ 0V/\JY3]GXD?#*8C

!]
M[!X4?3US71R_LY:''9[K#7-5BU%!F.9RA0..AVA01S_M5B?L['S_ !)XGN9N

MX;=


M8OMUZ-\*1L#*R=F+




M=
FL#X_\E\5_[K?^C378_M ?\ )
7_ .OR'^M*;?LH^=G^(0_B2\FU^!YW

MX=U.^;[$RM*EPR[U&0 Z
H7!!([?CQ7J_P '(EB^%&AA1]Z-V/U
C&KOQ0&?



$3L2!^&:Y&P
M\1:7\=MA\3Z@MYJK7










MN#&/F1
[E?Z Y_.O7]&T73?#^F1:=I5I':VD0^6-!^I/4GW/-7719$9'4
C#

M8N#/';76FNS;F%C*%4_\!8










^]*%^3YL)6Y_DCSSXP?$



M/TGX9:+HGC:Z\56%S?QW=R7














ML

M4H[K6_F.]Y-RVVMY'+_#[QK:^.?\.HQ%4NDQ'=PC_EG(!S^!ZC_ .M7@6M^
M)9/7[0FIZRD

M25&AQG(&-@/';G/UKR[2(8KG]J'5()XTDBD






F .A[8JEHOP)\$:1<+/);76I.K;E%
M]

I

9(8


M%\ 7%W-I5S?S/=*J/\
M:I$8  DC 55]:/%/PL\)^+[A[O4-/
=ZZD&ZMG\MSQU/9B/4@T;.ZU0+568W

M]\3:'HNFZU:ZKJMG8RR31R)]JF6(.

MXG]H6)=BS16DRB



MD?W;F[?S'!]0.%!]P!7;TU:*=MV)W;7D%%%%(9XE^TG_ 
BQHO\ U^-_Z :]



MM;6&W0DI$@12W7 &.:(Z1:\[_@5+5I]E;\3P+]I7_C\\-?[L_P#..O2OB=:W

M6_NCTKKT0)$L8Y51MY]*5KTW'SN/FM-2[(\(^!'C+POI'A:YTO4+^TTZ_P#M

M;F/E9KY_

4D_

;=W7G[
MW6G:K\-=&UCQS9^+;BYOUO[4QE(XY$$1V'(RI/?UIIKF@^W_!%*+:FN_P#P
M#$^/?_)++K_KYA_]K6^$'_)*M!_ZXM_Z&U;7B[PI8^


M[7



M
WCG5WE?


6TB*IY!YW*?





I''(@B.PY&05)[^M*.DXR[?Y!)7A**ZG95X







MUZ996-KIMG%:65M%;VT0VQQ1(%51[ 4HV3YNHW=KEZ'@?[0G_(W^%O\ =;_T
M8M?02_='TKC_ !C\-M&\;ZE87VI7-_%+8@B




D

M;'X9:+I_CV;QC%=7[:C
SLT3R(8@6&#@;

P+D$D\

A*OCO@C\


M.(\'?:OBG\:7\5O:M'I.G$
F\=-H/EK_ +V?F/I^5?1=4=(T;3M!TZ/3]*LX
MK2TC^['&
#ZGN3[GFKU/1)16R%JVY/J%%%%(9XE\9HV\+^-?_CJ-BL$H@N
M0G5@

M71]3:9('=7#P



MZ
GY5UOP(T32_ IU.Y4_:M6F-PS-U*#A?SY/_ JZGQMXTCQ[I]M::K)=1+
M;R^;');
JN1@C+*1@_3L*ZQLH-.T^WL;9-D%O$L4:^BJ
#^5*'NQ:_JU[_




7F:SE51(
MQ[D
K 'Z8K7U3X=:/JW@:T\)3W%\FGVNS9)'(OFG9TR2I'?TJ6KTU'JK?@4F



K8^@(%=#XP^
M'.C^-=
T_3]2N;Z*&Q.8C;R*&/R@?
65L\JG[R7?3\!02BWVU_$V/G_(GZ
M+_UXP?\ H KB?CW_ 
DLNO\ KYA_]KT33[*/3=-M;&%G:*VB6%Y!8A0 
X
M[\5E^+OECXST31M1EN8K=W5RUNRJ^5.1RP(_2BM[[;7?\ 6XJ2Y8I/HOT.


RT2'_A'%<,YG@RT<0&Q8$89CT!SV]#6
MFG[/'@M+SSVGU9X]Q;R&N$V8]




UQ)L0@C;O'!R<< ]OI79
MZG\ /!.H3^;FH:?DDE+2X&TY]G5L?ABMOPO\)O/A.YCN[*P:XO8Q\MS=OY
%_
CVV@:'9Z3:-*UO:1*-I6W



M5?Q9_NS?^CQ7T&WW3]*X[PM\-=&\(^(=0UJPN;^2YOPPE6XD0H-S;CM 4'KZ




M0&'N*XSXC?&R*PEM--\%74-_?M






MR/C?X3N?$_@?S;&-I;O3I?MQJ,ETP0X'OCG\*R/A5\7-NO#-GI&NZA#I^H
M648A#W+A(Y47A2'/ .
 @GMFO8JX'Q)\&_!OB:YENIK&2RNY3EYK%_++'.22

@%4K)/S)=W8=1112
M&8_BG0(/%'AC4-&N
!+J(JK?W&ZJWX$ UX-\+?&S?#;6[_P?XL#VEN9\I*P)


'Q'\%FR^

[-V/^!9KT#P_X7T7PK8_8]%T^

M#_UQ;_T-JVO%WA2Q\9Z!)HVHRW
5N[JY:W95?*G(Y8$?I5CPWH%KX7\/VFBV

M?AC_ 



:5!IVJ3W<,,,PF5K5U5BV.=RMQR


M^XJ7IR\OV2U]KF^T8NF_$;P3=:9#/!XCTJWBV#$
URD3H


M7;,?W







M\G1ZC_UVN/\ T6:^B:XNQ^&6BZ?X]F\8Q75^VHS
[-$\B&(%A@X&S/ZUVE$=

!@C#$9Y!Y'6N(^










X[8KM+3]GCP7;7 DEFU:Z0?\LIKA I_[
GZ5916EK']V.)<#/J3U)]SS2C9/F!W:Y2]1112&<7\5




J&U=5))&.=RMQ70:?91Z;IMK8PL[16T2PH7(+




M^266?_7Q-_Z%5CXX_P#))]5_WX?_ $:M=1X2\*V/@S0(]&TZ6XEMXW9PUPRL



H9F!_G6=\?9$C^%\Z,P#274*KGN<Y_D#6W\(T:/X5Z &&8&/X%V(J8I.






MM.NU+6]U$T


MX[?F16W-^SQX+DNS

G^L

@6OA?P_::+92326UJI5&

K3;KE
ME9LD 'E5 QQZ41TYK];!)7Y;=+GAL5[)\&OC+?27T
QT/4]Q5T&1Y;-N# =R

0LUU(
M(TF51@



74(^YL8WP\)W.@^%+G5+Z%H;C5'5T1AAA
M$H.TD=LDL?IBN6T+_DZC4/\ ?F_]$U] 8&!TKC;3X:Z-9^/YO&4=S?G492Q


E63W4OB339@HR([6X6=V]@J$FO
MG6T\6?\ 7?';2]<DC
$


M-E-282U@X]RU\54:3X7^(0HR1:D_@?TKA_@/XHT*T\II=WJUE;7XO7V\

$$5YHGP%\'P:W#J=K)
MJ=L895E2WCN%

M27-@=.E:0K$LC^
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%5O[1L1J0
MT[[;;_;C'YOV;S5\W9G&[;G.
]\59H **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH



MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB




PY!4]








MSO9EL;G[++'YZ@X!W


M2OBS%X-N8]'TJT&H:[








?&6
ML3Z9\/-'S#'D?:9(PSX[



M3B
Q.C'@%A]UE)QR







M!)_

X..M8?PM\5:AX


MZ5/WFUZ6'47+;^NA]-45R_COQSIO@/0_[0O@TLTAV6ULAPTK_7L!W/\ 7 KR
M6+Q7\;/&$*ZGH&F)8V#Y







/KFN47P#\:-8B6_N?%K6<SJ;<ZE+$5]BL2[ :]'F^


%2Z8+N0$X5@R\
F?7D?ABO?.V:^?/VCYK:XU/P]80*)-1

DC'U5


9=5YQT'O4_\ PAOQS_Y^


=)T6_C\
M8R7CW3W :$W5X+@[-HZ$
V!GM69\2_&.N#Q3I7@?PK.MMJ=_AYKHC)B0YQC/
M3@

(]*:98[RWO V5STVEF8CZ@

M7=L#&68\DGUKRSX/:-=ZI/J?Q UE
ZAK$A%N#_RSA![?7  ]E'K7K-.W+&SW
MW?\ E\E^(KW=UMLO\_F%%%%(8455U/4;72-


$C^'![]:5];(=M+L]_HKYWO?%GQN\'
MV[:EKEFES9+C?YD$#HG/4F @CTR3BO7/A[XXM_'OAH:G%!]GGCD
5Q!NW;'

P!5C\I#8


M[T5X7X*^

\U$TW!^A4=)(V/V?=:U76M%UJ35=3O

H;/U85X

U[;7S/X7U6U\$?M

)!

R13L@1BZ]4

U\5SVTKZ

M3=%E^*?CB:_O?#^J:U- DQWA-5






MX
\+W6LW2F3RP%BB!P9)#]U?\]@:\8^$$;ZY\9/$/B*PA9=*S.=^
#]X^5'U


/=CUJ0^+?B)\)=7LK?Q=/_;&C

TN[
MJ\6
2V\K1N% +'!4@]@/QKRVV\*_&Z[M8KF&\UUHI4$B$ZX%)4C(X
N1^-=+

=U=6VCLL
MJ16(E(0JL;$







_B





8 NY+://!VJL0). 1R?S-==\

M5FM]KEV
QQ


[3QUX:BU:VC

@8QSP%MQCD'49[


;.6NRO]Y3NHZ'T?\



M&O9?!GC'3/&^@IJFG

MHMQI]M/!:*8[%(8W\V68[=H8[B


M8X4E5VCDY..!S2;LKC2N[' ^(OB1J%E\6-(\&V=M%'!-+$;BY8[F=6!.U1T7
MZ\_A7?:](\/A[4I8G9)$M965U.IG!![&OD[5?%'BZZ^*%GKEYH7D^(8C&8


M

I!4C(
M(Z$4M(845P7Q6\7:]X)\/6^KZ-;V
\8G$5RMU&[;0P^4C:RXY&._45T?A'7T
GQV=K(NY%2*WC# ]#B<EJ;8_&#QKX/U
MVWTOQ[I:F)\!IO*$<F?OJ4^1P/0#MUII:VZBOI='T'156\N_)TJXO(2K[(&


@  _Q






M!$B&
2!AL(W;L\8]:JVE^A/6PZ@]*\)\0_&'Q)X@\1R^'_AWIXG9-RF[
8D9

5'<7+R*G[TCY0Q(''I3;3QW\3O!$D5QX



M[]_)DS?N?-'T/1110
^??CQKVO:;XTTFSTC6M0L$GM%REM=21*6

M







8Q?^)M*






M-QM+/ 0&^5@0.01C(I2O;0:M?4\.MO%'Q.^+.H78\-3_ -D:1&=F]7\H)Z R
M %RV.?EZ?S=J&B?&3P#9OK \0MJMM%AYT%T]T%49R2LJ@X]=O/Y9'M7@OPI;





DGM7SI\*2FH?'?7[_3%/]G_ .DON7[I
M5I!M_





5[_UKQO\ :
TM+CP;8:F$'G6E

;U8#!/Y@TT^:+ONF)KEDK;-'0


MU#!'
82MSJMRK;@ ?X0PQ\P[U[C\6/\ DEOB#_KV_P#9A7*?LZ_\D]N_^PC)


MD
**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH 1E#*5/0C!YKS6'3_AM\)=6

M(_E7SK\(_!.G_$C4M9UOQ3--?21RKNB\TJ9&;)+

MOJST34?VA/!=FH^RKJ-\Q!_U
 4#ZER.OL#7G7PQUR'7OC[-JT%K]FBOOM#K

M:0NK^T8/;2RW/E

M($C)CCS&6!Z



M $BW;3(Q. H.#S6M:W
[]_U_X8RI7Y5;?^K_ *G*^-K.S^'WP:U:ST-'MX4B
M
48
C.5

\E'
M.X-]

H=2K %2

M9'C\L= CQ^8 /HV


&:)(H





M1^-9'P _Y)A'_P!?DW]*VOBYK5MHWPUU@SR!9+N$VL*YY=GXX^@R?PK%^ '_

M;D9^@P/PKMKRTM]0LIK.ZB6:WF0QR1N
AE(P0:XGX.Z[;:W\-M+2%U\ZQC^R

[[?H9T[V5MSY




MA\5]5ET;X9:W=0

M

?VEKC5;$B2
MSMI'D\P=B1^6/JV


L@_AD_'O[@U<;V

BQHO\ U^-_Z :](TS_ ))I:?\ 8(3_
M -$BO-_VD_\ D6-%_POQO\ T UZ1IG_ 32T_[!?\ HD5D_P#/U_]M+_Y

MJ().!J+8'I^[2M[4- ^'W@7Q.WB[4;I+&_E



V\M_?-NQMM[8K^/[PKQ^OM7D]OXNM?


M]*4-Y_(
FN6;_&+3X-82:;2=






MDEM=GCL?PL\7^*+ZT;X@^*(+^PLWWI:6:8$A_P!H[$QZ9P3C/(S4?Q(GE\9^






M/\

M


5UY
MS@XZ]J\;^'GQ2UK6OB)J'ASQ(;6!U$D=O'%'Y8\Q&Y')))(SW_AK-+F?+\S2



S#NHR..^:\P

M+].??G-5]1\#:[\%M0@\3VR:=KNGQNJR/-;8:(D\'&24/8

/^! U
MC?LV7%O&GBP<!+X/$Y5AAB@W ^_!_G5.*=1KHE?^O0A2:@GU;M_7J4[G]FB

=J2





CG=GD\?=ZU.O

M=WM^9(1&Z9QV8L#C/M7G7Q3OO$/BRPM?%NJV3:;I;3?9=-LY =[*06:0\#KM


M&T2PT^VLX_\ 5P1+$OT4 #^56*TJ/FFVNY$$U%7/#?VDM5EAT?1=)1B([F9Y
MI .^P  ?^/Y_O5?!NAVWASPAIFF6J*JQ0*7(&-[D99C[DDUY5^TEI4LVCZ+
MJR*2EM,\,F!TW@$$_BF/QKU7P9KMMXC\(:9J=JZLLLAP#G8X&&4^X(-3#X)






_:%TF^TU1E[)#-(B\+^\8QR?G@GZFOIOF_P 9W4?C']H?

M2)96'F1




ECCZ&HETMO=%PZW




Q^Q#^NAZ[



&
]]J_*?Q!I1NH]UJ.23E?9EK0;?P+

MX








M2ZC:*6#4$




M:WF0QR1N



$'N*\*_9I_Y!OB'_KM#

M;55& !;P@ ?]_:X;XJ?%+PKX]\-16=E8:G%J$$ZR0RW$


4'Z 5VM9'ABXT:[\





MVL7$6O\ B9A UF$'VB2YV(%5MP4@G:03D=
G/TK.\
:]\-;WQC)I6A:/I\&L


M=L' ^E+^2

MS3%L=\


/@-9^%?


OA://?VCHC-XC\.Q#J\+J/Q=17O^F6

M)8D4=@!BO!OVA/\ D;_W^ZW_HQ:^@E^Z/I2A_#^;7\3Y(\
_:5M8SH^A7F




M/HTI/]:S_BI#;:'\=-

M+5;?UL=BG[1G@U$5$TS6U51@ 6\( '_?VN&^*GQ2\*^/?#45G96&IQ:A!.LD
M

K+I\)# ]/EK\6P?#;P5





M^SUJBQ^-=;TRT


OA#]IRX:]/DV
M]_*VUV. 1

M@0I*47*


<?M$6<EKXC\.ZVT(EMMAB=

M6=*M=2LO#.@R6US&)$8:?#T(_P!WK53Q-I/P^\):'-J^J^&-%2VB*KA--A+

MW=2QJ_V(W

MW/\ A7C_ 







MH'4GY:TJ;OF

M#+]@N(#/&LG4;' 7('&=K\TGQ-L$U

G^.


P(YW+G[I)&
8QFOIO _VDM2MI(M#TA'O0[SE5Y*H0%'YG/\ WS23
SN
^?!90QR9Z[



M*JZIKGB7XX^(WT30R]AX;@;
LC9 *YX:3U)[)_\ K'M_A#P;I'@K1UT_2H
$
MX






MFNQI*T59;O=_UT&[R=WL?/GBWY?VG]%+\*6M\9^A_K7T'7S[\:(V\/\ Q4\
382_B-]
MTCS7X^%1\+KD'&3<PX^NZM?X0@K\*M!R/W+'G_?:N+_ &C-8CC\-Z9HD<F;
MFZNO.
\_1?F$]H^K/7:^<?VC(C-XNT
M&(=7MBH_%\5]'5\[?M!?\CUX:_ZXC_T94I7J03[H;=H2:[
]^TNPM]*TJUL+
<MQ)$&QSM*YQ^:BO<E^Z/I7B?[2?
M_(L:+_U^-_Z :51WL_


2?K7COB+X+ZUI/B)]?^'V
MIK8RL2WV5G*;

MG;835]SA_B;\.X?B#HL



8X[5]T5*5BF[GSSXJ^GB&;PTEVLKZ]XINK
MM9+N9IU58X]C?*ID(R

9Z=:UZ*;U





M5X;'Q2I&@V]J8H@TENQ## 7E

]:N_$SX1P^
[E=8TJZ6PUN-0-[ A)L?=


MZW? /P8N=


M)+\F1P


M7=I;W]G-:742S6\R&.2-QD



N#-)+;*?3[T0+@^_]:QO$?P#\0:=:V%UHL[ZSJ32L]X3(D04\%2N




ZQ_:&E+D0L7

)/]XUY+\CQSP-\';Z


1




ZX]_\K!]I



KL49RA(Z@UR'B?X/\
MB;1?%4WB/P!?+&TC-)]G\T1R(6/*J3\K*?1B


MUU(98H2'5\L K






C!HKR'Q]\9-3\(^


MFF_;_/E1
MU5N6AV_K\!-\TW+^OZ84445(SYB\8?#;XE:]XY


M')X'^

MK9^
_#5SHUZS(LN&CE49
;CD

M]=LV-I/M^=?1=%)*SNAWNK


MY.7]:'CGQC\#^(_%7B/0+O1=.^U06BD3-Y\:;?G!Z
P)X':O7;BVAN[22UN8
MEEAE0I)&PR&4C!!J:BA?#R_UJ/[7

$O_+LTBK(!






M(_B2MD+L/XB%AL6X#P8^R[OO9(]?;?7I'PZ^#\^A:T?$GBB^74-9R6C4.76-

MT
SQ!H-AXFT.ZTC4HO
JZ(\DF@:<\S.TK6L1=G.6)


M0  .P%*.D6O

:9J3L7EA+M&I8]65EZ9[J1@U





W+



8/M7L=%-




+/5H%VQ7&W*N










;L .RCL/

MK&(9


T#ZE
LB6HW0@E3'@#]W\H^;UKT*BE;W7#H_U'?WE+JOT/)O@=X
U_P?




MMHEB@A01QQJ



T^VL;6
1V]O&L4:#LH&!

YCV$]=C $%3_ '2
?RK*


MRD

M 




Y=AWKT#0+2:R\-:9
M9W

0C


O$-Q

M$\$EGJVJI8V[85MT\




^45*5E9#;N[GCG@3X.WUIXB/BCQI?+J&J3S(X@Y<!^SNQ')'8#@<?A

([33O,TFW:W,MQY\8V[2=WREMQQ[O8Z*=WS*785ERN/<****0PKSOXF





MPR*PD@N%4

M%%5?2Q-M;GD7A'0OB':?%:^OM9FU%O#KRW)A6741)%M)/EXCWG'&
NT


M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
IT444 %%%% !114-Y=1V5E/=RY\N
!+O6;[P5IESX@69=5DC)N!-#Y+@[CC* #'&.U='5-6=A1=U<****0
MPHHHH **** BBB@ HHKQCQ-X[\2:?\ '33?#EKJ7EZ3-);K);^1&<AOO?
5





M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB


M*02;4DVRL
\%Y'V*3]
?9;ABS:?<-;HQ.?DP&
M _#)'X5YK\*MM=:^-6JRWDS16,EQ<*K#*[_,VJ2/;)/U%5R_O.7I:_Y4O



M_#]CX8T&TTG3XECA@0 D#EV[L?4D\U




]^.G'K6%)\9_B1I

M&2
Y()X'IZ59U?XP?#^TBDM[C6HKL.GS16\+S!E/&
@;?P)I/1:.['N]M#1\


?'FY;78]&\8Z



^)?CMMU:31_!



M_L_B;7- AN&FL70W$#8(!V





MJT5LVV2[-O+

#%8\

MU&?XS?#:Y@D@GUQ)8I%*NCV

=)\:Z
NI:5*2

M^-E[I^A7)FT34C*D.$91M 





]FC%2[6TUT3Z9



M)''&


MI\=OB%]IEOO!/]E[?L\T
OVS[1G=\H;&S;Q]['WNU7OA!\6//?0?!']B[=L;




MP)I1NXJ2W')I2MT%^'?Q-TSX@VTRP0/9ZA;J&FMG;=P?XE;N
\= ?:NXKD/#
M7PZ\



[_7D#/N:KXI66B2
MU!^[&_=V0]OC/\1M/!OM4\#B/3!EBQLKB']OWC$K^.*]0\!_$;1_'UB\EEO
MM[V$#S[24Y9,]P?XE]_S KKV570JZAE88((R*^;-7LH_AO^T%IS:4ODV5\\


MCH *(J\%)^?YA)VERKR/+/!'QQTS78;R'Q!#'I-Y9Q-
YW$QR*OWL9Y#9_AY

#^=?3T44<$*0PHL<:*%5%& H'0 4+WHJ8/W9./]:GG/PS
M^+5KX]EFT^YL_L.J0IYGEJ^Y)5S@E3U!&1D'UZGMV'BCQ1IGA#0Y=6U64I G
MRJB#+R




MB6.+;;S[


=LVQ[WR)98RP/



M5%C47'F/ T@'++@
 ?H0?SKV;PW
]QX5TF:1MTDEES'U)09H^*#?5.P:1FE
MNFKGREX^)?_  A'B'5=5_LC[;_: (\K[3Y?EY?=UVG/IT%?45MXLL?^$(MO

MR^9\



^AX_*NF^$LSS_  LT!Y&W


7_

^MZWY+&2&(
5B^=C@[02
W^64EM;G]V60DACL/)Z#D_P (KMZI[*^Y/738*X+QS\38







CDXH;Y=M02YM]#W2.1)HEEC

M/[$^&EGXQ_LOSOM


]/2N/\?_ !ETOP=?'2;*U;5-6& \*/M2(GH&;!.[_9 ^N*D^



_Q&T\&^U3P.(]

2OXXKU
M#P'\1M'\?6+R66^WO80//M)3EDSW!_B7W_


M*\_LO[?]JF
6S[1Y6WYSG:V:Y?Q%\:+H7ATOP=X?FUN_2(-.\:/+'Q&=N$




N


^GZ9XVUC0=3T\6MKIL;.UY]HW&0@+A1'M')+8^]7)3



MD? +HP#G_@2L
_CZU]&HXDC5UZ
 15+6*E\A/25OF.KSWPC\4/\ A(_&VI^%
MKS1SIUY9;]K?:?



M


B[?M/F[]P

)IXFTS5/[)^Q_V=A?+^T^9YF'W==HQ^1KTG]FG_D&^


MW6.7\/7NCI;WXT_$ +_:5MX&


MX1448J4+X^@XIPUER=[_@$M(\W:Q](4CML1FQG S2T4F,^/_'_Q)_X33Q-I
MFJ?V3]C_ +.POE_:?,\S#[NNT8_(U[]\,_B?_P +%DU)?['_ +/^Q
Y^T^;



$#T)(^E1Z?\=];TB^@MO&_A66P25C
M^^CADA*CCGRY




MU[0K'5;88ANX%F49SMR
(M:@\.^';_

F 
G[B

M(G# 'C!7FKW[2$9E\0^'HU^\\$BC\7%-[P:6_3] 7VDWMU_4Z/7OC3J]WJ%S
M9^!/#
^LQVS;'O?(EEC+ \X2/G'H21]/6OX8^/-RVNQZ-XQT9=
G=Q&T\:O&





]

I
MP17NFNZ)8^(M%NM*U&%9;:X0JP(Y![
/0@\@UX3^S]9/IOCGQ-8R'+VT7DL?

[8XD&9)6_NJ/7]!7C[?&[QS
MK;-/X7\%&:R5BN\VT]T3Z9

\+22$6=N8XF4'LP\R0




PCD@VKD!08Y
DY

MNU7:C




MQM _


R/ _AW\+Q\3+*Z\3^)]9OG

M9_!WX?Z-NO'T=)?*4L7NYGD10!R2I.W\Q7E6D6WQ6^$\MQI^FZ*VJ:?+*641
MV[7





ME?YL*]1JKJ6G6NKZ9



M1*UQ*MQJMV ;F1
E5 Z(O?'/7N:\[U_0_$OQ8^)\
%[I6IZ;X:LF(22ZMGA!


M_L\P?9_(Q\OEXQC\J\0\(:7XG^%OQ(N=(CTO4]0\
7L@_?V]J\J(#]UR5! 9

M7N2&#']%K#LM!NH_V7I;0H1-)9O=[0
G;YGF#_QT5CV'@#QQ\3/$EMJ_CL&Q




]\'BB%KRBNK5A2O:
GTO?\  ]-U*[\$^


M\+_$=MXP_P$R\#O_ICOYLL
JNLF


M;.6#S&).[.\G)Z=
5Q_BWX5^)?#OBUO%?P^E^=W

C?DIJX_CKX



= UFZ_:$T34[?2;^:PC:VWW4=L[1+@G.7 P

3_B/

M&.O'6O=*(?PH_/\ 


MO;3UL5=$_9W\
6EO&VKW5]?W)3$BK((XMWJH W?FWX5B?&+P=X1\&_#U(])T





MQ



MKQUJW_&3\G^1E;]TUY_J3_M)_P#(L:+_ -?C?^@&O5OG_(GZ+_UXP?^@O-

T;QRQV4*


+1
5V)S
MA@#C@USNBZ!K

M'IR?7-


M0BE+=2[
J.S3ZJQA6OP;^&U[:0W5OH0DAF02(ZWMQAE(R#_K*KZM\*?A;H6F











M.=;G6Y0VQ0V\0[OO
6/WG/(S[GKFIA\:D]D5)^ZXK=Z&9^TG_P BQHO_ %^-


M0H.!7I?AF*2#PKI$



$5N[R22
%5%#L223P!4'QKTV^U7X;
B[E *_4@UE-X&^(?PL\07=]X.C.I:9+D

V/RY

MU

M]*U.#2+^73TEMB]TEL[1*!URX&!CZUHW^]A^/W&;7[J=OE]Y[Q7SO^T;_P C

M'JC3[
VU.PNK*?[;(WE7,+1M@A<'# '%.
M&\_E^9G+:'S_ .*T#4H=/\ VH=7CF(479DMU)_O%%8?GMQ^-?0-?+&M^')_
M%7Q^UG3+2\:SNC*\L$X_AD2





+EI=


MD







DDC7M
MQA5 R2?WGI7G%EHWQ6^$\MQ;Z+:#6=)+;E6.(SH23C(C4B16]0./KC-&J3_&
M'XF6O]E3Z(=)L'8;,#6J,/]KS7(]ES]#5R?
;<S
MXQYCXQQZ = *ZNG+?0(WMJ%?/6G;OAW^T5-:$;=/UIB$ / $IROY2 CZ5]U
MX_\ '?PGJ&K6&E:YHEG=7&IV,^S%K&SR;#R H)^5@/SJ+\LE+Y?)E6YHN/]

MD8%64C((/:G./N*'E^.X1E[[GY_@M#YZ^#/@?P3XR\*3R:MI0N=3M;@I*WVF
$$NNE038'<($<_HIJM^S_J4-W\-UM$;][97












H=2K %2

M;29I)M-TBPLY9?\ 6/;6R1L_U*@9ZTK)OWMAWLM-S/\  _AF/PAX0T_1D(:2



MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H



M#!)&\EX]I(R/OJ
_A6Y0%[A1110 4444 %%%% !13)9HH=OFRI'O8(N]@-S'

M**** BJ.L:Q8:!I,^J:G/Y%E;@&638S;02 .%!)Y(ZJ_A[Q+I'BO33J.BW


C @X.#R

X]
]Z 'T5F:_XATOPQI3


AFBN(A+#*DD9R R


M%%% !12

@U)0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111

M3/'Y$B;




%V_K1UL'2YT-%%% !1110 444C
J*69@JJ



@X//0U-
M0U;1@G?5!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 9?B72

MP[%_PB'[2]]88*6^I&0)GH1(/
'_ (\










MJQN=O
E?)<YP@<D*Z@_=^;A














L'X;?'


MV
5N2
^6!]Y\=R











M?#




M^$_@O0K)(%T*TO9 /GGOHEG=SZ_











ZQCGI



N[&1\RNH7!'7I7J?





M _NUAABMX$AAC6.*-0J(@P% Z FUR2DOZT_JQ-^:
7\_Z_

MXHE^\\C!0/Q-9EEXK\.:E/Y%AK^E74V




MQUY]*O6/[-V@+8(M_K.IR7FWYG@

MT/1E.0?QIU?


M[37=
N+I208(KN-W!!P?E!SUKYT^&WAS6OB-X=30)-0?3_#.FR
T_D_?N97.

D JJX./K3E[N


M=T^Z^RWNOZ7;7'_/*:\C1_3H3FM6.1)8Q)&ZNAZ






M5DQOW^^?NUA?%O4-2TSXWV]QH[A-0:TCA@8C.UI R9'O\W%:S^-+J[F=-6A?


MEUO8I:N_0]3O_$_A_2IA#J.NZ99RGHEQ=QQL?P8BK=CJ5CJEN+C3[VVNX3TD


M!O'\^DF&XN_#6YDDG+!8ON[ED16/7) .WU(YQ5']H3_D;_W^ZW_ *,6J27/
M3:ZM$ROR33[,^@E^Z/I2UQ?Q#^(6G^ M#\Z0I/J4RXM;3/+G^\?11W/X5P/P
MZ^'6H^)M7_X3GQSNGN)F$MK:2CC'\+,O91_OXFE'5^2#:*[GN5%%% SCO&/



H[F_.HREBT32)Y(W+M.!MST]Z[*OGO0O\ DZC4/]^;
M_P!$U
O_ +

MP@^$_D/H/C?^VMVZ-I?L?V7'WE9


M-8Z3:'!0'ARJAF;'\3'H
]
?7
ZMJ*ZCT2;9[?#XO\
W%V+2#Q%I
MR25\E+



MQ7:?#_PK

MX=TZZ^RWNO:7;7'_ #QGO(T?TZ$YK5CD26




MF





MECZ_@.EU7]G#1?L+MHNLZC%?*


GZ!
MB/6O-/C!XUO_  [;Z;X1\







1GYV8C(!X 'YN2:ERH(N\.=GNT'BOPY=7

MKK&JQW6WY9)3&Z;O=0@.

&YFC#D)=LK%?,8C<58C^!5Y/KSZ4Y)J2B
MM;BBTTV^A[*OB?0'U#^STUS3&O<X^S[C


M2
LK%C[\4;W:V_
)P



R2NJ(.K

M[_2M'M

M8(EOHBQ;TQNSFMI65U#*P92


M112&%9^I:]H^C%!JFK6%CO\ N_:KE(MWTW$9KYZ^+.JW^B_'&VOM*0/?K:QI

XWSR0R+M#'M\RDMCIG(Z=J2NX\
MPW9.Q[+;7

M
16V@6]YY]X6$UW;Q

5XGTW7&^%OAKHWA'Q#J&M6%S?R7-^&$JW$B%
M!N;<=H@]?4FM3P5K
WB'P5I&K7  GN;96DP

_!'_DJ_BS_=F_




RDM@X#';QDC!




MO
(\R+)ZD@ 
^NZ8M[G'V9KN,29ZXVYS7R[X<_P$AU'QSX@\
M-^'9OLTNK74B7-R


-*4+^7Y'N

C*<@_C3J^;9%USX^
+.
7[WWAO4')*
,J WR] Z


_PS\%7GQ
TF.SU








1V]*ZRN ^&?P
MS_X5TNI+_:_]H?;3&?\ CV\K9MW?[;9SN]NE=_0_4$%5-0U33])M_M&I7UK9
MP_\ /2YF6-?S8@=Q69XS\30^$/=_K4RAS G[N,G&^0GC\R*\*\&?#C4_BQ

'O^
J[;2Z%.R5WU/HC3]4T_5K?[1I

/


M@+T/'KQT8_9N\-_8MIUG5?M6W_6 Q[
^NS;G'MN_&I5VN;H4]'R]3V96#*&4
M@J1D$=Z6OG#POK6O_'Q_#X2URZ-SHMTZK&Q)V*K'R)G[O/#+]?K7K?Q/\

M
M8OMUZ-\*1L#*R=F+






'
MU.SN8[:23_GHJ@[6SWR


]N:Y?PU^S]

M&YA8 K)#('4@].*GKYRO\ X8^+OAYXRL;SP
][J-M)\[+D+@*1E)3PI!SQ



M7%GX3\.R/'J5^H
LL1Q(JL=JHA[%CGGJ/QK:IH[+=O8S@KZ].YZCJ'B70=)F



M%'!R

FFBMX7FGE2*)!EG=@JJ/4DUB0ZQ;^(/ K:O:



M.2Q]?P&M2[J22\_S9G2LJ46^R_)'OMAXH\/ZK/Y&G:[IEY

MM6O$M5_9PT7[[:+K.HQ7RC,9NF1T)]#M52/KGCTJS\&_'.K7.I7_@OQ)(TF
MHZ?N$,TAR[!#M9&/?'!![BI5GHMRG=*_0]DHHHI#BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****


6-I1U VYE;\\J*O?'ZR:PNO#/BF(?-970B



?XFO5
;^!V75
U_\ C(?_ #_9


N



GXIMJHE)Z7.N\26EY8? *YL]00I

L4RE@V'50,C(/3M65^SQ$J?#J=P/FDOYWX*@KI_B+]H_X5+K?VLQFY
M_L\^:8@0N_ S@$DXS7-_L]?\DV?_ *_I?Y+5)MSJ/T_-D/2
$O/\CTG6E#:%





M? 08_F:]JKYL^'_B#_A47CK5O#/B0216%Q(-EP1\JD9V28_NL#R1TQ[&O8]6


M:OINDE:G%/\ K4+WJ2:\OROGOX\?\E$\*?[J_\ HT5]5\\_M N+7QQX8NY

P_PKWG2





I
MMC/W=P)/)'/T(JHO231
MTF=/6#XVL7U+P-KMG$
R36
RH/4[#BMZD(# @C(


MC4+R)KD*3%9HX

C*/
M[VX2%XV[C#
M$9^HR*(_PTNUPG_$;[V
8P+-C\2:E_PJC[_ *)E7]^[?YH\S_9HA3[+XAF


US_KPG_P#1;5Y#^S3_ 


ZTX'S&\4$^P3_ZYKTGX@_\
M).O$?_8.G_\ 0#7F_PS;_R*VL_]?J_^@O2/B#_ 
DZ\1_]@Z?_ - -.OM\




MNSO]Q5TH-^1[CXD\7Z=X.\+KK&KNP7:JK$F\LA'W5'KUKR&+XO_ !&\4SY\
M*^$4^R,QR&28 C/63*H/RZU=_:3M+M]%T.YC#&SAFD27'0,P&TG\ U=CX'
M^(/@M_!VEPQZUINGFV2)[:YN$A9& P1AB
\@\CK2C[W-+SV!^ZHQ\CRWQ39



+VJM^2/#O
G-8<?Q2^*7@


;PPE4

M]!O633W
[X=_$_2_B!!+'% ]GJ


M[1/B:X4-+&]XR%AR#Y@7C\17T77SAXX2]^&'QGB\6Q6SR:7?2&1M@P&W#$


]%VC_P =J_\ LT_\@WQ#_P!=
_XR&_S_ &?6O^T%X5O+_2=/\1V

MTG' '/6NT\ :CX@U?PA:ZAXDAA@OKC+K''&4VQG[NX$GDCGZ$547[LFB9;I
M\?\ @G$K?%SQ3(1\R).!^










=MJ\
B4E4


_![Q5=^$/$]

^?/VA/^



M^;_T37T)7SWH7_)U&H?[\W_HFHA_%7H_R+J?PW\OS.R_: _Y)B__ %^0_P!:
MZ'X4?\DM\/\ _7K_ .S&L#X_(S?^9E&0EW6]ADC^9%6/A%XHT*?P%H6E)J

.@JS!'@@.3&VDF3DMC&#CON]!7I'_P?!C6_G?\










+9.[CLI]
FO9O


MG6]]8:IJ4CJ;8VSK+Y)# EMZY\9&,\YKKO@WI5WH_PQTR]1HY9=\XC;@JK

M
N'Q(Y+]GB-$^'
SJ


A_\ /]GU0^$GCJ+X

J/E
MC;UQT%=7\?O#@U;P




?\ R%6G^TK_ 
@/0O\ KYD_]!%9NA?\
MG4:A_OS?^B:Z#]HS39[KP9I][%&72TN_WI ^ZK*1GZ9P/Q%9O^%3_KJRH_Q9




RGT(#UX=\-






L_X]_\ )++K_KYA_P#0JT/@O_R2?1/]V7_T:].G\,_5GO'
MYGF_[0Z+)XK\


M2O'NFQ%HE:
3

MPQ&?J


MDG7B/_L'3_\ H!KS?]FW_D5M9_Z_5_\ 0!7I'Q!_Y)UXC_[!T_\ Z :=?;Y(


M


MY_MRSOI0/W=O8S+





%Y

A'S(DX!]


MD[;':^%?%.F^
=!BU?2W8POE61QAXW'56'K7B/P(_P2F^)O^N4G_HX5UG[/
M6DWEAX%NKNY1DCO;HR0*PQE H7=]0?RK@/!&NVOP[^


C'_ &2


MNY1S[$5






M[$CYA]?:O8-


M/^%2ZW]K
9N?[//FF($+OP
X!).
TIO]T^S/\1',?L\1HGPYF=1AGOYQ]?

_=

MI+O5?&.I1LK7N8X&88


MQ


M*5G7/? *$?S-0_M#33/IWA%'R%:*1V'^UB/_ !-9FNZE+\:OBKI]GI=O(='L







7
%I&DB_W6QR/PZ?A5+6+;[DM6DEW-^O
OCW_R
M2RZ_Z^8?_0J]-KS+X]_\DLNO^OF'_P!K.I\/W?FBX;_ -=F:'P7_P23Z)_
MNR_^C7KS'4!]K_:KA2Y4

.FV 

MK2=1\


YY)Z<#WK&:;]U;FD&E[





M(_3COGT([UY'\:_&?@[4O!4NG6]]8:IJ4CJ;8VSK+Y)# EMZY\9&,\YK:\
M:%JME\'LKQW]U:7$D*'AE\P,4'L3D'\:;E[DI6V$H^]%7W,+Q'\=[N769=
M(\$:&=5FC8KY[H\@D(/.R-,,1[Y'T]:(U/X[^(?)6Q32HG&6?RHHL ]V$A9



M\)[?1V8+]KTF.)6/\+&

M[)P#T_ YJY+][-=_P#-D0_@P?;]4B__ ,9#_P?[/IG@7P+\0[?XKVGB?Q'




M0W=K(
/%

ADU6S3&/*@N5*_\ CZL?

FNI8#*TVZY96;) !Y50



M/=)\ 07D6E7%[
MVRM)]J=&(*@@8VJOK4/C7X9Z-X[OK*[U2YOX9+-2L8M9$

H[F_.HREBT32)Y
M(W+M.!MST]Z[*BEUN%M+=!&574JRAE88((R*\WUSX%^=:N&G2UN=-D=MS?

VGL=H 7(['

?\ JY02DB?1ASCVZ5R.B_ ?P7H]^MV\









[-=.K
&( XVJHQ\H[5XYI$
5S^U#JD$\:
M212&971QD



7E*

$!FSMX]



M****0SF/%/P]\
^



/%*N0






EY974S%YFLY542





M40*99
;GP.IP 

M ^B'2=
FNI8#*TVZY96;) !Y50



M110M'= ]59F#XF\&Z!XPM4@UO3X[GR_]7)DK(GT88(^G2N$3]G?P8MWYQN-7



^JL.1_6N!@_9X\%PW






N8[I;.:_N(V
MW))?23![?* %./<5Z'11579-@K.U[1K?Q#H5[I%V\J6]W$8I&B(#@'T)!&?
MPK1HJ6KZ


HT4K=1W.*\+?GPEX2N([NPT]IKV
86ZNG\QP?4#A5/N *[6BBJ
M;N38XWPM\-=&\(^(=0UJPN;^2YOPPE6XD0H-S;CM 4'KZDUV5%%+HEV'U;[G







9.^J7JX_U5Q<J%_\ '%4_K7JU%TV!ZG

[L<EX'^'ND^ (+R+
M2KB]F6[96D^U.C$%00
;57UKH-6TC3]=TZ33]4LXKNUD^]%*N1]?8^XYJ[10

MALF1$.6#'=N4D\KUSGK7=44T[:3WBBBD
PO%WA2Q\9Z!)HVHRW
5N[JY:W



9)/P)^[GVQ737


M]MJA5(^H/6M2?X7:%)XYM_%L










M/%
H93_]?WKS.]_9Z\%75QYD





CP_X7T7PK8_8]%T^*TB/+


'O@KX+\/77*V4M_<1G<DE_(),'_= \?2O0J*%IL#UW # P.E9/B'P


X&W;GOV(KLZ
M*=[6\A-)[D5U:V][:RVMU#'/!*I22*10RL#U!!ZUYEJ?P \$ZA/YL*:AI^22

MS%;NZN6MV57RIR.6!'Z5NT5+5]QIV

5Z@$8XKE_



M
D]E($+GU((*Y]\9JIHGP
\$:-

MN+R&.VE
J&U=5))&.=RMQ74T4=+!UN5M/LH]-TVUL86=HK:)84+D%B%  SCO


MM%._0+=0HHHI %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !17EGPZ^&NL^$?&VMZ




MHHKR#XO^.M
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110




M;=D93'E

M;KFAQR7%UINX/!$



0



M.IP
CI_.NQNOVA_-ABVT_3M2N8H@$1EC2- .
9;/MR!7GWC_XKZMX\\(O;
M1^&'L]+$Z-)=[WF 8=!OVJH))%4W;6!*5_B/I+P_K$/B#P_8:O;@K%=P+*%)





$?D1ILQ+M


8Q'N'S!=

TS-Y5M #@R2$9 SV QDFO'=/M_C#\2[7^U8-9_L?




MZ;IL4K-#.2[B1B



MK#PE\:?$

.MR^)GL)' D2VFO'A)'49BC4H/HWXUR'Q.\3^([W3[+PWXNLO*

MS7D_S


M+)(? M[=@+YD]\P)[X55P/U/YUT_QD56^%&N;@#B.
C/KYBUI5]S5;Z?H32]







MX'BMWX1_$K7-:UV[\*^*5!U&W1BDQ0(Y*'#(X'!(]0.QZU0N_P!H^WFEC@T7
MPO=W4TAVA9I@ISVPJABWZ5R_PTU2_P!3^/\ +?ZC8_8KRZ$[2V[(RF/*9 PW
M/0#K2A=RMTU%-I1OUT-/X[?\)SYM]]H_Y$_SH?(_U'W]H]/WGWMW7BKGPC_X
M6=_Q(_

M /7K_PS&E3T4O*WXIE5'=Q\[_H?.'C_ /X3_P#X2;3/^$M_Y7'V'_4=-_'




M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@


M RL
$'H17AFO? 2_M=9DU/P3KW]FL[96&222
Q9/(61
G'H
?C2CI)ONAO6-
MO






]N*^G+)I6L+=IQB8Q*9!_M8&?UKRKPC\$(M


]01W4X''M
M4O=/LRELUW1?T#P3X5T.SA_LO1K ?NPHN?)5Y)%..2Y&3G@]:\V_:&\2:?#X


MVNFK


*/$%KX7\.7NKWDBJEO&

X)J]^[/GOX(_\E7\6?[L





[J[#^](_
MS
/; KTGQCX



*S$DLV#CN![&G4]^[Z?UH*G[MNYJ?L]?\



HY/&#^5+HOP4UK4+VWN/'GBFXU:&!]Z
MV:W$LJ


M[?\ Y)_%_P!@L?\ HJO)_P!FG_D&^(?^NT/\FKV2+3ID\+IIA9//6R%N6!.W

M_9P79K\CA?CT0OQ#\*DD !%))_ZZBOH2O._BG\
1\0;:TFMKY;34+

(VD4E

?!_C'PM/?'Q/KZZG#+&B6\8NI9O*P3G'F ;1C'3^E1
(?!VJZ1:/$EQ=V[11



\%P:-J

MBZ?+;Q7




T FPR2J

MT
F@VTK



)
M*E3?7+Y3_KF1M_#/XT^9M*^XN5)NVQW=O\8-(O/B#_PB=E8W-XYE$*7=NRM&




M[:7/HBOG_\ X::_ZE'_ ,J7_P!JH_X::_ZE'_RI?_:J8CZ HKA/!/Q'_P$






]^M6:IJSLR4TU=!1112&%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 452U;5].T+3I-0U2\BM+2/[TLK8'L!ZGV'-

MB+KM)&2
I
M]AS1?2X=;%VBL_1-9M/$&C6VJV!<VMRI:(NNTD9(SCMTK0H:L=]@HHHH **


M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** /F_Q[_P G*:/_ -?%E_
5](5\W^/?^3E-'_Z^++^8





W

M.U%)^ZZC^'D $#@YZ=:]C\&:_P#\)/X/TO62 'N8 T@'0..&'Y@U2LTVNA+N
2F6?2Y!$K,<DQ,,IGZ88?0O



L

M(7:



P ]SBO2T=)
G/
M2K?PST;7_!_@E['Q-- XM69X#%(7*18SM)(['.,9XHNK-O2P6=U;J=!XE\7Z
M%X1LUN=;U.U5_\ 5I@L\G^ZHR3_ $K@X/VA?!4UYY#QZK!'DC[1);J4X[X5

1W$CZ-J3*J+




M*?\ DEOA_P#Z]?\ V8UY1\/^2F^)O\ KE)_Z.%:RUJN/DW^1E'2DGYI?F?1
M-



.H))!./]D'I7GG[1[R1^(O#KPNR2K!(



M1X/^$/A;P]HT





MEY-*U%EC4


+?A*][=OOO(()K:X<]695X8^Y!!^M$G[DI+= E[T4]F:$GQ7\&)X<EU
MY-7\VQ2;[.L+J[R8!VJK $\$'/3WK)TSX[^!M0MY)9KN[L#'R4N;5BQ&0
_


C'('3KWJY*WS)3N?/\ #XK\-S_'V7Q)?W22

M*^;M.\&Z!/^T!/X8DL-VC++(HMO.D& (BP^;=NZ\]:]=\9'3/A+\,=0_P$
UO


\



GWCR.

MYNIKR\C.)(+*




M[=QMMEBL8P_EGW8D+D=QG(K4\'_$?PWXWW1Z3=LMTB[WM;A=DH'KCD$?0FJ?



MPCT#3_#5IJ.M:=;ZEJ5Y$LS_ &J





M-(YR3$02H_#./J#7U51&WLU;S_
EW]H[^7Y!7SE\?O%VA:[%8Z5IM]Y][I]W
&?$5I9:/I6I_:+^WLD:6+R)$VA0JMRR@'DCH:Z
M'7_$FC^%]/-]K-_%:0=%+G+.?15'+'V KGO O@+PQX<M++6=+TW[/?SV26;
MSY'W!@K-PS$#D#H*\=L[.7XT?&&\^W3R_P!B6!8JB-@%6VJH]YY)Z]?05M



C
I5][-AG*D8.%




(GVR2QZ<MP/1G*#'X$D4[KD<NPK/G4
 [*4QP,T;R\\&1R<$^RKS^-#3M
M*W:0E\4Y/HW^AU=S^T%X(@OQ;1G4KB(D W


MU9])Z+-';^$].FE;;''8QNQQG  FL3XK^#$\.2Z\FK^;8I-]G!6%U=Y
 [

M^




MT=0&!]\UX[X8


M:A;A /




MJR@D2;[




M^/?A'0H?#=SXFCL=NL2W





HZM <7(01VYQG$CG /X9S^%-M<




&#?^
M@BG&SNNJ5Q2NK


MO(D7
;+N#990.C XSGFN3^$G@KP]XG\8^(+#6-/^TVUHI

:!XG33


DMW_7Y&=.W+=[)'2ZK








M0JL

MLMP\1)5G!&2
@=:Z3X0_\DIT'_KBW_H;41T53U7Y
4G=P]&:V@^._#?B;4[K



M)*S^\(-MW1ZY\*/^26^'_P#KU_\ 9C6MXE\7Z%X1LUN=;U.U5_]6FSR?[J
MC)/]*Q?AA
EM\)=#GE.(X[


MV[HK5(W'T=0&!]\UX[X8




[\T?1_H6G^(7A

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 



M


5:ORLEVYDC4KS+X]_\ )++K_KYA_P#0J]-KS+X]_P#)
M++K_ *^8?_0JRJ?#]WYHN&_]=F=!\


M@Z*PG*M?3L9[HKR Y &T'T  'YUY?H7_ =1J'^_-_Z)JK_OHKLG^1,K^RDW
MU:_,^A*^=?AO_HG[1/B&Y.V61[P(&ZDF0

?@
U]%5X-\6/!VN:%XQ@^('A

M3HF(\Q]04J/8(^?YBH+']I'0&T]&U#1]3CO=OSI;B-XRWLQ8''X?G7(2CQ'\
5\L7VT?S/I)W6-&=VJHR6)P *Q/$

MC
$:%PP)
9Q@CZBO&O%_QWC\0Z/+HGA/2M1%Y?*8?-F50Z@\$(J%B6(XZC%=


O_ %-W_E-_^VUDZA8Z_P#


MQ65\:?\ 1OC#X6NY_EMPL!W$\?+

M1XTGP
(BC/S*.YZ'GU-=O\9? 5QXT\-Q3Z:@?5-/9I(4Z&5#]Y![\ CW'O3;

M_2M0_MT'E-);QKN;' WH[+M;U_I7,_$GQEK/Q(T*;4K'3I;+POIDBDO,?FG
ME8A1TX)&3P#P,DGDIFNB'!VU9[A\*?^26^'_P#KU_\ 9C7E'P(&/B=XF!Z^
)7-WJOP:^+=_J4]A)<:9?2288<6)VW

M_:#L=1A%EX8T#5+O5Y_D@BG1 NX]\(S$XZXXZ=17(_#'3-2TCX]2VFL2+)J7

M'TKY]_:$_P1O\+?[K?^C%KZ7[H^E*'\/YL)?Q/DCYP_:&MO/\ '6A)-(8;


_M+[?YUP
M9_

^#]*OT%TP\QF \YP#G: I(49P2

MW



MC DC9N'!&!C(Q@=



U$6
ME4U[


]OHN



N

M CQ?D'_J&_\ VVNX^


R_
M]3=_Y3?_ +;7H/A#P'_PK[P/K&F?VE]O\[S9_

X).?RKUSPQX?U#PW\-9;#5K^:]O




$?F#7






?E=@WZD5]5\\^.-%UWX7_$23QQH
M-K]HTNZ9FN$DJA;ET?'0$\ANQ^G.[)^T?H+6/\ HVB:I)J##0L$$9;L-P8
MG&?]FES7BNZ5BI+WV^C=S.\:21O^TQX:5
GTSSFOJJFE:FD_/\R&[U';RO#?VE?\
MD!Z%_P!?


$?B?\36<)YDP4
RE_NH@/&3

&#:AFTC5Q<8Y0+$4S_ +V_/Z5


@![&
*1_.FU)TI+K?\ 02:C5B^E

M&


D8\


MB6E_*-=^P2V;JIC^R^;N# X.=ZXZ&OKEE#J58 J1@@]Q7S5J%CK_ 
#?'5QJ
M^GV3WGAZ[)'?84)R$9AG:ZGH3U_
5G&RGKU7XFSNX671FM_PS+_U-W_E-_\







M=K1E.ZLNARMCX_\ B'\
M=M=.\7K/=6#G!6Y82
R9P6CE&22/0D^F!7T'K&C


M^[O)=?P[A%+GM%]/Q.



2?J!GUKUFG*^B8EK=A7SU\$0#\6
M/%9P


TWB62P:YTZ\


\NT#.\ ;5 X'!ZDU];#[@

M%'0
!OSK'GG(!/3//7H:SEK2BUT2_,TCI5DGU;_(Z?X4?\DM\/
M_P#7K_[,:\0^*.B#7?CTNDW%T;..^^SQI.4W[<H #MR,_,,=178_'XK:0^E
MZ%X-FM+Q-1 

M$'_)*=!_ZXM_Z&U$/AGZK\A3^*'S/

MD?

27
\4*%@H:1

M7MIX:\+:5=1V0E$DAE(RQZ!I

MM^$'_)*M!_ZXM_Z&U2M42[K\B9-MP;[,\M^! Q\3O$P/7RI/_1PKZ)KY@N;
MO5?@U\6[_4I[2XTR^DDPPX$L3MN^5NFY3V]O?-=O=_M!V.HPBR\
:!JEWJ\

M5

PSM=3T)Z_F*N5E5=^OYD0NZ*2Z&M_P 
R_\ 4W?^4W_[;5_1

MQ&XC5





O+J?7S ?Y UK_C_

?FGE8A1TX)&3P#P
M
O[#S
MFY6#[9]K]5#9V;/?INKTVDM4F/K8**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****

[0



MDV%B6Y;[+;)%GZ[0*T:** &NBR(4=0RL

M;*


M;'%@1$'H .!1=6EM?6[V]W;Q7$#C#QRH'5AZ$'@U-11NTV
_3=!T?1M_\







].*U***!A5#


M+ X_MB@ K.O= T;4[R*[O])L+NYAQY4T]LDCI@Y&UB
CGGBM&B@ K.N] T
16C10 54U#2M.U:#R-2L+6\A/_+.
MYA61?7HP-6Z* 
_3=!T?1]W]EZ58V.XY;[+;I%GZ[0*T*** $90RE6 *D8((

M%@1W4ENC2ICIAR


MYF?7=C.:UP H    X ':EHH **** &NB2(4D571A@JPR#61!X1\-6MT+JW\.

MW0])T9672]+LK%7.6%K;I$&^NTK]% %RT/2--NY[JPTJQM;F?)FF@MT1Y

M.WU+3+*]@B.Z..Y@614.

M
T/2=%61=*TNRL%E(


MFI:+IUZZYPUS:I(1GKRP/H*M66G66F6XM[SM[6%1@1P1+&H_ #%6:* BBB
M@ (R


M XK1 P

NY;NPTFPM+F;/FS6]LD;ODY.Y@
GGGF
MM&B@ K/T[0=&TB6673-)L+*27_6/;6R1E_J5 S6A10 A 8$$ @\$'O5#3-!T
M?13*=*TFQL#+CS#:VR1;\=
[0






5O!'!!&D44:A4C10JJ!P  .@I]% &=J6@:-K+(VJ:187Q

^A8'










MM$UB17U31]/OG3[K75LDI7Z;@?05I44 4[G2--O=/_L^[T^TGLN/]'EA5H^#


M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%



1W
M5I=0WUG!=VS[X)XUDC;!&Y2
@X//0U-4-I:PV-G!:6R;(((UCC7).U0
 9//


MX+6TZR 'ZJ35VD



M=.UG2]8C





M6H6EE%_?N9EC7\V(I-.UG2]8C
*YA6:5)8F&5=&#*1[$4 24455O
Q=-]M
LB_FI-


9DE=40=68X _&L:/QEX6
3<V
MXPBGM6TK*ZAE8

=M*94-JZJ22




UPB._T4G)H


WF@9(Z$U[Y1'6/-YV!Z2Y?*X44A( ))P!U)

@CO2T %%1W%Q!:





M4:2/!= P)7/3([9JGKLLD'A_4IHG*21VLK(RG!4A2017D/[.5Q/=Z3XAN+F:
M2::2[C9Y)&+
QVGDD\FB.K:[*X2T2?=V/;:**H:EKFD:




MB'4-:L+F_DN;\






M?H14E#Z**J:AJNG:3!Y^I7]K90]/
N9EC7\V(H MT52T[6=+UB



LY3T2XNXXV/X








M%GAO3K@V]]X@TJVG')BGO8T8?@3F@#8HID
T5Q&)(94D0]&1@0?Q%/H ****

M5EAD#J?H1Q0!/11534-5T[28//U*_M;*'IYES




M17$0EAE22

L#27


MON_

MZ^0453U#5]-TB'SM2UTLHO[]S,L:_FQ%)IVLZ7K$9DTS4K.]C!P6MIUD /U
M4F@[1110 45F:CXDT+2)5BU/6M.LI&Y5+FZ2
GZ!B/45H0S17$2RPR))&W*


M(T[7=
O)@



I'L
M10!+1110 4444 %%([JB%W8*JC)). !63!XK\.75Y]CM]?TJ:Z!(\F.\C9\C
BBB@ HJ\OK33K9KF]NH+:!!EI9I BCZD\57TW7-(UE6;2]4L;X
M*<,;6X27'UVD^HH OT444 %%%% !115#4M<TC1@IU35;&Q#GFZN$BS]-Q'I


P50

MLO('!'(I2?*KCBKNQU

MLD=PQ2(^2\FX@9/W%./QKB_@$S/\
T9F+
UY




'GZE?VME#T\RYF6-?S8BFZ
M=K.EZQ&9-



#Z$%LYK9CECFC$D3JZ'HRG(/XT .HHJIJ&JZ=I%O\



;?X5#?*XR71HT2NFGU1[-!
ES;Q3Q

M5:+X2^).N7VN7OV2VD2:)7\IY




Y!X)[4U:^HG?H

M1Z*!T]*M_M+22;O#D//E'SV/U^05[GI




!*JCJRLH ..X(Z?D?3OA3XY?
MQSX3%S=!5U&U?R;H+P&.



FJ:[JMQJ4




MO=W$HR.T

J?\-_(^E:**



M%O/?(Z$_)C]#4N[LEU=BH[Z]BKX
^$%YX_LAXH\9:Q?;KT;X4C8&5D[
68$*
M/10.GI3O&/P8NO!-B?$O@W5[\R6(

^/ZTSQ]D_[26@QR#*E[0D?1B?Z532=6'G
M_D*_+:?3_



MJI_Q$NC3_()+W&WNK&U^TG_R+.B_]?K?^@&LWPW\-M1^*5K!XE\8:G=6]H\8

(\R+)ZD@ 


M'\0KNWUE[_2M'M

M*\KQ.H/NH0$_G5;Q'\=[N769=(\$:&=5FC8KY[H\@D(/.R-

1[Y'T]:(U/X

M]:%/0/AQ??%*PMO$?B_5;JWM)(PNGV-H0/*B P#E@0



M]#:O

M
.+/.'<[CC




8O


3;54(+R(KVY&65?3[M=5X/_:#COM1@TWQ

_(('?G!/;@
MO0/CW_R2RZ_Z^8?_ $*M+X-PI#\*=##&Y)'/U

M;@9P64 


MWUE[_2M'M

MH/NH0$_G5;Q'\=[N769=(\$:&=5FC8KY[H\@D(/.R-

1[Y'T]:(U/X[^(?)


SD=SO(Y
OT\]W0H8T9AD!@1EL<=/:L[]H=%D\5^&$895H

4DOE

M&O+?V@/^28O_ -?D/]:F;]RS[K\T5%+GNNS_ 9M_#_ ))5H/\ UQ;_ -#:

*B^$'_)*M!_ZXM_Z&U2_%C_DEOB#_ *]O_9A58G[7
M]=B
/M'^NY@? #_DF$?_ %^3?TKB/&DNI?$KXR'P2^I-8Z3:'!0'ARJAF;'\
M3'H
]
?7/;_ #_DF$?\ U^3?TK)^)OP?U+6M?/B?PK=K!J38:6$R&
LZC :-



Q;]0*^AZ?+RQ2ZM78-WF^RT/G#POK6O_'
MQ_#X2URZ-SHMTZK&Q)V*K'R)G[O/#+]?K7H7Q[_ .2677_7S#_Z%7%?M*QH



BDP2H ((!&

MN;33/]7965F0!\O#/E@0



M^6Q\.VLNV*).0I[*J]-V#DL?7\!W.NS/#^S/&T9P3H]NA^AV _H37F'P_7XM
MKX84^# /[):9R
?9/O\  ;/F?-Z4Y)*K-6VV^]B5U3CY_H=WJO[.&B_87;1=


M^*SV?]()?#=;F7\6]0U+3/C?;W&CN$U!K2.&!B


MW^8Y.\VO)?D
BB2&%(HQA$4*H] *?110&P45Y[\3/BA_PKJ334_L?^T/MHD.

M\C[9;I-Y6_=LW#.
X&?R%:E4TT[


_A5_PL*ROKO^VOL'V258]OV7S=^1G.=ZXKZE\1?\
MBSJO_7G+_P@&O(/V:O^0#KO_7U'_P@FE3TF[=%?YW'4;Y8^MOE8ZKXM^.9


MS^%/%\/B;P+!XB2
*QA9IHE/W9$SN4?B./8BO&M4TSX]:UIEQINH0B:TN4



FXY_,5]+^!?'FE^/=(:]T\/#-P2X
MMI

;;0/ 4OB=D#+]F26&
G[[N!L7\R*\X_:34?
M\(UHK8Y%XPS_ 



V!DY[5]/^'O\ D6M*_PO.+_T 5X+X=B63]J2^+#[EQ<
/KY9






MLK+#:B128VQR2L8V=

@WQ#_UVA_D


M.$)\KA!\IQYOR]/QKKO^





M6L;]HA!+XK\





#]35.TIOM%:?D+503ZR8MY^S=X?:Q9;'6=3CO-ORO.8WCS[J




MS=9;?(O+B)AYL9SP6/WB
=?0BN'OKC7OCCXXO-*L;YK+PQ8-\Q7.UE!P&(S\
M[
1D \ #\_=_%$SV_A/6)HSAX[*9E/H0AKY=^&J_$H6%\_@0#[.95%R?]&SN







MP$^6K9Q\R-RH]\GZ5[B
CD5;ORHG3F85A^


M_P#:[:-I1'=E'60*



BO

9'4'BKO[-7_(!UW_K

M)

M *3\:?#5K.-UN4MAM;H0TS9HUDXP???R&K+FFNB+WA?X!C6]-35O&&K:A]OO

MY[E%S_2L+X(_\E7\6?[LW_H\5I9*J[?RO]#)_P /7^9_M?\C?X6_W6_P#1


MQ#I[.RV\4.
D9Y$8.0BC&


A_\_V?5R5M


\)8N_VGM7DN!^\CDN?+##/1=H_\=IM*4XI]5=_(
M$W&

M[Y^[74?M ?\ )
7_ .OR'^M=#\*/^26^'_\ KU_]F-*D[*5NEOQ0ZCNXWZW_
,M8OMUZ-\*1L#*R=F+,%'HH'3TIWC'X
77@FQ/B7P;J]^9+$&62
M.1@)54=65E !QW!'3\C[YI


B/N7


M07-_-Y!G0X:--I)VGL3TSVYKE_#7[/VB:IH%GJ.L:SJ

M*Q;KUKTOX@^![;QYX:;3)IO(N(W\VVGQG8X!'([@@D&O#DT7XQ?#=#%IS7=S
MI\1! M2+N(CVC(+*/7Y1_6IC97N5*[M8OW_PQ\7?#SQE8WG@9[W4;:3YV7(7
M 4C*2GA2#GCIWXXS7T7&S-$C.FQRH++G.#Z5X%X?_:&O+:^6P\7:
(B'V23V




BYK.;:CH7!7DDS

M]+]!NC%XR





M_P#D6-%_Z_&_] -1-WC&?5Z?B6E:4H=-_P  ^%OP?_L:_P!$\8?V[YV^V$WV

KOM#
MCZ

3'.6&



MI'J'CVPM_B'\(I;NPC\QY+=;ZTR/F#*


J2#P1WKRKP4



MVLH. Q&?G9B

8_/-?0O@^)8?
M!6A1H


MCCI67^T(]U+X\TWMB#*+8&%3C&]I!UX[#KQ5[_ (R&_P _V?2A9IRZW*G=



MS#\)KS4;_P.DUSJZ!-1:.X%RNW;B0#!X^HKK/VE?^0'H7_7S)_Z*K:##'!

M%
A'S(DX!]








M45&THJ_5?H=?X
UUO$?@O2M9FVK)
.&_4&O$+ZXU[XX^.+S2K&^:R
M\
6#?

_.S$9 /  _/NOA_-)!^STDR-B2.PNV4^A#28KQKX:K\2A

?%&M^$_'
OPZ\2W'VA%)2TE9BVP[=R@$_PLO0'

!EN!/:KMC5P3\J

\9[

'S$64CC
D9RN?JN1_P&
MO=]



$3L
M2!^&:Y&P\1:7\=MA\3Z@MYJK7
#22I(6 4]%Z#''8#'-.%_:)=Q3:]F_(]
M?^/?_)++K_KYA_\ 0J\_\!?#F;XGZ';ZOXFU2[CL+2);*PM[0JI5(P 3\P8#
M)]LDY]J] ^/?_)++K_KYA_\ 0JT_@Y&D7PIT
(
;HW8_4R-FI@M)OS7Y%3?P




M#CW.ZKPC]HZ[



M'_= \?2O0@,# Z54;1OW9+N[+HCY[T+_DZC4/\ ?F_]$U]5QMI\-=&L_'\
MWC*.YOSJ

M./#%W+D0I'N+8_NR G]*]STGQ%HNO!CI.K65]L4
XMIUD* ]-P!X_'TJCXM\






Q&0 .N





M03G-3_$?XOZ!I'AVZM-%U*WU'5+F-HHOLL@D2+(P79AQQG@9SFM3Q'\&/!GB



MN




=M*94-JZJ22


+.T5M$L*%RQ@

BM\_FR([W^7


_6O0K
MW]GKP5=3^9#)JMFF


DF/8


MS%;NZN6MV57



MK9E5MP! Y92

_A1'123ZM?D5
M+7E\KGE?[1__ (^F_\ 817_ -%O76:);W-W\$K.WLB1=2Z$$BQUW&' _6M/
MQMX'TSQYI4&G:I/=PPPS96M756+8(YW*W')K8T?2X-$T:RTNV:1X+.%((VD
M(+%5&!G  SQZ46O3E%]7^@^:THR73_





3&.0#TR.H]CFM9W52


#UXKT)E5U*LH96&
@B

_%?XN0K!:Z

MW3LK#!PS X^@&




MG]*]STKQ#HNO*_\ 9.JV5]L4
XMIUD* ]-P!X[]:H^+?!.A^-K!+76;9I/*)
M






1;LO(WIG& /I7IOQY4+\*KE0







MOZUV5*.D%'U_







4ABST9@23CUQD




M$W=

MV(Z9X!8\*1G&#Z?6MSXC?%SP]I'AJ[MM'U2UU'4[J)HH1:258\C!=F&0,9Z
M=2?QJ+P=X!^




MZ\


MCM9%F56(X9B

M2LD_
EW=AU%%%(9XEJGQ:UOPI\5YM(\3I##H*LP1X(#DQM@I)DY+8Q@X[[O0




M6.KQ+MN!=.L*R'LRDX7GT'2L/XU^





41TA
M;S;!J\[^21XE^TG_ 
BQHO\ U^-_Z :]6\*?\B?HO_7C!_Z *S?&_@+2_'UA

M+7=W_ )*\D_+]3Q7]H+1IK271/%]DFV:SF$
LBCD8.Z
GZ$
/Q%9G@6=OB7\
M;[KQ0Z



MP/.VDA2

J&

ET7

M.CN0G^KDY62/_=88(^G0TV[2O'M;Y!:Z:EWN59?B/X+ALVNF\4:28PN[:ETC


Y8)DLY]6


QR<]!GZU])6<+6]C;P.VYHXE0



M;^*6Q!$8MI$53R#SN4^G;%2M)Q?9IE/6

MKIR!^(R/QKSSX._$_2K#04\+^([I=.N[%F2*6Z;8C+N/RDG[K*21@]J]S' Q

;XA_%71+



MGXTCMY)=-O'#R%



M)?%O@'4-


5%OW?*^[95[5.9=DCP3X.?$_3-&T?_A%/$MQ_9\]G(ZP2W V

M/Q?.]UJ.GF.]8$&ZM7\N0\=3V8CU8&N?TS]G_P $V%QYLZZC?@8(CNK@;1C_














M/LZMC\






MQCD ]
CJ/8YKE=-_9^\$V%R)IO[1OP
$1W5P-O\ XXJD_B:;;EON*R3T.+^$
M.G:CXR^)FH^/+^W
=LCR&
M?YFOH2N-U7X:Z

M#\6Z3X[TZ

K ]

M;XV16$MIIO@JZAO[]I@994C\V/':-?[Q)(Z?GFMG5/@#X)U&X
T*7^GY))2T

+=73^8X/J!PJGW %/1N[T%LNY

M&611R





=M*94-
MJZJ22

X[\5E^+OECXST31M1EN8K=W5RUNRJ
M^5.1RP(_2G6]]MKO^MR:2Y8I/HOT
7X0?\DIT'_KBW_H;5XUX(UVU^'?QGUR
MVUTFUM[B26 RE3A
R!D8_PR1CGW%?0_AO0+7POX?M-%LI)I+:U4JC3,Y!)

MB?JH==RCGV(KU/0/@;X
T&]6[
%UJ



&IJ*EJZ



M+?Y\'W/AFTM9+&RN61II+=QYSE6# EW#9Y'?\,4Y^_[S'N:(=\*?\ DEOA






^YY/XU]:U\WS6^FZM^T;I-EX?AB%AIAC0BW \M?*4LV



$_#UKHMA)/);6P8(T[ N<L6.2 !U/I4/B
M7P=H'B^U6WUO3H[D)_JY.5DC_P!UA@CZ=#53E^\<X]0BO<Y659?B/X+ALVNF
M\4:28PN[:ETC/_WP#NS[8KSKPI\4O$WC;XG/9:)!#_PCBN&<SP9:.(#!8L
M

\

ETP0X'OCG\*]#L+*'3=.MK&W4+#;Q+%&H[*HP/Y5

$]
 =#V




M6^$'_)*M!_ZXM_Z&U;7B[PI8^


M2VC

_A5KQ!


M3[&9D:6VMHX7*$E254 XSVXJ_10M$UWU!J[3BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@!'7

MQ2TG2K/1-)M=


M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% 'F/C_X-V/B[51K6G7[

M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
I45XS\2/BOJMKXB7PAX,@\[5F81RSA Y1R/N(#QD=23P/Y8O\ P@'QI;_B
M9'Q=BYX?[+_:4HY]-@7R_P .E2G=7Z%-6=NI] 45XI\._BOK'_2?\(AXXA\



M:\/1^5K$ULZPQ J=EPN1CY_EQGIGC!KYO\0_\)]_PLBP_MK_ )&G=#]E_P!1


0)

M\@6*-C*JN
@%@2.
C@BN?.F_&+QE/%-EJPTR3









.Z*QT]($R\Q[!N[L9

MUI?$#:5:RDM AN9+4

MA8/_  M\_L[_D;LR?:/^/?KCY_O?N^GI^%*+]]?/\OT2]S[OS_ %/H_P+
M'_)+?$'_ %[?^SN:_9Z_P2;/\ ]?TO\EI_B#_A)/\ A0.J_P#6?\ (:^S

//WVVXB2*^MY/)N53[I;&0P] 1V^M-*Z=N@/2U^I



]R?Y4EJW;H










M3\*2NJEGTO\ E^@/6G==;?G^I]@T5Y_%XHUSP=\*3K?C2
RZS &#Q QCS'+D
M1C
?RC@KT[5YMIUG\7_B78C6;?7DTFPE8F!%N'M@P''R^6I8CK]X]J&M6ET#

XS^N
5]!Z-JD&
MMZ+9:I:Y\B[A69

M-)%)M#;6'?!!!_$5XGH?C#XD?$W2H-%T2]^S3VR
VHZHQ$&XLQV*#&ORX7'W

-

MOGV7P=\:?#$$FI6OB=M3:



M]NBSO:AE_P!GRP7(]VZ_E2R^(OB=\)KRU?Q+-_;6B.P1I/



$?





IIKNCZVHK
MPY\$_&S:=8/BG?=!=_V.*^<9./N^7M$6?TKI/A/\4K[Q)?3^&O$D0BUNV4[

M_P#7C!_Z *\I_:3_ .18T7_K\;_T UZIX794\&:
[D*JV$))/0#RQ2A\$O7]


M=\:?#$$FI6OB=M3:


M8\
1))K$P7?*4#F

PC4IHMOM







UPH!QPS. Z^Q' _F]OBT%Z:GT116'X

?^$


8TE=5$D;XW 97AE(Z'W'--*[MU$W9



M] F@\87WVN\2X*PDD
1&  #N RV3D\\^M=C5-6$F%%%97B3Q!8^%O#]WK&H


M?1%%8?A'Q38^


MG@?Q#/?)YKT'X ?\DPC_ .OR;^E5!?&UY?F3-_ GW?Y'J-%%%(84444 %%5M
M0O[;2]/N+^\E$5M;QM)(Y_A4#)KP3_A

M MNQSA.F?H:6[LAVTNSZ$HKYYO-'^

MN\SH4]]:R=;9IHG S_#D&OGSPM\6?'GB+36T'33_ &AXBNIR5NG@C1+: */F





YCQ'\-=9UCXO:9XM
KW?B34;(NJR

I66(
M'.R13AA]








FP




B&3RU3Y1C PH _2O%M:\2OX


M;_=WD$Y;'8 9]^!7EMIX8^


MYJ5I8Z5-J=S





MOC1I



MBA1


M6!







;


RC

MGWKU^OC_ 










:[&M:GQ
M

ME=S6-^96//\ X0_#W5O %IJD6JW%E



M TC6&EP@AK@'82O0.\F5SV\_7'$[NR*MI=GT-17@7E_%CX81KJVIZBOB#1







M/H_X;?#X_#[2[RR.K-J'VB42!C#Y03 Q@+N;\Z[:L#P7_P )!_PB=E_PE/\

D*M*N

(/^%F[

P)$=N6('?$F:UE95(2

M/?$3QE\0OA1XFM;#Q5=R:GITO)



M_0^A:Q+3POH.C7]WJ]EI-K#?S;Y);A4S(Q8Y;YCR
GM6R[I'&SNP5%&69C@


MD;_W^ZW_HQ:^@E^Z/I1#^'\V$OXGR1XG^TG_P BQHO_ %^-_P@&O3/ EDF

*

!=3M-/GMY;ZXF4M+';NNZ$?
MPY![GTXZ5W5K/]JLX;@Q20^;&K^7* &3(S@X)&151:Y';N3+XE?L34444AF3

7^.G@7PW:PZ3HEE?W-I;((X



M@C/..2

P 4$9YQR1CN*%\274'\+
M?0XCXYL=7^*/AO0IF86QCB! ]992K'\E%?0L$


'^$
H./SR?QKH/C'XJLO#W@'4+629?MVHPM;6\(/S$-PS8]

N/_ $$5

93^$_EBNH_:3_Y%

M (_0K)\

/_ *%5


MQ-83*X




MC?RZ;\



M57

(
M;'Q3H-KJVGS+)%,@+ ')C;NI]#6?XY\:Z?X%T!M3O1YLA8)#;*X5YFSSCZ#

M -'BO9/!OBN#QGX=CUFVLKFU@D=D1;@+EMIQD8)XSQ^!KQOX(_\ )5_%G^[-


M77[0_A&PQ;:?IVI7

M;Q)I\/AFV\.131O?33I


[' 4#J2:UGW;(CV



+OX?^%-5


M#ZY(+X_(UQ\=K:^
OVB[RS\2L6MENI8XX78@.(P=B?0XSCOSZU]%Z=X?T71X

\A_


M+/.?C9X:_P$@^'=U-%'NNM./VN/'7:/OC_OG)_ 5+\&/$8\0_#FQ5V)N;#_
M $27/^S]T_\ ?)7]:[Z6))X7BE4-&ZE64]#P17SAX2U@_KQEXTT*Y8%;:


 ?\ OJO;J\<_:*T6
M:^\'V.IPH7&GW)\W'\*.


MGBKP3I\\
RM:^(+$G,,;PS*/1F# _^@C\JS-.LX[W]JBY$
MJAEBN9)<'U6'(_7!KU_P!X^MO'^F7%[:Z==6:02-C
5*LV

MA?\ )U&H?[\W_HFJN_;1OV?Y$O\ A2MW7YGT)7SOXTB6']IK163@R26K-CUZ

^7+/)*
MW/=0 /\ T


D*Q7
:GF.0  @CK[CU!HA\$EY_
MH.?Q1?E^I6^*VF0ZI\
M=CF16
-LUQ&2/NLGS C\L?C6!\ /^281_P#7Y-_2
MKWQG\36F@_#W4+625?MFHQFV@B!^9MW#-CT SS]/6J/P _Y)A'_U^3?THA]O


4D1/S%


-K7P-X7FU4J]W




V.F
M6QD_B:\

DUQ9L\MSL.1&2  I]^I(^E9RMH7&^I[38.9/A

@$
*GN =Q/\ (?E7KFF?\DTM/^P0G_HD



MSU_R39_^OZ7^2UR6A?\ )U&H?[\W_HFM'_'7H_\ TE&:_@OU_P#;C7_:3_Y%

_P!I/_D6-%_Z_&_]

43W18653^( /XU]-5*_A0]'^94OX


?P






MKZ&5E=0RD



M@M'%Y)4(K*
@

]N1P0?R(H

M;+X8SQQ
5^U7






MXQ\17##!EMQ(1]9
T0_B/T8ZGP+U1F_&#Q ME\:K6YN[7[9;:4D!%JTFT/\


#2A?V:]65.W/\ )'R[\0OC'#X^\-C2

M5] $9!!KPC]FG_D&^(?^NT/\FKW>M:G3T1E3Z^K/GCX%1K!\3_%$*
MPF %/^/'_)1/G^ZO_HT4?!'_DJ_BS_=F_\ 1XH^/1_$/PJ20 $4DG_ *ZB
MHCO1^0Y?\OOF?0E%%%!050UR[;3] U&\4X:WMI)1]54G^E7ZJZE:+J&EW=DV
M-MQ\1S_ +0(_K4SORNQ4+



DZ+;?Z'8V5C!

5YAH'QT\0^$X8
M=%\1Z%]H-JJQ?/NMYU4#'S @@G&.P_K7L?Q!^(=K\/K*UN+K3;N[^U
R1F$J

8D19XED SVY'!!_(BIC=7:V_4

M!F[D*JX'ZG\Z]0UZ))_#NIQ2+N1[656'JIKSC]GK_DFS_\ 7]+_ 6O2M8_













_%5IXJ\$Z?/#


MNXO;73KJT201,9BI5FQDA2#SCZ#J*\?^'UW%X^-^M:+JC);PWC/#$[\+DL





M2RP


_K5*SCS+O8EW4K/L





\+:+
M+G[.5CR




M_DU9/Q(LX]0_:)T2UE4-'(UH'5NA&\DBM;]FG_D&^(?^NT/\FJEXX_Y.7T#_
M 'K7^9K=_P :G_70P7\*I\_S/H2OGC]H&)4\;^&9UX=H]I(]I!C^9KZ'KY\_
M:$_Y&_PM_NM_Z

M9_TV&T^&ZW:*/-O+J1W;UG:!^A_.NN\?Z))XA\ :QID;YY;8F)?5U^91^8
-NN!ZALY^HIPWFO0<OAAZO\CV::&.X
M@DAE0/'(I1U/0@C!%?/?P

MIZA.L-M;H7=F/7V'J3T KP+X!WS:G\1_$=^PPUU \Q'INE!_K2I_Q'Z
53^&



BV5[;:C90WEG/'/;3('CE
MC;*L#W!KR3]H'Q59V7A'_A'4F5K^^D1FB4\I$IW;CZ9( 'KSZ5-1:6ZCI[WZ

O-O@I_R6+Q-_USN/_1ZUZO\ G1I
MM^&FCVEPK+.T1G=6&I=BP!'L*\H^G_)8O$W_ %SN/_1ZUL_X[]'^AE_R
MZ7JCZ*HHHK
L*\M_: _Y)B__ %^0_P!:]2KRW]H#_DF+_P#7Y#_6HJ?#]WYH

:\C_:*B\_QAX?B_OVY7\Y
5ZW\)R&^%OA_







E7%G#);7!E<W3LH(*D

(_AKK.L?%[3/%MO<VV%J82\<DCB4[2<


ULWMGRP0QQWXZ=*]!^*OP]/C[0(H[65(


MWPCMFM?A9H*



MC7CSX


M-
2UU)7CGB)

M@8?KW-?0-%)*P[W/(O!GP









+
M=5D2'QGXSN+K3D8$VL-W-/O [9DP%_(U[I126@V[[GEF@?V[T#XM2^)+0Z?


!-





M=0:O:_0*\F\:_ ZPU_6&UK0]0;1]1=_







MI+-;.^Q[5V92C

EE-:
S2V[;V;)W

_P5^(%RYTZ?QR9=&/R[9+J=B5Q_P \


;&VC&
M

RO$G$9)4DKAL$@''7M5JBFW=.+V%U3/GZ3X$^+]$U2=_7BM


A22-QD


M1110
*AN[2WO[2:TNH4FMYD*21N


M/X&O?**%H#U

C\:]VHI6U

CO% Y'#%F!9L$G!P

MO_!7@Y-'U*:VEN!/))NMF9DPV


BT4K:*/8
M=];G@-M\'_B8+2;QV8M/ *XBO[EL+V^0@#\


8R0NU



MJ#U21Y9XC^&NLZQ\7M
\6V]S8+86IA+QR2.)3L))P I'?UKH_B;X4OO&?@N;
M1M.EMHKAY8W#7#



MINO&4ES8'3I6D*Q+(_G#='M&1MQU]Z]3HIW?-S=?^!8GE7+R]/\ @W/._BYX


H(9&XZ^W3-9


UL &*K






M0J_W47G ]\Y/Z5WU%--H&KF+XI\+Z9XPT*;2=5B+0O\ 

I[$5XR?
M@;XUT*1X_OC/R+:1BS*;B:U/;&1'N#'WXZ5] 45-K.Y5]+'BFA_ BYN=6AU
M3QMX@EUB6, F .[AB#G#2.=Q7VP*]I$:(1!%\L+MVXXQZ8IU%4WI8FVMSQ;


M9[L/NCZ5XKXK^ \L^N2ZWX0UC^S+MW
@AD+(J
3R4D3YE')XP?RKVH?='TI:

M






-- G\0








1\0;:TFMKY;34+


M]^*;\








MB*P.P..C

M7]S82
M6U^)!$MO(Y<;I-PW J!T]:]3HHI=$NV@[:M]SRS3?AKK-G\:;KQE)<V!TZ5


MNBWVFW-A%%8J1(+F1U8_
4)/4C/KC/7UJBDUU&G96/#])^?B'4[R&7QU


M'7@;3?'FB#3[]GADB;S(+B
 M$WT/4'N*\FM?@I\0-+D^PZ9XW%MI.?^6-U/

OB3XJ\?^'=4@C\+

M'[ML?
?^^ &KZ8MK:*SM8;:! D

T FPR2J

JT55W=/MJ3;1KOH(. !7GGQ<\!:IX^T?3[/2KBSADMK@R
MN;IV4$%2.-JMS7HE%2U?<:=MC+\/Z;)I?AC3-+NC'));6D<$A3E6*J%.,@9'
M'I7E7B7X*^K/JWA#6'TBY)9Q =P16/]QU^9![8/7CTKVFBJD^:7


M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%


(#FV!'7*E09


\XSU'
M:O1:;30D[A1112&%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44




*
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***X'P=\2XO&?C#5M)L[%H;33
MX_\ 6RGYY'W[3P. .OJ?ITH6KL#T5SOJ*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH ****  G R:^9= B7XI?'FZNK_ /?:?:N\JQ$Y4Q1D*B_0





BCEXV.W:?
M7!((].?6NI\ WC^



QZ#K3KSC\0?#^TL[X1+W3427/?=&
M,G]:\B^!%_-X?\5^(/!5_)B1)&DB4\9=#M?'U&T_052C:<H/Y?+<GFO
U\_



MYT^



U](QPQ10)!'&JQ(H54 X '0

M5U6ST72;C4]0F$-I;QF21SV']3[5X3^T)_R-_A;_ '6_]&+7H?QFTR]U7X7Z
4_./Q[

M9&OK?45M)/

5AM<Y5&7IN7L!QM7

M2^*'_)

AE
FP*Q&68+

M#OXSXI\'BULI6PH^SS6\F
\D&0D
0.V!^%:'[..A6J:



MXKC(?COXLT/4HH_%_A




@M7U+5BH)@1]







=NM;^H?%;P+IJ



MP:Y/XPZ9;ZE\
-8
T2N]M&+B)B.492.1^&1^-8O[/TSR_#
([96*\E5!Z#@_
MS)IQ?

MP[^
MEXUU


M!DGJ6/90.Y/I7S@/$.C:[^T/I6KZ$LB6D]U$K
4V%W(VLV/0^_O71_'R]N-7
M\5^'/4,A5)2LC#L7D?8I_ !OSIN\HQLK-Z5E*5]DKBR?'+QCKD\C^$O!IN
M+2-BK

MG:1T[^GK.BZ-8^']'MM+TZ!(;:W0*JJ

M/?/X5?\ $WQDU%M3N=



MUF.V;8][Y$LL98'G1\X]2/IZU_#'QYN6UV/1O&.C+ID[N(VGC5XQ&Q/&^-





M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
/? =M]@\6^&I[V.#+<3;HF/IF4!E?MSUX/


M
/R85V'PE^%
:ZWX@^!K/Q[X=;3IY
M/(N8F\RUN 
^6^

MT=3D

9WB-D\L+ZE8B2Q;'][I
M2E'FTCL.
N5WENCJOV=+&2W\7MU(A5;F]8H?[RJJC/YY_*N;^/_)5_%G^[

(@[GU)]23DGZUXY\'] UG3/B9XFN[_2;^
MTMIEE\J:XMGC1\S9&UB


U$/C?
)6&
R/ _AW\+Q\3+*Z
M\3^)]9OG

M2I.W\Q7E6D6WQ6^$\MQI^FZ*VJ:?+*641V[7
3''W@(R&7(QUQTK6N8OC!\3

M#*0@!!!Z&N4^
OA^/7OAMJ).T36*_;(F)Q@I]X?BI85K5ERU'-='^%R**YJ:
M@^J_0\]^)LK^//B_H/A&V?=9VX5YB




M_OE01N/N1C/O7D/P
\!Z-XKN=3U#68OM


MF6S_ #/4*Y+XH?\ )
?$7_7F]=;7


7_)*-=_ZY)_Z
6LSX%Z7J&D?

ZI\
M3M-/M+B[N7:

M;X;B
QNN9&(RI (XKR[5O ?C?X;^
KK7_!=N]]8S%SLB3S$8Y\MX_O-@]O

MTFQ_:.TFQT:VM[:UMKJVB

?'OA_49;6\UC,\=U=7%E;23-M_P ZDX))



M7

-I^J'/XH?



M]N5![@S


*PF^&_BKP3X]\/ZC

M/CH?8]#_ /6IIN
826K38M'.2V32.KCD26-9(V#(X#*PZ$&O-/CSJ
-E\
+J



)-<\7+XL\?R'S4D$J6S.K/(P/R[@ORJ@_NC\AWF/Q+L-NR\

M4?3]3PC]I7_C\\-?[L_\XZ]
^)=G+?\ PEUF&$$N+
28 SD(0Q_0&N#_ &@M


M].M




M%JWC/5M

MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** /GS]H3_D;_W^ZW_ *


M5FX..22
 &OHAE#J58 J1@@C@UGZ?H&C:3-)-IND6%G++_K'MK9(V?ZE0
]:
M5DW[VP[V6FYG^!_#
?A#PAI^C(0TD*;IG'1Y&Y8_F?R KH:**IN[NR4K*P44
M44AA1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444

I&?2N:\



M\/Z?I
)W1VD0AO[V!R?Q/-:-%%-MMW8DK*RBBBD
**** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **

)_&VDSZK_9+6%EYS1VKO/O







M$WC/P_X0MEFUO48[8O\ ZN( M(_T49)'OTKAK?\ :&\%37?DR1:K!'DCSY+=



?$%_K&H?9K:[4B!_)D??^

W[

1][ ST]*X#XX7]MJOP@BURE\VUN;B

^$GAU]:OUADEA?RX$4O(_SMR%';W.!1':7-





$DFB:BEPT?^LB8%)$]



3QNBQJN
;*_^RQG4;Q <&XM



AD;T93R#]:%JK@]'8UJ*P












M*'CEC8

M37?[0_@NWG


M')C&3@'AL=\$T)7V!NVYK^*-;_X1OPQJ.L_9_M'V.$R^3OV;\=LX./RK*^'O


A]&4\@_45)K_B




MY+5_B9X3T71;/5KO5!]GOD\RU5(V

MJR7D*A3[HS8^IP*$KNP=+GJ%%-1TEC62-E=& *LIR#W%9'B3Q7HGA+3_MN






M=(O8[NU?HZ=0?0@\@^QYJKXE\7:%X0MH+G7;[[)%._EQMY3R;FQG&$4]J'IN







M.I/L.:'INUV-O/?'GQ/_X0CQ%I6D_V/]M_M  ^;]I\OR\OMZ;#GUZBLQ?V




M[6A;R?
W[



MAA@D$




J6&C6$E]J5W#:VL?WY96VJ/_ *_M7F=Y^T+X
M*MKKR8DU2[3_ )[0VRA/_'V5OTI7UL/I<]7HKG__C;P_P,8))-$U!+AHO]
M9$5*2)[E3@X]^E:NI:G8Z/827VI7<-K:QCYY9GJ/Q-#TW!:[%NBO*K_ /:#

MI/L#FA*^P-VW.SO+C[)8W%SMW^3&TFW.


MOU%/1)KO^A[O1110
***S-?\0Z7X8TI]3UBZ^S6:





LS'  ]33:MN



EV
^


O@

M+*




M_.G/E@ ]





MOB%_PKS3+*]_LO\ M#[3






M=#3:L 4444@
9OP^WIL&/7J:]$KYN^U]::9\0/%=[?7$5O


&]_NTU;ECW:0M

(.U\ JR-Z


M;CV^8$J

BQP-!)



^*%GX+_ +'\S[28

M))HKC]IK1)H9%DBD-LR.AR&!0X(-3YXKH_\A2=H2?5?YGT/1110,**** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** OGSP(_P#PD_[16NZK*-ZV7GF(


BQHO\




M?^*'_)

D]N_\ L(R?^@)3I_;7H$_LOU.9\?/=_$GXQVO@

*3)]& (_G7A'_#


D$CJ3^AKS/\ :/WW$'AB\17$#K-]X$8)






M^[_]%1'6JK]G^!4M*;MW1ZR_P ,O!3Z6VG_ /-::L139YBP*)1[^9][/OF
MO(O@89=%^)_B/P]'(7M4253D]3%*%4_DQKZ)KYX^%'_)?/%'_;Y_Z/6JI_Q'
MZ

^$GAW1-&B.K:9:ZIJLR



M%0.A!R&*N5##Z@_RJ/\ :

\)7^DZ
M[H%NM@9Y&5XX!M19%PRLH_A[\#CBOI-?NCZ5XG^TG_R+&B_]?C?^@&IG)IJ2

M$IEC1NJ@G:Z_@P'_ 'U7J_A3_D3]%_Z\8/\ T 5XEKT9^'?[0ECJL?[K3=88




AF=0<
KO:S?0$$C_QX58\(_$SQGX5\96O

]7N$





L 3PJKW/7@_C57^(K*
M[T_)AI!]%_P3TZW^'?@RVME@3PMI#(HV@R6:.Q^K,2?QKP;XBZ/H_@KXJZ






M]PQC8YS%NP\9]=O!!Z]*]





U/0?&5BFV


M2^'VL/O+C!(]:] _X9E_ZF[_ 








\9^%?&5KX8\;I++'.Z1;K



M6 @PO;1LA'3:5&*Q?B-(D7PW\1



MA;_=;_T8M=9^T$CM\
T9 2J7L1?'888?S(K!_P '_MY_H:K^
O3_ #
3X0?#









MSZ]


M+O12&C)SZ]



M^A5=^%]E!J7P9TJQN5W07%K)%(OJK
P/\ZI?'O\ Y)9=?]?


M_P#ABDDJC[;_ -?


M_@KP]9?'G3?#5OI^S2)FA$EOYTASN4D_
6W?K7T+X-T&/PSX0TO2$55:W@42
M8&
R'EC^+$UXQXJ_Y.AT?_?M_P#T$U;M[6
5MM]R(N_92D]]_O:/7K3PKHOA








M_
P_A!\




6O6/B-XF?PEX#U'58#BY5!%;\9Q(QV@_AG/X5Y1

M]3$^$'PQTO4M#3Q7XD@74[R_9I(H[KYT5=Q^9@?O
3D\YKN/$WPE\(^(-)EM
MH=&L]/N=I

MP7\Z;DE*$WZ/YZ?Y#4;J45UV_
]&\9:T/#W@[5M5.-UO;.R G&7(PH_
BOG7
_F/\J_J<_A7+? ?PX-&\ )



PT_2]0MD#
MP-;JL/F'(&W:

W#H=IR5811@+SG


/QMO+.\N)?[%TTNNQ&QB



#CZ# KR[Q4WV7]J#2I;DCRWDM_+





M3?$W_7*3_P!'NB_9PC=?!FJR'.QK_\=PBY_F*YWX$#'Q.\3 ]?*D_]'M'
M_&?^%_H8O^%_V\CZ)KY[\)_\G0:Q_O7'_H(KZ$KYZ\(NK_M/:RRD$;[D9'LH
M%1'^*O1_D7/^&_5?F;'[2?\ R+&B_P#7XW_H!K6^&OPVT:;PW:Z_XALHM7U;
M4XEN)'OD$JHI'RJ%88^[CM^F*R?VD_\ D6-%_POQO\ T UZKX3 7P=H@4
M6$& /]P44_AD_/\ 0)OWHKR_4\;^.WP_T+2_#D&OZ/I\%A/'.L
T=L@2-U;.


M=/WZ1TPCM_.D&-J@CY@V[]:]/\ BCIT/@_X+WNF^'87M+-72,HKLY5'D^?Y
MF).3CKWKCO?_)T&L?[UQ_Z*]\O[&UU.PGL;V!)[6=#'+&XR&4]14ZNC'S

G!/H*Y[Q%^S?#+))-X<UDP@Y*VU
MZFX ^GF+R!]5)]S7



MO):8%9(LYV.IPP!]



MA^(?@N6? A20



I'GPP);LA]0R@5X[I]Y\4_B[)=7NF:J-)

^





MZ2
ZK&FU1GA.3W'\1KZ9\*?\B?HO_7A!_P@JC_  WZ_H1)OG7I^I\Q^#?!


M]+_:'\-P08:1#:!P.Q\TM_+FMO\ :3_Y%C1?^OQO_0#4RUI0;[V^YE*RJ2MV

M[R_9I(H[KYT5=Q^9@?O




M

L9/\  H.5X]1UK
^+_@/P

\/^



^;?A=!)X0^.VH^&X

#V.!C\
M:\[TG_DZNY_Z[S?^B#6K^TLCG2_#\@!\L33 GMDJN/Y&HD[TH7Z_YE15JLOO

_VJ

M:O+G2M*MM/U.VA:6!K.
1*Y SM91@'..N
BN%TO]G2/5-)L]0B\78CNH4F4?
MV=G 8 ]?-]ZM?\
R_P#4W?\ E-_^VU=1-MK;]*;LD]_U.K^ _BRY\0^#IK
M^F::ZTR011CEFB893/TP1] *]5KS[X9_##_ (5U)J3?VQ_:'VT1C'V;RMFW
M=_MMG.[VZ5Z#53:;NA15E8****@H\-_:$T*6*+2/%MDMQ92B&5U[#.Y&_!L

7B?PIJ6CR@?Z3 RH3_
M  N.5/X
 :\L^ &OM;Z)K7A[4'












GQEU%]3
MDD_L;3BP$2-C




M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5\^^&HO^$0_:5U&PE#)#J?F^46X!$F)1C_@0*U]

:$U&:D]MGZ
=N:+BM_\CU^

Y
MANH@^






CXPNU3R$4=#WP.O-
M:/[2?_(L:+_U^-_Z :]MJCJ6C:7K421:KIMG?1QMN1+J!90I]0&!P:4E=)+9





MT?48KP+\ZVH22



MI;&\N-2GQ\L





G/U

ULJ-YRC@
0S+UQU!(/M69^T)_R-_A;_=;_P!&

MKHNB:?-::);R!Y)).=IZ%Y. 0,X4'UZ]O8_%?@T7_PLNONEC!CM$CM@QQN
M

M4\Z9!OC!XRJH6YY^\2 *]GU+0-&UDJ=4TFPOBGW?M5LDNWZ;@:GL-
T_2H!!

PW@M'C=&(R'21

]

$__ *+:K6F:'I.BK(NE:796RD&06MND0<CIG:!FKDT
M
5Q#)#-&DL4BE71U#*RG@@@]155??5O*PJ7N2N^]_P 3Q;]FW_D5M9_Z_5_]




U6-




MAPP(HDKQ45L$7[W
SDOA!_R2K0?^N+?^AM7;U!9V5KIUI':65M#;6T8PD

8

MUTE%*2NK#B[.Y\?^HKWQSXE\+^%[Q2;#3'D8J!R(]QD?/UP%K[     & *S
M;'P]HFF7DEY8:/I]I=2@B2:V2-W!.3E@
G)YK2JW*Z2_JY-M;GSOX\\.:]\



A!X(IU??O;J337(EY'EW
M[/7_ 39_P#K^E_DM<AXXT77?A?\1)/'&@VOVC2[IF:X0*2J%N71\= 3R&['

L+6R@W%O*MH5C7)ZG@#-6F4,I5@I&.#3D[RYE_6@
M05HN+_K6YXO)^T?H+6/^C:)JDFH



\-\2_M











M









M[:6VN[^\ANB)1L^1GVCCJH&
8/.!7M_Q[_Y)9=?]?



M+*VAMK:
82&&


E(








[0
U2LI-KJK$M-I+L[GC


MBA9^.;6T
]D7BDW8^59$ 4HQ[9 &#[^U?1:1I$@2-%1!P%48 H=$D0I(JNC#


[0
U;E[\I=_\[F?+[D8]





#Z[AGZ5]7^$M!B\




MT\R


M]!Q7MUW96FH6[6][:PW
+ AHYHPZD'U!XJEI_AK0=(E




M6EZ=:6

WJ0H&35VJE*]OZ]1)6N%%%%2

 52M?F8M;


MW%H5JIGNYFY9P@W?

MS6HMO L!@6&
0D$&

]B

MR#2M+L; 2X


ML6G)#XBTC4$U&(;)3:(C(S#@G#


'&YW/3=C@*/\:](
M^+/PS?Q)X2L%T2

MH51] *EIM+EY5Z_
2;YN9^AX#X6^/@T334TGQAI.H&_M (C+ B[WQTWHY7#8

7-WJOP:^+=_J4]A)<:9?2288<6

MW?[0=CJ
(LO#&@:I=ZO/\D$4Z(%W'OA&8G'7''3J*Y'X8Z9J6D?'J6TUB19-

M;54TNR747&&NUMT$S#&.7QGH .M$;*7

/_H5:WP@








MZ1A?

M=4U?=_DMASUJ/R_-[GSG\7-
U;PA\4;3QU:VIN+(O%(6Q\JR( I1CVR 
'W]
MJZ=?VD/#!M0S:1JXN

M5OX=TF&X!)$L=E&KY/7D+FIC=+EZ#EJ^;J?+7Q&U[Q1XXC@\3:CI
MCH:/\
M9[
$'8PW9!.Q./O 8X KZ@\$W











MQ1]W1;'DO[.MS'+\/[J $;X;]]PSV*J0?Y_E7.?M#P7-GX@\.:VL+/;Q H6Q

M;E4 .[(^7:QSC'?':NVK.TS0-&T4R'2M)L+ R8#FUMDBW8Z9V@9K1H=N@*_4




M[A@5




Z<H2VU^QD4@# &\;9/QW -_P*OH[
M4]?T;16C&JZK8V!E!



M  .P%.JJGONY


:X4XZA$9BQ]N*X7X9Q:GH
MWQSM(?$

M0




D7.IQ:G/I5C+J$6!'=26Z-*F.F'(

M/^%AV%_=?V5_9_V258]OVCS=V1G.=JXKJM:ELX=$O9=1MOM-DD+-/!Y/F^8@

MM%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4

5S!)!-&LD4BE'1
MAD

L[FRTRYO'M)IC
L%PZLL)/4)A00.G4GI]:Z&BB




MJ=GHNF7&I:A-Y-I;(9)9-I;:H[X )/XANP%NBLGP]XETCQ7IIU'1;O[5:0
MQ^9Y;I\PQD88 ]Q6M0U8$[A1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444R&:*XB$L
J21G




@X//0T!Y$U%%% !1110 4444 %%


+.

Z

^YKH:.E





+1X=&M6624#SKB5M\LF/4_P!  /:N


/(*



/(**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HI&944LS!549))P *X

M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ IKNL:%W8*JC)9C@E)
-F2-D;:T?F'@@]OI5*ST

X/IQWB^(OP6M_!N@'Q%X
M=U.^;[$RM*EPR[U&0 Z





6UK]3VW3M8T


MY?
M;.T956WB/W0-P;J



MUL9-3UW5KC4I
M+.C(%9SU.&4D\^K5R'@.;5OAG\8O\ A$+B\
]A=2B)EZ(^


GZ!B



M)/HG^[+_ .C7II)IM=+$O2R?4[VBBBD






8S@DD?C6SK_ .SU;V%@U]X4UC4$U*W_ 'D:7+J=Y'.%9%4J?0\T/W?B



ZQCGIRQ%1:=XAT76&9=
UC3[YE^\+:Y24CZ[2:\*\$?!
M


M5$R1
T4+;=RN#T56&


MR=CV+3]5T[5H//TV_M;V'_GI;3+(OYJ2*MGI7RQXR\*ZA\%O%6FZOH.I3R6D


;D%#QC<O


M-9U&:[NXEG8VDB*@W#/5E8MUZUD7_P 

MIX4@YXZ=^.



MJ

]R*\J\$?!




LI_X$A)_
M*OH4D $DX ZDT]+*2V8=7'L+2



RQK^;$4W3M9TO6(S)IFI6=[&#




\4$0ZO*X51^)K+@\0PW




RQK^;$4:

ME4^96Z ] !CWZUPOC+PKJ'P6\5:;J^@ZE/):3D^69
!OEQNCDQPP(/H/IQFG

3V3;N_E




?%&M^$_'
OPZ\2W'VA%)2TE9B



M(/XBO&;+]F_PX+&









-%N;#5FW:KIQ57D

M4'K@4Y)IJ*Z@M4V^AZ_=^+_#-A.8+SQ%I-O
!DQS7L:


Q_9N\/K8H-
M0UC4Y;S'SO;F-(\^RE6./QKEY%USX^,+.,7[WWAO4')*,


M/X?OKTV=IKNF7%TI(
$5W&[@@X/R@YZUJU\_^
OV?]-TKPW=ZEH&I7[W5I&T




MW8.2Q]?P'2ZK^SAHOV%VT76=1BOE&8S=
CH3Z':JD?7/'I3U2O(6E[(]MHKQ
?_ !AUW6/_@^U


M[=T&PMSABRL6;U/K26MVMD-Z6ONSVK3M9TO6(S)IFI6=Z@.UM.L@'XJ35ZO
MF3XB_Q_AK:6WB7PWK%X(XIE1O



/%MBOP]LM1DM;




MOII)FTUT


T5VR


KD]R
$9]A35G?NA/2SZ
Z'5?AKHVL



MOWM@C[VVY](TC



MX7Y)9#&8]W8[0H.

M/7&




M./8*\R^/?_)++K_KYA_]KB/%7_)T.C_ ._;_P#H)KM_CW_R2RZ_Z^8?_0JB
M6M-2[O\ )HN.E1Q\OS3-'X4W5O9_+1+BZGB@A2!RTDKA54;VY)/ KK--UW1

M



MUM& S 9#8]P1^.:\DCLK[XT_%'5;'4]5EM-+TUG\NWC.2%5M@V@\;CU+'/IZ

M[
F;1M5U);Y5)B%VT;QL?0[44C/KG\*W_@O'XSLM%NM/\56=U';Q%6LI;IP7
0+/:SQ3PL,K)$X92/8BI:^;/$
M/AK7/@9JUKKV@:G)=Z/<2B*6;C)QG:X'!R <

B[G*@!@
M.N,CJ#Q0_=7O M7[I[W17A/[-1SIWB$^LT/\FK,_:_Y'KPU_UQ'_HRFU:4

M;Q-+/*D4:\L[L% ^I-9&FWL&F^K.^N706^GI+(Q[*L8)_E7@^E:3X@^/&O


CH3Z':JD?7/'I5




M*M-U?0=2GDM)R?+
F WRXW1R8X8$'T'TXS7JWQ-\$I\1?#6G:S'J?V)+*TDN

M)(Q9F.T\DGDU[;7R1\


G^59MV5V:)7
M=D233Q6\32SRI%&O5W8*!^)K.L/%'A_59_(T[7=
O)@



M_P 

09T.&C3:2=I[$]

MOK34(%GLKJ&YA8 K)#('4@].*Y3XL?\DM\0?\ 7M_[
*\DO_ACXN^'GC*Q
I:!J5^]U:1M,T5VR,)%49(!55P<=.M:5'9\SV_X


M4?

MAN7NOWMA+WOAW/HBD9E12S

B.B8W2D'&\DXV_4=
DT--2Y

MC3(I
7&J2B+:#SY:_
Q^GW1_P*N;\7^'#X7_ &;;73Y%VW#2PS3_ .^[[B/P



\O=/J*D=U1[L%51

MVLH. Q&?G9B






;R3:Z

M7:3ZBK]?


LB


MDMVBY=CZAI'=40N[!549))P *Y/XH?\ )

MI_AG39&:?R?OW




M 

M1[AD;E=2



M8U&6ST2UDVK''RJ$]$C4\;L=6/J/PE7;LBM$KL^A+#Q1X?U6?R-.UW3+R8#/



,?8_LV-N0%^_NYZ9^[3?A9\'_ .T[30?&7]N^5MN!
M<?9/LF[/ER$8W[^^WKCO125[M^7R'4=K6\_F?14,4=O!'#$H6.-0JJ.P P!3
MZ**0!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% &7XDED@\+:M+$9$LYF7
M'7(0XKR']FJ*(:)KLPQYK7
:GCG:%)'/XFO;KB!+FVE@D&4E0HP]B
&OF[P'



B\&%FW*R^I0\$?7U
V+?7(KSK7=2E^-7Q5T^STNWD.CV6%,
MC*1B+=EY&],XP!]*]-^/*A?A5<J!@XA '_ JB6E'7J[_BBKWJ:=%_F:GP<B
M6+X4:&%'WHW8_4R
:N?%%0WPP\0@C/\ H;'^55OA!_R2K0?^N+?^AM5KXH?\


NI\'S0G[
M0Z+)XK\


*MA !_WP*\M_:3


M_P!?TO\ ):X_18ED_:IO2P^Y+*P^ODX_K78?L]?\DV?_ *_I?Y+7):%_R=1J



MV]Y.L15^^TL0&'N*(?P[=4W^(Y_&GW2_ K_'**.3X4:FS]8Y(67COYBC^IJQ

MTWX+_P#))]$_W9?_ $:].G\

M4?\ )+?#_P#UZ_\ LQK ^/R


KYUH?RP:^

MF6P!N]BS6X_O.G('X\C\:E_P?^WG^A:_BKT_S/%_B_&Q/VGCPX -'\K-KC




T*35
MM4=A&IV1Q(






M?^ZW_HTUZ/XJ^+'A;0](EELM6M-3OW4K;6UE
LQ=STR5R%&?6O


M%C51T  %?/W[0G_(W^%O]UO_ $8M?02_='THA_#^;7\3Y(\2_:34?\ -:*



M&$1#[))[8




M)+;%HD+KG[H$8)/.!AC]:[[]GLD_#5@22!?2X]N%KG/C'\6-%O?#MQX;T&Z6
M^FNBJW%Q%S'&@(. W\1. .



UO=/')QGY20$/_ 5+_@*E+FBZ7G^#W-&U%JIY?BMCVWX#^'!

M:.$@=
$3L2!^&:Y&P\1:7\=MA\3Z@MYJK7
#22I(6 4]%Z#''8#'-?0&I_
M$WP7I5D]U+XDTV8*




;
#;UYZ8J6:']H.X@DAE
F .A[8KO:J=[V8HVW05X+\<XHY_B#X

MC*N:]ZKYW_:



MCK'&_P *=19P



UGX&\

M;)!)
[+S\WEIC;[9)^E=9XJ\



V(8U'OGYI



V(8U'OGYI
_2E^!'C+POI'A:YTO4
;S94MF61]Q(=A* 3D\GG/7
MUJQ^T0@E\5^&(V^ZT;*?H76L_P#9UN#-XYU=Y7S++9%SGN?
4D_K6G^T)_R-





A_\












M_P#7K_[


M*$1_L&I1
TP7NV-KC\]C?C2B^66NS7_!0VN:.FZU_1CO% 7XA_M!6&BJ3)I^
MDX$V.1\GSR?FVU/PKK/V@Y7B^&@1#A9+V)6'J




A

M(=.^S075M('D$\+!IZM]U&./XNV*Z7XA_&*R\&Z@NCZ?9'4]7.-T0;19Z


I8-AU4 C(R#T



M!T_5/.U.(NKP?9Y5P4.&^8J%XQZUT]'2X_(*XGXNS/#\*]?:
[C!NX(F(





GW[UY9;_ !1^*OB9O-T#PG'':

M






MKDVJ^ [V1[9FRD4

 E!*%\?+



Z7#2Y_AVJ37G/[
M.&EW2?V[JYB:.RF*0Q9Z



9[]1C%;7Q+^+F@Z7X9NK+1-3M]0U.[C:*
VDHD6($8+E



\)W/ASP3)=WL1AO-3D$P1QRL8&

LJ1^;'

M;6UU^ XV4TGY_B:GPPABA^&7AY8@ ILT8X]3R?U)KH]3ABN=*O()@#%) Z.#
MT(*D&O%?@[\3M

M(#T+_KYD_P#017H&B_%'P=JVCP7Q\0:?:

*?!@']DM
Y&/LGW^ V?
^;TKZ GT5?$7P



M .@FO

I!4C


M*I\JWL[A9GD;L


M'MO'GAIM



M7:




Z'J

M^/?_ 2RZ_Z^8?\ T*O3:\R^/?\ R2RZ_POF'_T*L*GP_=^:-8;_P!=F;_P

5YJCB8*

MH4/B?4%O-5:Y@:25)PGHO08X[ 8YKZ U/XF^]*LGNI?$FFS!1D1VMPL[M
M[!4)-?.MIXL_X2[X[:7KDD9@AFU&%(HVY*(%4'W[GW-33_BQ2%47[N5SZB\

TP7NV-KC\]C?C4Q?++79K_@HMKFC



MX@



MQOV_4I7]K*W?]#QUO!'Q9^'









M]_Z^9/_ $$5ZWX4_P1/T7_ *\8/_0!7F7[1FFSW7@S3[V*
NEI=_O2!]U6


^@4 5% X   KD_B;X;_X2

1S^ %=CXNT)?$WA+4]&) :Z@9$8]%?JI

MS?XGT57SI
HM_P!JU1;@#=.I8 XZV_S?UKUK6_BGX-T739+PZ_8WC*I*065P

9/0R


MP_\ H5:'P7_Y)/HG^[+_ .C7HI_#/U0I[Q^9WM%%%(84444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11


4C1$!






X[\59HH6BL#U=S


.(_LLB+G=C.=RM_='I6]K6AVVN^'KK



Z^:

I_IWKQ\_!7Q_H

M9W.^^9U0Y))/(7H.



EFI6




M[/V;[0OEX]

Y8+DLY]68\L?J:OW=I;


DGX$_=S[8KJZ*%IL#UWN(\6?
K:Y8W%[)<ZFS-


M)84+D%B%  SCOQ5FBA:*P/5W/.O$WP4\(^*-4DU*9+RRNIF+S-9RJHD8]R&5
M@#]
5V&F^'M/TWPU;^'Q&;FPA@$&RYP^]/1N




M76;/XTW7C*2YL#ITK2%8ED?SANCVC(VXZ^]$?XB;VL_R%/X&EOI^8Z]^ /@F
?!=S<F6*;5;

7E*

$
M!FSMX]


='^ O@K2;P7
L5[J)4AECO9E9 1_LHJY^AR.*]
1$B

8?<
&7/N #6IX2^&_AGP43+I5D3=E

M58_[K*P'X 5Z512L%S@/#OP:\%^'9H[B/3WO;F/E9KY_






M3@+HKM-S


:Y!&



0#/(JMT#EW^9CCIP

?ACPGI




M#;RZ=!8LS0_V?LC/S8R#E3G. ?7CK7=44 5%L$&DC3GFED3R/(
CD;V&W;DG
M&
GX8KJ:*$[; ]3.U
M[1K?Q#H5[I%V\J6]W$8I&B(#@'T)!&?PK/\ !O@[3_ ^B'2=
FNI8#*TVZY9
M6;) !Y50



MTL-1%CC5$4*B@!5 P /2N2\;_#?0O'RVIU4W


&N#;]GCP6;SSQ/


MG??S XWPM\-=&\(^(=0UJPN;^2YOPPE6XD0H-S;CM 4'KZDUV1&1BBBETL'5



_A6C13E[VX+W=C

D^I





=
\3-)

^&?&+))K


MX=URC?=P H]
@9KTFJFJVKWVCWMI$5$D\#Q*6/ +*0
^W-9R3Y&H]F7%^\F_

J=U?U9Y2_[/?@E[_[



MO@'X
U747O$_MQ+L6:*TF41DDY) 96Q] 0*],MX5MK:*!2D:!%W')P!CFI



52DD<BAE<'J#UKS/4_@!X)

5Z@$




0#/(JMT#EW^9CCIP




JMN ('+*1CD]JZ&BE+WMQQ]W8S



M)84+D%B%  SCOQ5FBA:*P/5W

MS%;NZN6MV57RIR.6!'Z



H53[!6#*!] *G\/
F1U'L<BNFHI-7!.QY38_L]^K2X\R=]4O5Q_JKBY
M4+_XXJG]:W/$?PD\*^(]
L+ V\NG06+
T/\ 9^R





*%_:AU!5  $UP !V_=FOHJO*=(^&6M:?\9KOQC+=6#:=






&/#MIX3\/6NBV$
MD\EM;!@C3LYRQ8Y( '4^E:]%):7MU&]0HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 

BBB@84444 %%%% !1145S<0VEM+<W$BQPQ(7D=C@*H&230W;4-R6LB
M]\5^'--G\B_U_2K6;&?+GO(T;'T)SVKPC4/$WBSXS^)I]$\-SOI^@0_ZU\E0


M(YKSWX0_#W5O %IJD6JW%E


D^X444
M4AA1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1

M%@_\+0O/[._Y&[
GVC_CWZX^?[W[OIZ?A7V#7SWX3_Y.@UC_ 'KC_P!!%**_

Y Z'L3Z#O7N?Q8_Y);X@_
MZ]O_ &85R/[.EG'#X$O;H*/








:?PHJ:GIUMK&EW6FWB;[:ZB:*1?]DC!_&L?PEX
M'T+P3;SPZ+;RQ



;*
M5/X;C6E^T/
;GP5X=G/62XW_ )QYI.5X*76]AJ-I6Z-7&G5_B5\4TDF\+W*:
M)H2?NTN99#$]PPZMN52PY'\. 


MD=L#MS6%IWC'QW\












_7G(T'Q


MWZKV
]I=6


:+X%UG4M/F\F[MK






M(8\R
5; WE=PRVWO5.?0/C-XVMUU4ZU%HD
O[R&Q2ZDMF53T!\M2?^^CGGM6
M7\2;--0_:)T2TD 

M0/W9N*V_S/$?A-\1/$4_BNY\&^+6







MMK]\H]&G^29G&7[IR?\ 6K-.[\'?&KQ%&-1N/$L6G.P+K90WLEN4!YVXC7;[

_B5XEA\:-X
\9%I+EF:..610)(Y 








M#8_-OTKV^FXN%DMQ\W
WV/ _!7Q:U_Q?\6+*R%PUOH]Q&VZQ
49VLL))P^W=

MUO2D;


&91Z
P8'_ -!'Y5F?!BR2?XR^

*(S]._O3_  ]\;/$6M^'8=$L=/6]\732^3#+L C*8R96' ##T



M*2 BU:3:'_CQG!QDGT/2MW_AIK_J4?\ RI?_ &JHC9QYNHY73Y0M/'GCOX8Z
M];Z=X[#:AI




M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%

M.

*YK]GK_DFS_P#7]+_):TX_




NIZ#X

4D/FQJ_ER@
M!DR
X.1D5Y1X,^!EGHFL+K7B#4FUB_1_,1A$8?^\V22YSTSCZ5Z[56LM=R

MYC@@B*1QSNRO*-G'(S]



.Z



M2]$NBH_,UU_P^^$VC^!&-X)6O\ 567:;J1 H0'J$7G;GUR33/BYXU3Q]H^

'_H
M KQ[]I;_ (\O#O\ UUG_ ))7M.B64FFZ#I]C
[!)]OT1W^D?\

MWX;:QX^N-(DTJYL819B42?:I'7.XKC&U6_NGTIM_O4^E_P!0IZ0L^W^1W]__
M 

<D \?NW
MPHX]SBO7_/@_2O!6BKIFE1

 S8/;).


\4FOW4

MN2-H_LKNP 4$'.Y5]:]*JYN]K=D9P35[]V?/?P1_Y*OXL_W9O_1XKW76]*@U
MS0[[2[E08;N%HFSVR







-JGT[XJ

MXZ?4-.?PCJK

\6V
M]S8+86IA+QR2.)3L))P I'?UKU.B.E-+U_
8_G8\GR^FS;U_VNE=IXS\':;XWT%]+U(,H#;X9
MD^]$XZ,/SZ4I*]*[?YE)KVDGW_R

MC
R_





4=


_\ ?07\ZXWP!H5EIG[1-QI^EAC9


_%5IXJ\$Z?/#









M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!3

M9KVBBB.C;[JPI*Z2[.X4444#BBB@ HHHH **** O

M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !2







MT3X8NYK_ 


MRU(.$W!]#JIS4X*:V84445!84444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !117!^)_B;





MHRMW-ONBNY+:/EV]
^@]S50A*;Y8J[)G.
(\TG9&_17B.I?%37[QF%F(+&
]
) TA^1<%F/O@ G'O67IWC2'4?!MUKL=N1):HWFP9SAP,XS
MZ'(.?\*\,U/4KK5]0FOKV4R3RG+'L/0#T I83 2JS:J:);^I6+S-&$73U<M
MO0^D-/U;3]5C




M\



MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHK!\9
MZJ=&\)W]TAQ*4\J(CJ&;Y0?PSG\*J$'.2BNI
YJ$7)[(\6\:ZA::GXMOKFRC


MAD5\LU]
Z

M0^))YD?-K!^YMP#P5!^]^)Y^F/2O7?'FN?V%X6N)$8BXN/W$..Q8')_ 9/UQ
M7@]A:&]NA%NV(%:21\9VHH+


M^$KZ=&VS2+Y



MJE&C3LMDCR6YUZMWO)GN'@K36TKPAIULX(D







M9SHEA]C)-K]GC\DD8.S:-O'TQ5VO)DK2:1Z\7=)L***XSXC^)FT+1!;6K[;V





M&

I*
7)[(P_'/C6+PY:&UM&5]3E'RKU\H?WC

Q.3]23T%5KJYNM4OY+B=WGNIWR3U+

MWX

C('!R#T-


M0AZ ^XY'X5W_ 


^J17'V
&6X@3S# !\S)T)7U(S
MT]*H5W?PGLGG\5R7(!\NVMV)/NV !_
_A6G\3/!T=LIU[3H=J
W^E1H. 3_&


CT/JBBBODSZX**** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *\
MM^

M-K_B.[OLYB+;(1Z1C@?GU_&O2RRBYUN=[+\SS
TK*%'D6\OR+/@714USQ7:V




-):QLWUVC-?-5?0G@346U







G=]C.EFM.=3D:LNC/2_%FEW

&Q^.


.(K\B









MU]^M=F$P
Z^KTCW_ 

]PTWQEH&KW_V&RU!9+@YVJ49=V.3



M=M#3+*:AAT^^IA^



)HV^A&*RO!EB=.\':7;MG=Y(D8

M/1):GSO+&T



M3[+X/\$6::E


:6]E8RSI%<YZ!03@<#WZY


M$2R%
YQGT]JOU\[).+:9]'%J2304444AA1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%

@IJ&K
M7&HW


YP9?4]C3J5;7M8\ON93/=S3$Y,CLQ/KDYKW7X?
M^&ET#04EE0?;;L25NNT?PK^ _4FO!Y(WAD




QP






M([

RIU*O+[
MLRRRI3H\U2H[;)'I5% ((!!R#WHKYX^C
3QA(T7@[5V7J;5U_ C!_G7SG7T3

M'_ 6F76K7(0+:H?F^\V1D*!W.




DNWUVD''Z5TU
MJ
:L6I*YRT*\J4DX.W?^NQ]
7EY;:?:275W
D



^L7IWR6L1%M /O22-Q^  SD^XK

M@\




'R\$+$2.=W

MDFHZE=ZM?27M[


K#((.017FRISBDY*






MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB




?




M^.X
#:-?^8#C @8C\P



&D?V&





C@






^T5QT<





5WTLV

M06.EQ0V\MFVZ!.BD'[P)]^#GU%=@JJBA44*H&  

RW.HD8

._
M:;V[]#YPU .-2NA(VYQ


UE&-&
'O\ Y'G9
M3&4JTIK;_




_I7M/&X2



\?H:P])\.Z



LRQH




MQG6I^UIN%[7/&/A_X+OKG7(]0U*SE@M+1MZK

3B

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BH+J]M; S7ES#;
MQ*2\T@10/J:IV?B30M1F\FQUK3KJ7^Y!=([?D#0!IT444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %?
$_AK_A+OC%

M3M3;7E^9H_\ #//_ %-'_E/_ /ME4M3^'GC7P%9'4O#WB:ZM[8%GBAW(0O4
MGRR65AU)'Z5[Y00
$9!HUZTZG?#3X@IXUTV2&Z5(M5M0/.1.!(O9U'\QV







MO^[;7D:/_#//_4T?^4__ .V4?\

IU%%<5\+O%<_B



M%;^&?!&46)RCW

VX\(@/?J?7G%#NFEU8*SN^B/:Z\)\
?\G%ZI_P!=
M+C_T&K*:'\6/!\3:JNL+J\48WS6C7


M3U 9SM7(]AD_C7LT\\=M;R3S.$BB4N['H !DFO#?AE%+XQ^*.J^*[E&\JW+/
M'Z!F^5!^ _I22YI)/9:C;Y8M_(U/@;K4D*:IX6O#MGLY3+&A[#.UQ^#8/XF
MO8J\\79\ ?&FUUR


M=!*][&[17@EGJ7Q
^)LDUSI5V-)TP
51DD


MG(;&[YBN[GZUZY26L5(;TERA17D_Q0\9:_X=\6Z+8Z5?_9[:Y13*GDQON._'


M^:40W;S+&









M'[N#P1TX/L:K_#_XA/X ^W^'?$=M.L4#NT:HN7CD[ICT/4'^AXT?#FFZI\3?
MB''XNOK-K32+1U


MS_XG?$




:M!K2Z992

MBGFV+7$)(!*G82
@^AIMI1
1GR

**** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH

)_PG\OS/HBBLW7==T_P .Z5-J.I7










J'8OY#'Y5[[7SZ+I/ 'QWN9[[]W8WDCL9#T$<O.[Z!N
MOT-?0.DD:R1LK(PRK*<@CU%$?X<1R_B2/(OC]I\+^']

M:/QK&^
^GRZ+K^A^



M#GTW*1_6O&?@CK

M

M 4#J2:\$\#:S'X@^/%UJD.?)G$QCSU*!-JG\@*4/XB]'^03_ (;]5^9] 444

?&G@OPEX0CM;S6!'?SR





]2\



ODRQ9YV@_*P'IC SZ@THIKF3WT

@@]J\&^%(_L?XMZWI$#$6V)X@G;Y)/E_(9

M;\1_^2=:[_UZM_2O'_BQK=KJWQ+TZWM)5E6Q\N&1E.1OWY(S[9 ^N:]@^(__





WQ
M$%V9O

MU01
JG\0!7T127\./]=2I?'(*\G^)GQ#U*RU:+PIX94G5)MJRS* 60M]U$]&




MGZ5[!5R5K(2=[A7SU\/B+/XZZA!+P[37:#/'.2?YOH6O /B+:W'@CXJV7BJ
M
M:W





M&1@592





M*[?P=H8U2ZM+FYB\Q8R( /E)Z$Y(P.


M]
L5O A9F8]?0#U)Z 5I5=E?R
Z:=VO


M3/HO
J
M'5^1ZOX-_P1)T+_ *\(/_0!6W6)X-_Y$G0O^O#_P! %;=:U?CEZO\ 
SA\
M*BBBH*BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ KQ#5_A'



MPTN( +;0JA('5L?

M!F@S^'_!MAHU\T
LT,DAB)9&RQ/&0#T/I7044EHFNXWJT^QXSK/P3OK;5GU
M#PCK0LS96*1WC

G'MC\:;!\'/$FL.@\5^+9KB!&R(HYI)R?HTF IY

M*'@G4O&VF6%MIL]I$]O





\P







8CN#'^$LHPR-Q

-[;6]+U&:
MQLT?S7M8B58-_=1AT0]QZ<=^/3J**.E@ZWLKQ%X=T[Q1H\NF:G#OA?E6'#1
MMV93V(K5HI-7W&G;8\


CJ&1@0RL
@CT-.HIMWW$E8\AUSX*
FIOJ7A+
M6&TN8DLL+

*\V^)/P^U;QCK6E7FGW%E%':*

*?2O2:*.J?8?1KN4M4TJSUK2I]-U$36TZ;70_P QZ$=0:\?G
M^OB#2+N2;PIXH:W60XQ))) X7T+1YW?D*]MHI6UN'2QXQ9_!?6=5NX9_%_B
M:6]2





MK&BR*FK68P%+;?


GN1DD\UTZ^.?B

MMBBK)(****0PHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B


MK%X&VO\ 9S&A_P!I_E'ZFG4]R_D*G[UC6T_7-)U9W33=4LKUHPXMKA)H/3





FERRA 23M3=]V5






M8SC

MR.THKQOXQZ_JEGXCT32;:]EAL;@*\T49V^8?
Q@GJ1CMTKV2DM5?SL4])6\K
MA1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 4]0U;3=)C234M0M+)'.U&N9EC#'T!8C-6



$_2
MD^
/C.Z\.:1;Z9IDK17]^2/




M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****

M R1G_;;Y5_4BN%^%?A=;GX4ZC'


MBWD


D
H15).23UP:I7WCK


M(5I)J

M*



M7$:R1MZJ1D5\^^*M?^(?C#1CIFH^#9DA\Q9 \&F7 =6'H22.Y'2O6OA?!?VO
MP]TRVU*WGM[F+S$
4\91U&]L9!YZ8JU=Q=^A+LFK'85PWQ3\877A#PPLM@ +

DN

MC^$OM%A&I

M)8?WDD




M5[I$BQPHB@!54  =A4P7N7\V.3]Y+R1X5XSN?$/P_P#$GAR[;6]4N+)HHOM*


;5_H.5_P#'2!^%5%W33Z._R8FK--==
M/N
/XT^*+_3H]*T71KRYM[^ZD\QC:R







  
CDG--UWP!XI^&]FFJZ#K\]Q LJB1($:




F^X2T



A


.5AGD/SL5&=K'^+CD-W]Z]:KYOA3QGKGQ+TKQ!?\ AB]L

M \@+$%_55KZ'KY[\#'^S/CU?6TWRM)/=1C/N2P_,IA_$7HQS_AOY'T)111
M0!D:CX6T+6-0COM2TJUN[F-/+1YTW@+G.





MFNJ(R

MG
=Y(-ZVIB





M5ZVS/8%%)'Y_SJHMM23ZDDK-=3E+CQ!XJ^*GB^?2MU33])A).Z-B@ XW



5J?'#
IZ=N*]V\'P+;^#-$B0#V

C^M.K[DGR]_U



0.ES UO*WOD#


\L^


N4)!]C7SM\0M8\:Z

;[/&(O*);'/RL2_3UXKWB)B_PQ1F.2='!/_?FB5_92OT_R


M &H?M(VD-P R0RQ!0?\ 9BWC]:A+F5./=%MV=279L=8_!3Q!JL



N 1SSQ7M_P^\-^*O#K:@_B;7/[2254\G_2Y9O+QNW?? QG




M_P @#2/^OIO_ $&HE)N$9=;_ )





M5FC:8AI5A;;N5A)_=(QP?4=*QK;XP^-/#DJ6OB'2EF('2Y@:WE;WR!C_ 
=K


MR



M ;\?F:3]]P_O O=YW_*.M/@WXD\3VR:CXE\1R0W4@WK%*C7#(#V.6 4^PS5)
:S?=']?H#7D.F

BZ7HML#^[DFDD8






=(\[2V 

M=*P/A=&T7PVT16ZF$M^!=B/YUT6JZM8:'ITM_J5S';VT0RSN?T'J?85K4=I-


G_=)7^E8'QOD5/AVZGJ]U$H_4_T





MPQEDA8C^\V%P?]Q?UKT;QMX3B\9^'7TJ2Y^S
9%D2;R_
V$'TR.H)'7O5;P%




9NR<]=PQ797^FVFJ:;+I]] D]M,FR1'
M'!%3;]WR];W*O[Z?D<+\&_[$_P$'MO[/\C[=\WVS&/
W[C][OC&
=JN?$CQ

MMQ

M&1GS(3C\&KT?QYH(\1^#-2T\)NF
1D@]?
7E?SQC\:Q_ ?PY;P-J-_-#J_VJ


MTV;3]1MUN+688=&_F#V/N*EWZ%*U]2CX:\2:;XKT6&]LYXI/
C'G0[@6C;'*

MR22DT FQZ $




[NBO ZVH.3F3/

S





9Y_GWKR#PU?1_#+XLZEI^J$PZ?=DHLI'


MNWQP@&O?\@M7MP=_W?)P

7
M(_2E&ZCRCEK+F.?^-'C+3O$.H66FZ7.ES!9;VDG0Y1G; PI[@ =1QS7K@UBX




/J#]:B.DF^ZL-J\4NSN
[-/K
M8IO6+70\8^%^OIX\6:IX=U]Q:)


M=L!N
&'U_#%<G[/=N+K<_
MB24V^X_(MF ^/3=O(S[X_G=M)/<5DG=;&SI7Q8GUWX@C0M(TR*[TYI-JW6]



3G'X=N
M]56^$'C;6

\M^#OC6QU#PW;Z#
M=7





M-$?LWV?=NV'^]N&

E..DT_7\@?PM'-_M ?\

&/@KH6A7<5Y?W$FJ7$1RHD0)$#G@[.





MYF-ISC&1_.G6]YNW?]2:7NI7[?H4/A5_R331?^N;_P#H;4GQ1\/_ /0^!+Z
M*--UQ:C[3#@9.5Y('U7(K9\*Z#_PC/AFRT?[3]I^S*5\WR]F[+$],G'7UK7D
M9$B=I!&%)8GH!WHJVE=H*5XI7/F#4/$EQXJ\'^%/D#EKJ.X,,B^N%B_\




MUC3Q(&MKVSE7(;Y9(V&/Q!XKY\\46&CCXPZ7:^$4B!\^'S5M3^[24/\ -MQP
M

M]INR@]E   _G[U4;*2EV)=W%Q[G8T444AGSM\06MV^.$ U[_D%J]N#O^[Y
M.!G\-V[/XU] 6\EE%8));O;I9JOR-&0(POL1QBN?\8^ =&\:PQ_;UDBN8AB.


[WMMS9]2XS4_Q3M[CPK\2M)\71
M1

?CZ5Z!X4^'_P#PC'BG6-:_M/[3_:+.?)^S[/+W/N^]


9H^NZ9KVF)

MC\%^(]3\




*\T\4_%*?POXZM]%O=

K);?5(6WQY
4\1VR1YZX
M/I['(J-4TR]+-&JKZ=K&GB0-;7MG*N0WRR1L
?B#Q7SYXHL-''QATNU\(I$#


V/]X.!^E=SX/^


MX_X1/Q-J6L?VK]J^VJX\K[/LV;GW==QSZ=!77:MI%AKFFRZ?J5LEQ:RC#(W\

&MTD5HW.^S9'HNNZ;XATV._P!
NHYX7 )VMRA]&'8^QKS?XB_%




::I:1+#+ [ 
X4
M8#*.X(QTZ&N\=%D1D=0RL
<*2
M/IG%=F^S!JZ7='7^



4
M9@\NQXCW)P*U:Y3Q]X-?QOHT&G+J9L4CG$S-Y/F;\ @#&Y?7-3*]ME:^I

@&ZO
O\ AGG_ *FC_P I_P#]LH_X9Y_ZFC_RG_\ VRGL
MK(GK=GK^GZ]H^K2/'INJV-[(@W

L(&6
M-SZ

M6VD:';G<D4]



L(&6-
MSZ


!(?E5


)_[8\_SI)G^S?9MN/
).
M-V\]

M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%





N)L8\QSU/T' 'TKHZ**IN[NR4K!1112
M&%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110




MU5Q;*K
N3@'D@8SCOWJ;P]KUGXFT.VU:P\P6\X)59  RD$@@@$C.1ZT+4-C3



MOB[3?!NE)J&I+.\;RB)$@4
[






)EQ<HS.L((488C@$

@
WNQ_A7W_(&NGN;B

FOGWP+8'XE?$J^UO6%\ZUMSYQA?D'G$:8] !^GO25Y2



;0(X8

M6_#D=YKVF_V??&1E






HC2Z8S3DM@$ @*#[9R?P

MJ4O=IH;?OU'_ %LCT3PI/X\):3%9V&NZ&)0H\ZX^VQ;Y6[DG=GKVZN9^*T
M?@S7_#=S?V6K:


OO




MOCQJVG
1'::E&\J#MR/

M\)Q


M=8VE489T;(P?7G&/3FO1/__(IZ/_UY0_\ H KD?C9_R3B?_KXB_G5U]&_)

MLR1%HB/WK
2693D?3GN?05?^&=[%IOP?LKZ?/E6T
\KX]%=R?Y5YKIEGXG^

6P%0CJ

M]6L;E-6CAM+=0AMGC/=OG8



3N^N!7
_%7P/H
_ZYG_T,5ZUXDT;2]3TBYFO]-L[N6&VD
M\IYX%D*?+GY21QT'2O)?CI_R-/A[_KF?_0Q7L^K?\@*^_PO:3_T$UB_X
O5









MWD&K
V9(BT1'[UF)+

MX?IEGXG^
^K7LUSJILM+@89CY:./)RJJ@(#'CDDUV-A\ ] @
;7VIW]T5 W*



M(84444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%




M?IDPT73O$5F2EUIEP/WB]55B
'\&_G7JM%$KRU-HZ'G/P5TIK'P*+Z4'SM




^.WU
M9_#

MUVD23W


M]+
\:TCX]VB6_E:_I%U'=Q_*[6@5@Q'7Y6(*]^


H/&6@V\ES@QNZQ(7:.1
 $J.2I 'ZU[=10]6FM+ M$T^IXA;


J[2/S!KRCX._P#)

_^ABO9]6_Y 5]




O^


MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **









M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444


'!&16+X.\:7X(BNX]-G
MO)1=,K/]I=6QMSC&U1ZUCZ!\/+'P/I_B6SNIKA;JW(3SL;D55;@D8!Y/7 K


;FZGTVYOI7N4.+ET8  YXVJ*\[N=<^

MI[C^7\Z7D2_


D=




M/IZ(SCU]0HHHJ@HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ KYQ^-7B*/

HZ61\\T1
1]''*_J!1)V][L$5]D/!^O)XE\*:?JBD;Y8@)0.

^B



?7]EXR_Y.#T;_?M?YU[M7A/C+_DX/1O]^U_G7NU$/X:]7^82
M_B/T04444#.;^(/_ 3W7O\ KRD_E7(? 7_D1[O_ *_W_P#0$KK_ (@_\D]U

T:212*5='&58


M9HW*

MMH'HKGM_6OG[P]$- _:%GL++*6\L\J


.VMY)YG11*7=CT  R30W;4IK&LZ


MZ;JB6]K$


M9C]Z1N[




M-0MXUCF6ZD$:N0
;E9C@Y]



M /QH5E[L?^'!_P TCKJK:A_R#;K_ *XO_(U9JMJ'_(-NO^N+_P C6=3X'Z/\
MBX?$CQK]GOIK_P#VP_\ 9Z]NKQ']GOIK_P#VP_\ 9Z]NK:?3T1G'KZA1114%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% &/XG\.6WBO1)-)O+FZ@MY&5G



QNT1 8#V)!'Z51\)^%


M26.&ZB:)VB(# $8.01G\*NT4-7T!.QY9_PH/PM_S_ZS_P!_HO\ XW1_PH/P

FSR2QP
MW431.T1 8 C!P2



M8VJ/[QKJ:**;=PL%%%%( HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@


